item 1a.    risk factors we operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k, the following material factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects. any of the following risks, either alone or taken together, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
risks related to our industry and business operations our utility operations are subject to extensive regulation by state pucs and other regulatory agencies, which significantly affects our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. our utility operations also may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for an inability to meet these regulatory requirements.
our regulated businesses provide water and wastewater services to our customers through subsidiaries that are subject to regulation by state pucs. this regulation affects the rates we charge our customers and has a significant impact on our business and operations. generally, the state pucs authorize us to charge rates that they determine are sufficient to recover our prudently incurred operating expenses, including, but not limited to, operating and maintenance costs, depreciation, financing costs and taxes, and provide us with the opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on invested capital.
our ability to successfully implement our business plan and strategy depends on the rates authorized by the various state pucs. we periodically file rate increase applications with state pucs. the ensuing administrative process may be lengthy and costly. our rate increase requests may or may not be approved, or may be partially approved, and any approval may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, a puc may not approve a rate request to an extent that is sufficient to:
•cover our expenses, including purchased water and costs of chemicals, fuel and other commodities used in our operations;
•provide us with an opportunity to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment.
approval of the pucs is also required in connection with other aspects of our utilities' operations. some state pucs are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with applicable rules and regulations. our utilities are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the pucs that regulate their businesses and authorize acquisitions, dispositions, debt and/or equity financing, and, in certain cases, affiliated transactions. although we believe that each utility subsidiary has obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its existing operations, we are unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on our business.
the current covid-19 pandemic may limit or curtail significantly or entirely the ability of pucs to approve or authorize applications and other requests we may make with respect to our regulated businesses, including without limitation any or all types of approvals described above, as pucs and their staffs seek to reduce, delay or streamline proceedings and other activities. pucs and other governmental authorities have taken, and may continue to take, emergency or other actions in light of the covid-19 pandemic that may impact us, including prohibiting the termination of service for non-payment during the current covid-19 pandemic and extending or delaying procedural schedules in our regulatory proceedings. at this time, we are unable to predict the range of impacts that the covid-19 pandemic and other related events may have on our ability to obtain these approvals as needed or requested by the regulated businesses in the ordinary course or at all, or the nature of any further emergency or other action that may be taken by the pucs or other governmental authorities.
in any of these cases, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be adversely affected. even if the rates approved are sufficient, we face the risk that we will not achieve the rates of return on our invested capital to the extent permitted by state pucs. this could occur if certain conditions exist, including, but not limited to, water usage less than the level anticipated in establishing rates, customers increase their conservation efforts, or we experience negative impacts of the covid-19 pandemic, or if our investments or expenses prove to be higher than the levels estimated in establishing rates.
our operations and the quality of water we supply are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations, including with respect to contaminants of emerging concern, compliance with which could impact both our operating costs and capital expenditures, and violations of which could subject us to substantial liabilities and costs, as well as damage to our reputation.
our regulated water and wastewater operations and the operations of our market-based businesses are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. these requirements include, among others, cercla, the clean water act, the safe drinking water act, the lcr, and other federal and state requirements. for example, state pucs and environmental regulators set conditions and standards for the water and wastewater services we deliver. if we deliver water or wastewater services to our customers table of contents that do not comply with regulatory standards, or otherwise violate environmental laws, regulations or permits, or other health and safety and water quality regulations, we could incur substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions or costs, as well as damage to our reputation. in the most serious cases, regulators could reduce requested rate increases or force us to discontinue operations and sell our operating assets to another utility or to a municipality. given the nature of our business which, in part, involves providing water service for human consumption, any potential non-compliance with, or violation of, environmental, water quality and health and safety laws or regulations would likely pose a more significant risk to us than to a company not similarly involved in the water and wastewater industry.
in addition, cercla authorizes the epa to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate and take remedial actions with respect to actual or threatened releases of hazardous substances, and can impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, on responsible parties for the costs thereof. we are also required to obtain various environmental permits from regulatory agencies for our operations.
we incur substantial operating and capital costs on an ongoing basis to comply with environmental, water quality and health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations and their enforcement, have become more stringent over time, and new or stricter requirements could increase our costs. although we may seek to recover ongoing compliance costs in our regulated businesses through customer rates, there can be no guarantee that the various state pucs or similar regulatory bodies that govern our regulated businesses would approve rate increases that would enable us to recover such costs or that such costs will not materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we may also incur liabilities if, under environmental laws and regulations, we are required to investigate and clean up environmental contamination, including potential releases of hazardous chemicals, such as chlorine, which we use to treat water, or at off-site locations where we have disposed of waste or caused an adverse environmental impact. the discovery of previously unknown conditions, or the imposition of cleanup obligations in the future, could result in significant costs and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. such remediation costs may not be covered by insurance and may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
attention is being given to contaminants of emerging concern, including, without limitation, chemicals and other substances that currently do not have any regulatory standard in drinking water or have been recently created or discovered (including by means of scientific achievements in the analysis and detection of trace amounts of substances). examples of sources of contaminants include, but are not limited to, newly created chemical compounds (including, for example, manufactured nanomaterials); human and veterinary products; perfluorinated and polyfluorinated compounds; bacteria, microbes, viruses (including the current novel coronavirus), amoebae and other pathogens; and residual by-products of disinfection. we rely upon governmental agencies to set appropriate regulatory standards to protect the public from these and other contaminants, and our role is to provide service that meets these standards, if any. in some of our states, pucs may disapprove of cost recovery, in whole or in part, for implementation of treatment infrastructure for a contaminant in the absence of a regulatory standard. furthermore, given the rapid pace at which these contaminants are being created and/or discovered, we may not be able to detect and/or mitigate all such substances in our drinking water system or supplies, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. in addition, we believe these contaminants may form the basis for additional or increased federal or state regulatory initiatives and requirements in the future, which could significantly increase the cost of our operations.
limitations on availability of water supplies or restrictions on our use of water supplies as a result of government regulation or action may adversely affect our access to sources of water, our ability to supply water to customers or the demand for our water services.
our ability to meet the existing and future demand of our customers depends on the availability of an adequate supply of water. as a general rule, sources of public water supply, including rivers, lakes, streams, groundwater aquifers and recycled water sources, are held in the public trust and are not generally owned by private interests. as a result, we typically do not own the water that we use in our operations, and the availability of our water supply is established through allocation rights (determined by legislation or court decisions) and passing-flow requirements set by governmental entities or by entering into water purchase agreements. these requirements, which can change from time to time, and vary by state or region, may adversely impact our water supply. supply issues, such as drought, overuse of sources of water, the protection of threatened species or habitats, contamination or other factors may limit the availability of ground and surface water. if we are unable to secure available or alternative sources of water, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
for example, in our monterey county, california operations, we are seeking to augment our sources of water supply, principally to comply with an october 2009 cease and desist order (the "2009 order"), as amended by a july 2016 order (the "2016 order"), of the swrcb that requires our california subsidiary to significantly decrease its diversions from the carmel river in accordance with a reduction schedule that terminates on december 31, 2021 (the "2021 deadline"). see item 3-legal proceedings-alternative water supply in lieu of carmel river diversions, which includes additional information regarding this matter. we are table of contents also required to augment our monterey county sources of water supply to comply with the requirements of the endangered species act. we cannot predict whether our california subsidiary will be able to secure alternative sources of water, or if it will be able to meet the 2021 deadline or the diversion reduction and other remaining requirements under the 2009 order and the 2016 order. failure by our california subsidiary to comply with the 2009 order and the 2016 order in whole or in part, or the 2021 deadline, may result in material additional costs or obligations, including fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect upon us and our business, results of operations and cash flows.
service disruptions caused by severe weather conditions, climate variability patterns or natural or other disasters may disrupt our operations or reduce the demand for our water services, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
service interruptions due to severe weather, climate variability patterns and natural or other events are possible across all our businesses. these include, among other things, storms, freezing conditions, high wind conditions, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, landslides, drought, wildfires, coastal and intercoastal floods or high water conditions, including those in or near designated flood plains, pandemics (including the covid-19 pandemic) and epidemics, severe electrical storms, sinkholes and solar flares. weather and other natural events such as these may affect the condition or operability of our facilities, limiting or preventing us from delivering water or wastewater services to our customers, or requiring us to make substantial capital expenditures to repair any damage. tariffs in place or cost recovery proceedings with respect to our regulated businesses may not provide reimbursement to us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
government restrictions on water use may also result in decreased use of water services, even if our water supplies are sufficient to serve our customers, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. seasonal drought conditions that may impact our water services are possible across all of our service areas. governmental restrictions imposed in response to a drought may apply to all systems within a region independent of the supply adequacy of any individual system. responses may range from voluntary to mandatory water use restrictions, rationing restrictions, water conservation regulations, and requirements to minimize water system leaks. while expenses incurred in implementing water conservation and rationing plans may generally be recoverable provided the relevant puc determines they were reasonable and prudent, we cannot assure that any such expenses incurred will, in fact, be fully recovered. moreover, reductions in water consumption, including those resulting from installation of equipment or changed consumer behavior, may persist even after drought restrictions are repealed and the drought has ended, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
climate variability may cause increased volatility in weather and may impact water usage and related revenue or require additional expenditures, all of which may not be fully recoverable in rates or otherwise.
the issue of climate variability is receiving increasing attention nationally and worldwide. some scientific experts are predicting a worsening of weather volatility in the future associated with climate variability. many climate variability predictions, if true, present several potential challenges to water and wastewater utilities, including us, such as:
•increased frequency and duration of droughts;
•increased frequency and severity of storms and other weather events;
•challenges associated with changes in temperature or increases in ocean levels;
•potential degradation of water quality;
•decreases in available water supply and changes in water usage patterns;
•increases in disruptions in service;
•increased costs to reduce risks associated with the increasing frequency of natural events, including to improve the resiliency and reliability of our water and wastewater treatment and conveyance facilities and systems.
because of the uncertainty of weather volatility related to climate variability, we cannot predict its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. furthermore, laws and regulations have been enacted that seek to reduce or limit ghg emissions and require additional reporting and monitoring, and these regulations may become more pervasive or stringent in light of changing governmental agendas and priorities, although the exact nature and timing of these changes is uncertain. although some or all potential expenditures and costs associated with the impact of climate variability and related laws and regulations on our regulated businesses could be recovered through rates, infrastructure replacement surcharges or other regulatory mechanisms, there can be no assurance that state pucs would authorize rate increases to enable us to recover such expenditures and costs, in whole or in part.
table of contents the current regulatory rate setting process may result in a significant delay, also known as "regulatory lag," from the time that we invest in infrastructure improvements, incur increased operating expenses or experience declining water usage, to the time at which we can seek to address these events in rate case applications; our inability to mitigate or minimize regulatory lag could adversely affect our business.
there is typically a delay, known as "regulatory lag," between the time one of our regulated subsidiaries makes a capital investment or incurs an operating expense increase and the time when those costs are reflected in rates. in addition, billings permitted by state pucs typically are, to a considerable extent, based on the volume of water usage in addition to a minimum base rate. thus, we may experience regulatory lag between the time our revenues are affected by declining usage and the time we are able to adjust the rate per gallon of usage to address declining usage. our inability to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
we endeavor to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag by pursuing constructive regulatory practices. for example, three of our states have approved revenue stability mechanisms that adjust rates periodically to ensure that a utility's revenue will be sufficient to cover its costs regardless of sales volume, including recognition of declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in addition, 11 of our state pucs permit rates to be adjusted outside of the general rate case application process through surcharges that address certain capital investments, such as replacement of aging infrastructure. these surcharges are adjusted periodically based on factors such as project completion or future budgeted expenditures, and specific surcharges are eliminated once the related capital investment is incorporated in new puc approved rates. furthermore, in setting rates, ten of our state pucs allow us to use future test years, which extend beyond the date a rate request is filed to allow for current or projected revenues, expenses and investments to be reflected in rates on a more timely basis. other examples of such regulatory practices include expense mechanisms that allow us to increase rates for certain cost increases that are beyond our control, such as purchased water costs, property or other taxes, or power, conservation, chemical or other expenditures. these mechanisms enable us to adjust rates in less time after costs have been incurred than would be the case under a general rate case application process without the mechanisms.
while these mechanisms have mitigated or reduced regulatory lag in several of our regulated states, we continue to seek expansion of regulatory practices to mitigate or reduce regulatory lag in those jurisdictions that have not approved them. furthermore, pucs may fail to adopt new surcharges and existing mechanisms may not continue in their current form, or at all, or we may be unable or become ineligible to continue to utilize certain of these mechanisms in the future. although we intend to continue our efforts to expand state puc approval of surcharges to address issues of regulatory lag, our efforts may not be successful, or even if successful they may not completely address our regulatory lag, in which case our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity may be materially and adversely affected.
changes in laws and regulations can significantly and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
new legislation, regulations, government policies or court decisions, including, without limitation with respect to federal and state income and other tax laws, can materially affect our operations, results of operations and cash flows. certain of the individuals who serve as regulators are elected or political appointees. therefore, elections which result in a change of political administration or new appointments may also result in changes of certain of the individuals who serve as regulators and the policies of the regulatory agencies that they serve. new laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, changes in agency policy, including those made in response to shifts in public opinion, or conditions imposed during the regulatory hearing process could have the following consequences, among others:
•making it more difficult for us to increase our rates and, as a consequence, to recover our costs or earn our expected rates of return;
•changing the determination of the costs, or the amount of costs, that would be considered recoverable in rate cases and other regulatory proceedings;
•restricting our ability to terminate our services to customers who owe us money for services previously provided or limiting our bill collection efforts;
•requiring us to provide water or wastewater services at reduced rates to certain customers;
•limiting or restricting our ability to acquire water or wastewater systems, purchase or dispose of assets, or issue long-term debt or equity, or making it less cost-effective for us to do so;
•negatively impacting, among other things: (i) tax rates or positions or the deductibility of expenses under federal or state tax laws, (ii) the availability or amount of, or our ability to comply with the terms and conditions of, tax credits or tax abatement benefit, (iii) the amount of taxes owed, (iv) the timing of tax effects on rates or (v) the ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards;
•changing regulations that affect the benefits we expected to receive when we began offering services in a particular area;
•increasing the associated costs of, or difficulty complying with, environmental, health, safety, consumer privacy, water quality, and water quality accountability laws and regulations to which our operations are subject;
•changing or placing additional limitations on change in control requirements relating to any concentration of ownership of our common stock;
•making it easier for governmental entities to convert our assets to public ownership via condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or for governmental agencies or private plaintiffs to assess liability against us for damages under these or similar processes;
•placing limitations, prohibitions or other requirements with respect to the sharing of information and participation in transactions by or between a regulated subsidiary and us or our other affiliates, including service company and any of our other subsidiaries;
•restricting or prohibiting our extraction of water from rivers, streams, reservoirs or aquifers; and
•revoking or altering the terms of a cpcn issued to us by a state puc or other governmental authority.
an example of an area in which laws and regulations are changing and increasing rapidly is with respect to data and consumer privacy, security and protection. we are becoming subject to an increasing number of data and consumer privacy, security and protection laws and regulations administered by various federal, state and local governments, including, for example, the california consumer privacy act of 2018. federal and state governments have also adopted or are proposing other limitations on, or requirements regarding, the collection, distribution, use, security and storage of personally identifiable information. in addition, the federal trade commission and state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards on the collection, use and dissemination of data. moreover, we expect that current laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the united states will continue to evolve and increase, and we cannot determine the impact that compliance with such future laws, regulations or standards will have on us or on our business. any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with current or future federal, state, or local data or consumer privacy or security laws, regulations, policies, guidance, industry standards, or legal obligations, or any incident resulting in unauthorized access to, or acquisition, release, or transfer of personally identifiable information or other data relating to our customers, employees and others, may result in private or governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse perception or publicity about us and our businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business and could result in us incurring substantial costs. these events could also result in significant diversions of resources, distract management and divert the focus and attention of our security and technical personnel from other critical activities. any of the foregoing consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
regulatory and environmental risks associated with the collection, treatment and disposal of wastewater may impose significant costs and liabilities.
the wastewater collection, treatment and disposal operations of our subsidiaries are subject to substantial regulation and involve environmental risks. if collection, treatment or disposal systems fail, overflow, or do not operate properly, untreated or inadequately treated wastewater or other contaminants could spill onto nearby properties or into nearby streams and rivers, causing damage to persons or property, injury to aquatic life and economic damages. this risk is most acute during periods of substantial rainfall or flooding, which are the main causes of sewer overflow and system failure. liabilities resulting from such damage could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. certain of our wastewater systems have commercial and industrial customers that are subject to specific limitations on the type, character and strength of the wastewater they are permitted to discharge into our systems. the failure by these commercial and industrial customers to comply with their respective discharge requirements could, in turn, negatively impact our operations, damage our facilities or cause us to exceed applicable discharge limitations and requirements. liabilities resulting from such exceedance events could adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a loss of one or more large industrial or commercial customers could have a material adverse impact upon the results of operations of one or more of our regulated businesses.
adverse economic conditions, the covid-19 pandemic or other factors may cause our customers, particularly industrial and large commercial customers, to curtail operations. a curtailment of operations by such a customer typically results in reduced water usage by that customer. for example, during 2020, the company experienced a decrease in net customer demand related mainly to industrial and commercial customers, which the company believes to be attributable to the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. in more severe circumstances, the decline in usage could be permanent. any decrease in demand resulting from difficult economic conditions or the current covid-19 pandemic affecting these customers could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. tariffs in place with respect to our regulated businesses may not reimburse us, in whole or in part, for any of these impacts.
table of contents our regulated businesses require significant capital expenditures and may suffer if we fail to secure appropriate funding to make investments, or if we experience delays in completing major capital expenditure projects.
the water and wastewater utility business is capital intensive. we invest significant amounts of capital to add, replace and maintain property, plant and equipment, and to improve aging infrastructure. in 2020, we invested $1.8 billion in net company-funded capital improvements. the level of capital expenditures necessary to maintain the integrity of our systems will continue into the future and may increase. we expect to fund capital improvement projects using cash generated from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper programs and issuances of long-term debt and equity. we may not be able to access our revolving credit facility or the commercial paper, long-term debt and equity capital markets, when necessary or desirable to fund capital improvements on favorable terms or at all. if we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain our existing property, plant and equipment, fund our capital investment strategies, meet our growth targets and expand our rate base to enable us to earn satisfactory future returns on our investments. even with adequate financial resources to make required capital expenditures, we face the additional risk that we will not complete our major capital projects on time, as a result of construction delays, permitting delays, labor shortages or other disruptions, environmental restrictions, or other obstacles. each of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aging infrastructure may lead to service disruptions, property damage and increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.
we have risks associated with aging infrastructure, including water and sewer mains, pumping stations and water and wastewater treatment facilities. additionally, we may have limited information regarding buried and newly acquired assets, which could challenge our ability to conduct efficient asset management and maintenance practices. assets that have aged beyond their expected useful lives may experience a higher rate of failure. failure of aging infrastructure could result in increased capital expenditures and o&m costs, and negatively impact our future o&m efficiency ratio. in addition, failure of aging infrastructure may result in property damage, and in safety, environmental and public health impacts. to the extent that any increased costs or expenditures are not fully recovered in rates, our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
seasonality could adversely affect the volume of water sold and our revenues.
the volume of water we sell during the warmer months, typically in the summer, is generally greater than during other months, due primarily to increased water usage for irrigation systems, swimming pools, cooling systems and other applications. throughout the year, and particularly during typically warmer months, the volume of water sold tends to vary with temperature, rainfall levels and rainfall frequency. in the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal, or if there is more rainfall than normal, the amount of water we sell may decrease and adversely affect our revenues.
three of our jurisdictions, california, illinois and new york, have adopted revenue stability mechanisms that permit us to recover the revenues authorized in a general rate case, regardless of sales volume. revenue stability mechanisms are designed to recognize declining sales resulting from reduced consumption, while providing an incentive for customers to use water more efficiently. in those jurisdictions that have not adopted a revenue stability mechanism, our operating results could continue to be affected by seasonality.
contamination of water supplies or our water service provided to our customers could result in service limitations and interruptions and exposure to substances not typically found in potable water supplies, and could subject us and our subsidiaries to reductions in usage and other responsive obligations, government enforcement actions, damage to our reputation and private litigation.
the water supplies that flow into our treatment plants or are delivered through our distribution system, or the water service that is provided to our customers, may be subject to contamination, including, among other items, contamination from naturally-occurring compounds, chemicals in groundwater systems, pollution resulting from man-made sources (such as perchlorate, methyl tertiary butyl ether, 1,4-dioxane, lead and other materials, or chemical spills or other incidents that result in contaminants entering the water source), and possible terrorist attacks or other similar incidents. in addition, new categories of contaminants continue to emerge in the water industry. if one of our water supplies or the water service provided to our customers is contaminated, depending on the nature of the contamination, we may have to take responsive actions that could include, among other things (1) limiting use of the water supply under a "do not use" protective order that enables continuation of basic sanitation and essential fire protection, or (2) interrupting the use of that water supply. if service is disrupted, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation may be adversely affected. in addition, we may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through the expansion of our current treatment facilities or the development of new sources of supply or new treatment methods. we may be unable to recover costs associated with treating or decontaminating water supplies through insurance, customer rates, tariffs or contract terms, and any recovery of these costs that we are able to obtain through regulatory proceedings or otherwise may not occur in a timely manner. moreover, we could be subject to claims for damages arising from government enforcement actions or toxic tort or other lawsuits arising out of an interruption of service or human exposure to hazardous substances in our drinking water and water supplies. see item 3-legal proceedings for information on certain pending lawsuits related to interruptions of water service.
table of contents since we are engaged in the business of providing water service to our customers, contamination of the water supply, or the water service provided to our customers, could result in substantial injury or damage to our customers, employees or others and we could be exposed to substantial claims and litigation. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and may be brought by our customers or third parties. litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. we may not be protected from these claims or negative impacts of these claims in whole or in part by tariffs or other contract terms. negative impacts to our reputation may occur even if we are not liable for any contamination or other environmental damage or the consequences arising out of human exposure to contamination or hazardous substances in the water or water supplies. in addition, insurance coverage may not cover all or a portion of these losses, and are subject to deductibles and other limitations. pending or future claims against us could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or sanctions.
our business and operations have a large direct and indirect customer base and, as a result, we are exposed to public criticism regarding, among other things, the reliability of water service, wastewater and related or ancillary services, the quality of water provided, and the amount, timeliness, accuracy and format of bills that are provided for such services. for example, our new york subsidiary experienced increased customer and regulatory scrutiny related to an investigation by the new york state public service commission (the "nyspsc") of the unintentional provision by our new york subsidiary of incorrect data to a taxing authority and the failure of a few employees of that subsidiary to properly disclose these issues in a rate case. a settlement of this investigation was approved by the supreme court of the state of new york in september 2018. adverse publicity and negative consumer sentiment arising out of these and other incidents may render legislatures and other governing bodies, state pucs and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view us in a favorable light, and may cause us to be susceptible to less favorable legislative, regulatory and economic outcomes, as well as increased regulatory or other oversight and more stringent regulatory or economic requirements. unfavorable regulatory and economic outcomes may include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing our operations and less favorable economic terms in our agreements related to our market-based businesses, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or requirements. the imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on us and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the failure of, or the requirement to repair, upgrade or dismantle, any of our dams may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
the properties of our regulated businesses segment include 75 dams, the majority of which are earthen dams. the failure of any of these dams could result in personal injury and property damage, including without limitation downstream property damage, for which we may be liable. the failure of a dam would also adversely affect our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. any losses or liabilities incurred due to a failure of one of our dams might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future.
we also are required from time to time to decommission, repair or upgrade the dams that we own. the cost of such repairs or upgrades can be and has been material. the federal and state agencies that regulate our operations may adopt rules and regulations requiring us to dismantle our dams, which also could entail material costs. although in most cases the puc has permitted recovery of expenses and capital investment related to dam rehabilitation, we might not be able to recover costs of repairs, upgrades or dismantling through rates in the future. the inability to recover these costs or delayed recovery of the costs as a result of regulatory lag can affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
any failure of our network of water and wastewater pipes and water reservoirs could result in losses and damages that may affect our financial condition and reputation.
our operating subsidiaries distribute water and collect wastewater through an extensive network of pipes and storage systems located across the united states. a failure of major pipes or reservoirs could result in injuries, property and other damage for which we may be liable. the failure of major pipes and reservoirs may also result in the need to shut down some facilities or parts of our network in order to conduct repairs. such failures and shutdowns may limit our ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to our customers and to meet the water and wastewater delivery requirements prescribed by government regulators, including state pucs with jurisdiction over our operations, and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and reputation. any business interruption or other losses might not be covered by insurance policies or be recoverable in rates, and such losses may make it difficult for us to secure insurance at acceptable rates in the future. moreover, to the extent such business interruptions or other losses are not covered by insurance, they may not be recovered through rate adjustments.
table of contents an important part of our growth strategy is the acquisition of water and wastewater systems, which involves risks, including competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers, which may hinder or limit our ability to grow our business.
an important element of our growth strategy is the acquisition and optimization of water and wastewater systems in order to broaden our current, and move into new, service areas. we may not be able to acquire other systems or businesses if we cannot identify suitable acquisition opportunities or reach mutually agreeable terms with acquisition candidates. further, competition for acquisition opportunities from other regulated utilities, governmental entities and other buyers may hinder our ability to expand our business.
the negotiation and execution of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of acquired systems or businesses with our existing operations could require us to incur significant costs and cause diversion of our management's time and resources. future acquisitions by us could result in, among other things:
•incurrence or assumption of debt, contingent liabilities and environmental liabilities and obligations, including liabilities that were unknown or undisclosed at the time of acquisition;
•unanticipated capital expenditures;
•failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting;
•the need to successfully integrate the acquired systems' operations and water quality, cybersecurity and infrastructure protection measures;
•recording goodwill and other intangible assets at values that ultimately may be subject to impairment charges;
•failure to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements; and
•difficulties in integrating or assimilating personnel, benefits, services and systems.
some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on our business. the systems and businesses we acquire in the future may not achieve anticipated revenue, return on equity or profitability, or other perceived synergies, and any difficulties we encounter in the integration process could interfere with our operations, reduce our net income and profitability or adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting.
we compete with governmental entities, other regulated utilities, and strategic and financial buyers for acquisition opportunities. if consolidation becomes more prevalent in the water and wastewater industries and competition for acquisitions increases, the prices for suitable acquisition candidates may increase and limit our ability to expand through acquisitions.
our regulated businesses are subject to condemnation and other proceedings through eminent domain or other similar authorized process, which could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and financial condition.
municipalities and other government subdivisions have historically been involved in the provision of water and wastewater services in the united states, and organized efforts may arise from time to time in one or more of the service areas in which our regulated businesses operate to convert our assets to public ownership and operation through exercise of the governmental power of eminent domain, or another similar authorized process. a municipality, other government subdivision or a citizen group may seek to acquire our assets through eminent domain or such other process, either directly or indirectly as a result of a citizen petition.
for example, in november 2018, monterey, california ballot measure j, which was added by a citizens group, was certified as having been approved by a public vote, requiring the mpwmd to conduct a study and submit a written plan concerning the feasibility of a potential purchase of the monterey system assets without an additional public vote. the public vote led to the issuance by the mpwmd in november 2019 of a preliminary report finding, among other things, that the acquisition of the monterey system assets by the mpwmd would be economically feasible. in november 2020, the mpwmd certified an feir with respect to a proposed acquisition and operation of this system by the mpwmd, and our california subsidiary has filed a petition in court challenging this certification. also, five municipalities in the chicago, illinois area formed a water agency that filed an eminent domain lawsuit against our illinois subsidiary in january 2013, seeking to condemn a water pipeline that serves those five municipalities. this lawsuit remains pending, and a valuation trial is scheduled for the second quarter of 2021. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-condemnation and eminent domain, which includes additional information regarding these matters.
table of contents furthermore, the law in certain jurisdictions in which our regulated businesses operate provides for eminent domain rights allowing private property owners to file a lawsuit to seek just compensation against a public utility, if the public utility's infrastructure has been determined to be a substantial cause of damage to that property. in these actions, the plaintiff would not have to prove that the public utility acted negligently. in california, lawsuits have been filed in connection with large-scale natural events such as wildfires. some of these lawsuits have included allegations that infrastructure of certain utilities triggered the natural event that resulted in damage to the property. in some cases, the puc has disallowed recovery in rates of losses incurred by these utilities as a result of such lawsuits.
contesting an exercise of condemnation, eminent domain or other similar process, or responding to a citizen petition, may result in costly legal proceedings and may divert the attention of management. moreover, our efforts to resist the condemnation, eminent domain or other process may not be successful, which may require us to sell the operations at issue in a condemnation proceeding or to pay a private property owner compensation for the property damage suffered. if a municipality or other government subdivision succeeds in acquiring the assets of one or more of our regulated businesses through eminent domain or other process, there is a risk that we will not receive adequate compensation for the business, that we will not be able to keep the compensation, or that we will not be able to divest the business without incurring significant charges. any of these outcomes may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity.
as operators of critical infrastructure, we may face a heightened risk of physical and cyber attacks from internal or external sources. our water and wastewater systems may be vulnerable to disability or failures as a result of physical or cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, vandalism or other causes. our operational and technology systems throughout our businesses may be vulnerable to unauthorized external or internal access, due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. unauthorized access to confidential information located or stored on these systems could negatively and materially impact our customers, employees, suppliers and other third parties. further, third parties, including vendors, suppliers and contractors, who perform certain services for us or administer and maintain our sensitive information, could also be targets of cyber attacks and unauthorized access. while we have instituted safeguards to protect our operational and technology systems, those safeguards may not always be effective due to the evolving nature of cyber attacks and cyber vulnerabilities. we cannot guarantee that such protections will be completely successful in the event of a cyber attack.
if, despite our security measures, a significant physical attack or cyber breach occurred, our operations could be disrupted, property damaged, and customer and other confidential information lost or stolen; we could experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; we could suffer a loss of management time, attention and resources from our regular business operations; and we may be subject to increased regulation, litigation and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. experiencing a cyber security incident could also cause us to be non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations or contracts that require us to securely maintain confidential data, causing us to incur costs related to legal claims or proceedings and regulatory fines or penalties. these types of events, either impacting our facilities or the industry in general, could also cause us to incur additional security and insurance related costs.
in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information, about our customers and employees. in many cases, we outsource administration of certain functions to vendors that could be targets of cyber attacks. any theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack could subject us to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact our reputation with customers and regulators, among others.
we have obtained cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach, but such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events may evolve as the industry matures. in the future, adequate insurance may not be available at rates that we believe are reasonable, and the costs of responding to and recovering from a cyber incident may not be covered by insurance or recoverable in rates.
we maintain insurance coverage as part of our overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize potential liabilities arising from our utility operations, as well as the operations of our market-based businesses. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits, exclusions and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. generally, our insurance policies cover property damage, worker's compensation, employer's liability, general liability, cybersecurity, terrorism risks and automobile liability. each policy includes deductibles or self-insured retentions and policy limits for covered claims. as a result, we may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from our insurance coverage or for which we are self-insured.
table of contents although in the past we have been generally able to obtain insurance coverage related to our business, there can be no assurance that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles.
we rely on technology to facilitate the management of our business as well as our customer and supplier relationships, and a failure or disruption of implemented technology could materially and adversely affect our business.
technology is an integral part of our business and operations, and any failure or disruption of the technology or related systems we implement could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business effectively and efficiently, which, in turn, could cause our business and competitive position to suffer and adversely affect our results of operations. we use technology systems to, among other things, bill customers, process orders, provide customer service, manage certain plant operations and construction projects, manage our financial records, track assets, remotely monitor our plants and facilities, and manage human resources, supply chain, inventory, and accounts receivable collections. as a specific example, we depend on water meters to record and communicate the amount of water our customers use, and in recent years, we have experienced greater than expected performance failures with certain water meters used in the regulated businesses. when these occur, we work with meter manufacturers to determine and address the cause of such failures. while these and other failures that we have experienced have not to date had a material adverse effect on our operations, there can be no assurance that efforts to address performance failures or other issues we may experience with water meters will be successful and that these or future failures of water meters or other issues will not have a material adverse effect on us.
although we do not believe that the technology we have implemented or may in the future implement is at a materially greater risk of failure than that used by other similar organizations, our technology and operations that use or rely on technology remain vulnerable to damage or interruption from, among other things: failure or interruption of the technology or its related systems; loss or failure of power, internet, telecommunications or data network systems; and operator error or improper operation by, the negligent or improper supervision of, or the intentional acts of, employees, contractors and other third parties. any or all of these events could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
an inability to successfully develop and implement new technologies poses substantial risks to our business and operational excellence strategies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a significant part of our long-term strategic focus on safety, operational excellence, o&m expense efficiency, water quality, asset and capital management and the customer experience includes implementing new technologies for, among other things: customer service and support; environmental compliance; water metering; water quality and source monitoring; cybersecurity; business development and growth; data analysis; employee development and training; and other initiatives. for example, we have made and plan to continue to make significant investments in developing, deploying and maintaining customer-facing technologies, applications to support field service and customer service operations, water source sensor and evaluation technologies, and data analysis and artificial intelligence technologies. where appropriate, we also seek to align these new technologies with existing technology infrastructure and systems. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in designing, developing, deploying, integrating or maintaining these new technologies. because these efforts can be long-term in nature, these new technologies may be more costly or time-consuming than expected to design, develop, integrate and complete and may not ultimately deliver the expected or desired benefits upon completion. while we have and will continue to seek to recover costs and earn a return on capital expenditures with respect to the costs and expenses of development and deployment of these new technologies in our regulated businesses, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in every instance or at all, and our inability to do so may adversely affect our ability to achieve intended o&m expense efficiencies or other key performance results and, ultimately, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our inability to efficiently upgrade and improve our operational and technology systems, or implement new systems, could result in higher than expected costs or otherwise adversely impact our internal controls environment, operations and profitability.
upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks, or the implementation of new systems, may require substantial amounts of management's time and financial resources to complete, and may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to multiple factors, including employees' ability to effectively use the new or upgraded system. we continue to implement technology to improve our business processes and customer interactions, and have installed new, and upgraded existing, technology systems. any technical or other difficulties in upgrading and improving existing or implementing new technology systems may increase costs beyond those anticipated and have an adverse or disruptive effect on our operations and reporting processes, including our internal control over financial reporting. we may also experience difficulties integrating current systems with new or upgraded systems, which may impact our ability to serve our customers effectively or efficiently. although we make efforts to minimize any adverse impact on our controls, business and operations, we cannot assure that all such impacts have been or will be mitigated, and any such impacts could harm our business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
table of contents our business has inherently dangerous work sites. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we may experience workforce or customer injuries or loss of life, and be exposed to financial losses, including penalties and other liabilities.
safety is a core value and a strategy at american water. our safety performance and progress to our ultimate desired goal of zero injuries is critical to our reputation. we maintain health and safety standards to protect our employees, customers, contractors, vendors and the public. eliminating all hazards all of the time is extremely challenging, but through strict adherence to our health and safety standards and empowering employees to stop work if deemed "unsafe," we believe we can achieve an injury-free workplace.
at our business sites, including construction and maintenance sites, our employees, contractors and others are often in close proximity to large mechanical operating equipment, moving vehicles, pressurized water, electric and gas utility lines, below grade trenches and vaults, electrical and pneumatic hazards, fall from height hazards, suspended loads, hazardous chemicals and other regulated materials. on many sites, we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement important safety procedures and practices above governmental regulatory requirements. as an essential business that must continue to provide water and wastewater services during the current covid-19 pandemic, we are focused on the care and safety of our employees, contractors, vendors, customers and others who work at or visit our worksites. if the procedures we implement are ineffective or are not followed by our employees or others, or we fail to implement procedures, our employees, contractors and others may experience illness, or minor, serious or fatal injuries. unsafe work sites have the potential to increase employee turnover, expose us to litigation and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, our operations can involve the delivery, handling and storage of hazardous chemicals, which, if improperly delivered, handled, stored or disposed of, could result in serious injury, death, environmental damage or property damage, and could subject us to penalties or other liabilities. we are also subject to various environmental, transportation and occupational health and safety regulations. although we maintain functional employee groups whose primary purpose is to implement effective health and safety work procedures and practices throughout our organization, including construction sites and operating facilities, the failure to comply with these regulations or procedures could subject us to liability.
work stoppages and other labor relations matters could adversely affect our results of operations and the ability to serve our customers.
as of december 31, 2020, approximately 45% of our workforce was represented by unions, and we had 72 collective bargaining agreements in place with 14 different unions representing our unionized employees. these collective bargaining agreements, 17 of which will expire during 2021, are subject to periodic renewal and renegotiation. we may not be able to successfully renew or renegotiate these labor contracts, or enter into new agreements, on terms that are acceptable to us. any negotiations or dispute resolution processes undertaken in connection with our labor contracts could be delayed or affected by labor actions or work stoppages. labor actions, work stoppages or the threat of work stoppages, and our failure to obtain favorable labor contract terms during renegotiations, may disrupt our operations, negatively impact the ability to serve our customers, and result in higher labor costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. while we have developed contingency plans to be implemented as necessary if a work stoppage or strike does occur, a strike or work stoppage may have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
financial, economic and market-related risks our indebtedness could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our business, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our liquidity needs.
as of december 31, 2020, our aggregate long-term and short-term debt balance (including preferred stock with mandatory redemption requirements) was $10.9 billion, and our working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) was in a deficit position. our indebtedness could have important consequences, including:
•limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital requirements or capital expenditures;
•exposing us to interest rate risk with respect to the portion of our indebtedness that bears interest at variable rates;
•impairing our access to the capital markets for debt and equity;
•requiring that an increasing portion of our cash flows from operations be dedicated to the payment of the principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for future operations, dividends on our common stock or capital expenditures;
•limiting our ability to take advantage of significant business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions; and
•placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that have less debt.
in order to meet our capital expenditure needs, we may be required to borrow additional funds under the revolving credit facility or issue a combination of new short-term and long-term debt securities and/or equity. we continue to assess our short- and long-term liquidity needs in light of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the financial and capital markets, especially with respect to the market for corporate commercial paper, which experienced volatility and shortages of liquidity in march 2020. in response to these events, in march 2020, we entered into a $750 million 364-day term loan facility and immediately executed a $500 million draw thereunder to support our short-term liquidity by retaining that amount in cash. no further borrowings may be made under the term loan facility. during 2020, we utilized other existing sources of liquidity, such as our current cash balances, cash flows from operations and borrowings under the revolving credit facility as necessary or desirable to meet our short-term liquidity requirements. we believe that existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements for the foreseeable future. however, as the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on the economy, the financial and capital markets and our operations evolve, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. in the event of a sustained market deterioration, we may need to obtain additional sources of liquidity, which would require us to evaluate available alternatives and take appropriate actions.
moreover, additional borrowings may be required to repay or refinance outstanding indebtedness. other than debt with respect to the term loan facility, debt maturities and sinking fund payments in 2021, 2022 and 2023 will be $329 million, $14 million and $356 million, respectively. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to access the debt or equity capital markets on favorable terms, if at all, to repay or refinance this debt. moreover, as new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we now face could intensify, limiting our ability to repay or refinance existing debt on favorable terms.
we have in the past entered into, and in the future may enter into, financial derivative instruments, including without limitation, interest rate swaps, forward starting swaps, swaptions and u.s. treasury lock agreements. see item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. however, these efforts may not be effective to fully mitigate interest rate risk, and may expose us to other risks and uncertainties, including quarterly "mark to market" valuation risk associated with these instruments, that could negatively and materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our ability to pay our expenses and satisfy our debt service obligations depends in significant part on our future performance, which will be affected by the financial, business, economic, competitive, legislative (including tax initiatives and reforms, and other similar legislation or regulation), regulatory and other risk factors described in this section, many of which are beyond our control. if we do not have sufficient cash flows to pay the principal and interest on our outstanding debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, reduce capital investments, sell assets, borrow additional funds or sell additional equity. in addition, if our business does not generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or if we are unable to incur indebtedness sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, we may be unable to plan for or respond to changes in our business, which could cause our financial condition, operating results and prospects to be affected materially and adversely.
our inability to access the debt or equity capital or financial markets or other events could affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs at reasonable cost and our ability to meet long-term commitments, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to cash from operations, during 2020, we generally relied primarily on a $2.25 billion revolving credit facility, a $2.10 billion commercial paper program, our $750 million 364-day term loan facility and the capital markets, to satisfy our liquidity needs. the revolving credit facility currently expires in accordance with its terms in march 2025, and the 364-day term loan facility will expire in march 2021. historically, we have regularly used our commercial paper program rather than the revolving credit facility as a principal source of short-term borrowing due to the generally more attractive rates we generally could obtain in the commercial paper market. as of december 31, 2020, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, $786 million of commercial paper outstanding, $76 million in outstanding letters of credit and $500 million outstanding under the 364-day term loan facility. there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to access this commercial paper program or revolving credit facility, when, as and if desired, or that the amount of capital available thereunder will be sufficient to meet all of our liquidity needs at a reasonable, or any, cost.
under the terms of the revolving credit facility and the 364-day term loan facility, our consolidated debt cannot exceed 70% of our consolidated capitalization, as determined under the terms of the those facilities. if our equity were to decline or debt were to increase to a level that causes us to exceed this limit, lenders under those facilities would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit under the revolving credit facility and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the revolving credit facility and/or the term loan facility immediately due and payable. to avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict our operational and financing flexibility. our ability to comply with this and other covenants contained in the revolving credit facility, the term loan facility and our table of contents other consolidated indebtedness is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond our control. for example, events that could cause a reduction in equity include, without limitation, a significant write-down of our goodwill. even if we are able to comply with this or other covenants, the limitations on our operational and financial flexibility could harm our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that we may believe would be in our best interests or the interests of our shareholders to complete.
disruptions in the capital markets or changes in our credit ratings could also limit our ability to access capital on terms favorable to us or at all. while the lending banks that participate in the revolving credit facility have to date honored their commitments under those facilities, disruptions in the credit markets, changes in our credit ratings, or deterioration of the banking industry's financial condition could discourage or prevent lenders from meeting their existing lending commitments, extending the terms of such commitments, or agreeing to new commitments. in such a case, we may not be able to access the commercial paper or debt or capital markets, or other sources of potential liquidity, in the future on terms acceptable to us or at all. furthermore, our inability to maintain, renew or replace commitments under our revolving credit facility could materially increase our cost of capital and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. short- or long-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of economic, legislative, political or other uncertainty, including as a result of the current covid-19 pandemic, changes in u.s. tax and other laws, reduced financing alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our business. any significant disruption in the capital, debt or credit markets, or financial institution failures could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the market stabilizes or until alternative financing can be arranged. such measures could include delaying or deferring capital expenditures, reducing or suspending dividend payments, and reducing other discretionary expenditures. finally, there is no assurance that we will be able to access the equity markets to obtain capital or financing when necessary or desirable and on terms that are reasonable or acceptable to us.
any of the foregoing events that impede our access to the debt or equity capital markets, or the failure of any of our lenders to meet their commitments that result from financial market disruptions, could expose us to increased interest expense, require us to institute cash conservation measures or otherwise adversely and materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.
parent company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds.
parent company is a holding company and, as such, it has no substantive operations of its own. substantially all of our consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. parent company's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or repay indebtedness to parent company. prior to paying dividends to parent company, our regulated subsidiaries must comply with applicable regulatory restrictions and financial obligations, including, for example, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends, as well as applicable corporate, tax and other laws and regulations and agreements, and our covenants and other agreements. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay or upstream dividends to parent company. a failure or inability of any of these subsidiaries to pay such dividends or repay intercompany obligations could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and parent company's ability to pay dividends on its common stock and meet its other obligations.
we may not be able to fully utilize our u.s. and state net operating loss carryforwards.
as of december 31, 2020, we had u.s. federal and state nol carryforwards of approximately $366 million and $357 million, respectively, and management believes it is more likely than not that these nol carryforwards will be recovered in the future. with the enactment in december 2017 of the tcja, we analyzed the impacts of the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% on our deferred tax assets and liabilities, including our nol carryforwards, and as a result, remeasured those nol carryforwards as of the date of enactment of the tcja based on this tax rate change.
our federal nol carryforwards will begin to expire in 2029, and our state nol carryforwards began to expire in 2020 and will continue to expire through 2040. we expect to fully utilize our federal nol balance before it expires, and our ability to do so is primarily dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient taxable income. we have, in the past, been unable to utilize certain of our state nol carryforwards, and the establishment or increase of a valuation allowance in the future would reduce our deferred income tax assets and our net income.
our actual results may differ from those estimated by management in making its assessment as to our ability to use the nol carryforwards. moreover, adoption of related interpretations with respect to the tcja and other changes in income tax laws, the economy and the general business environment could affect the future utilization of our nol carryforwards. if we are unable to fully utilize our nol carryforwards to offset taxable income generated in the future, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
table of contents we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill, and we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets, causing us to record impairments that may negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets include $1.5 billion of goodwill at december 31, 2020. the goodwill is primarily associated with the acquisition of american water by an affiliate of our previous owner in 2003, the acquisition of e'town corporation by a predecessor to our previous owner in 2001 and our acquisition of pivotal in 2018. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price the purchaser paid over the fair value of the net tangible and other intangible assets acquired. goodwill is recorded at fair value on the date of an acquisition and is reviewed annually or more frequently if changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as required by the applicable accounting rules, we have taken significant non-cash charges to operating results for goodwill impairments in the past.
we may be required to recognize an impairment of goodwill in the future due to market conditions or other factors related to our performance or the performance of an acquired business. these market conditions could include a decline over a period of time of our stock price, a decline over a period of time in valuation multiples of comparable water utilities, market price performance of our common stock that compares unfavorably to our peer companies, decreases in control premiums, or other circumstances. for example, in the third quarter of 2018, prior to our sale of our former keystone clearwater solutions ("keystone") operations, we strategically narrowed the scope of that business and, as a result, we recorded a non-cash, pre-tax impairment charge of $57 million.
a decline in the results forecasted in our business plan due to events such as changes in rate case results, capital investment budgets or interest rates, could also result in an impairment charge. recognition of impairments of goodwill would result in a charge to income in the period in which the impairment occurred, which may negatively affect our financial condition, results of operations and total capitalization. the effects of any such impairment could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain our credit ratings, secure financing on attractive terms, maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet the expectations of our regulators.
market volatility and other conditions may impact the value of benefit plan assets and liabilities, as well as assumptions related to the benefit plans, which may require us to provide significant additional funding.
the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy significant future obligations under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. the value of these assets is subject to market fluctuations and volatility, which may cause investment returns to fall below our projected return rates. as the covid-19 pandemic continued throughout 2020, the stock market would often experience significant day-to-day fluctuations in market prices. we are currently unable to predict the effect, if any, of the covid-19 pandemic or other events on the valuation of our pension assets and liabilities. a decline in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets as of the measurement date can increase the funding requirements under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. interest rates have experienced volatility and are subject to potential further adjustments based on the actions of the u.s. federal reserve, and others. if interest rates are lower at the measurement date, our liabilities would increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. further, changes in demographics, such as increases in life expectancy assumptions and increasing trends in health care costs may also increase our funding requirements. future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets may not be fully recoverable in rates, in which case our results of operations and financial position could be negatively affected. in addition, market factors can affect assumptions we use in determining funding requirements with respect to our pension and postretirement plans. for example, a relatively modest change in our assumptions regarding discount rates can materially affect our calculation of funding requirements. to the extent that market data compels us to reduce the discount rate used in our assumptions, our benefit obligations could be materially increased, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
additional risks related to our market-based businesses parent company provides performance guarantees with respect to certain of the obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits, which may adversely affect parent company if the guarantees are successfully enforced.
under the terms of certain agreements under which our market-based businesses, primarily msg, provide water and wastewater services to municipalities, other governmental entities and other customers, parent company provides guarantees of specified performance obligations of our market-based businesses, including financial guarantees or deposits. in the event our market-based businesses fail to perform these obligations, the entity holding the guarantees may seek to enforce the performance commitments against parent company or proceed against the deposit. in that event, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. at december 31, 2020, we had remaining performance commitments as measured by remaining contract revenue totaling approximately $6.2 billion related to msg's contracts, and this amount is likely to increase if the number of bases served by msg increases. the presence of these commitments may adversely affect our financial condition and make it more difficult for us to secure financing on attractive terms.
table of contents msg's operations are subject to various risks associated with doing business with the u.s. government.
msg enters into contracts with the u.s. government for the operation and maintenance of water and wastewater systems, which contracts may be terminated, in whole or in part, prior to the end of the 50-year term for convenience of the u.s. government or as a result of default or non-performance by the subsidiary performing the contract. in addition, the contract price for each of these military contracts is typically subject to either an annual economic price adjustment, or a redetermination two years after commencement of operations and every three years thereafter. annual economic price adjustment is an inflation index-based contract price increase mechanism. price redetermination is a contract mechanism to periodically adjust the service fee in the next period to reflect changes in contract obligations and anticipated market conditions. any early contract termination or unfavorable annual economic price adjustment or price redetermination could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, entering into contracts with the u.s. government subjects us to a number of operational and compliance risks, including dependence on the level of government spending and compliance with and changes in governmental procurement and security regulations. we are subject to potential government investigations of our business practices and compliance with government procurement and security regulations, which are complex, and compliance with these regulations can be expensive and burdensome. if we were charged with wrongdoing as a result of an investigation, we could be suspended or debarred from bidding on or receiving awards of new contracts with the u.s. government or our existing contracts could be terminated, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
general risk factors new accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the sec, the financial accounting standards board or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require us to change our accounting policies. these changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could also adversely affect our previously reported results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.
undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure.
our internal controls, accounting policies and practices and internal information systems are designed to enable us to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with gaap, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and other laws and regulations applicable to us. we have also implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (the "sarbanes-oxley act") and relevant sec rules, as well as other applicable regulations. such internal controls and policies have been and continue to be closely monitored by our management and board of directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. while we believe these controls, policies, practices and systems are adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the disallowance of cost recovery and non-compliant disclosure and reporting. the consequences of these events could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. the inability of management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also harm our reputation, increase financing costs or adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, licensed operators, water quality and other operating and craft personnel, and management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded for our business needs. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read together with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about the company's business, operations and financial performance. the cautionary statements made in this form 10-k should be read as applying to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this form 10-k. the company's actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those that are discussed under "forward-looking statements," item 1a-risk factors and elsewhere in this form 10-k. the company has a disclosure committee consisting of members of senior management and other key employees involved in the preparation of the company's sec reports. the committee is actively involved in the review and discussion of the company's sec filings. for a discussion and analysis of the company's financial statements for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, please refer to item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 18, 2020.
overview american water is the largest and most geographically diverse, publicly-traded water and wastewater utility company in the united states, as measured by both operating revenues and population served. the company employs approximately 7,000 professionals who provide drinking water, wastewater and other related services to over 15 million people in 46 states. the company's primary business involves the ownership of utilities that provide water and wastewater services to residential, commercial, industrial, public authority, fire service and sale for resale customers, collectively presented as the "regulated businesses." the company's utilities operate in over 1,700 communities in 16 states in the united states, with 3.5 million active customers with services provided by its water and wastewater networks. services provided by the company's utilities are subject to regulation by pucs. the company also operates market-based businesses that provide water, wastewater and other services to residential and smaller commercial customers, the u.s. government on military installations, as well as municipalities and utility customers, collectively presented as the "market-based businesses." these market-based businesses are not subject to economic regulation by state pucs. see item 1-business for additional information.
novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic update american water has been monitoring the global impact of covid-19 pandemic and has taken steps to mitigate adverse impacts to the company. the company has three main areas of focus as part of its response to covid-19: the care and safety of its employees; the safety of its customers and the communities it serves; and the execution of its business continuity plan. american water continues to work with its vendors to prevent disruptions in its supply chain, and, at this time, has not experienced, and does not anticipate, any material negative impacts. the company has also been monitoring the impacts of the pandemic on its access to the capital markets, and to the extent such access is adversely affected, american water may need to consider alternative sources of funding for its operations and for working capital, any of which could increase its cost of capital.
this pandemic continues to evolve, and american water continues to monitor developments affecting its employees, customers, contractors and vendors and will take additional actions as warranted. to date, the company has experienced covid-19 financial impacts, including an increase in uncollectible accounts expense, additional debt costs, and certain incremental operation and maintenance ("o&m") expenses. the company has also experienced decreased revenues as a result of the suspension of late fees and foregone reconnect fees. these impacts are collectively referred to as "financial impacts." see note 3-impact of novel coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information. the extent to which covid-19 may further impact american water, including without limitation, its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations, will depend on future developments, which presently cannot be predicted.
as of february 24, 2021, american water has commission orders authorizing deferred accounting for covid-19 financial impacts in 11 of 14 jurisdictions, with proceedings in two jurisdictions pending. in addition to approving deferred accounting, to date, two regulatory jurisdictions have also approved cost recovery mechanisms for specified covid-19 financial impacts. regulatory actions to date are presented in the table below:
commission actions               description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           states orders issued                    allows the company to establish regulatory assets to record certain financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ca, hi, ia, il, in, md, mo, nj, pa, va, wv cost recovery mechanisms         california's catastrophic event memorandum account allows the company to track and recover certain financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic. illinois has authorized cost recovery of covid-19 financial impacts through a special purpose rider over a 24-month period, which was implemented by the company's illinois subsidiary effective october 1, 2020. additionally, illinois approved a bad debt rider tariff on december 16, 2020. this rider will allow the company to collect actual bad debt expense over last authorized beginning march 2021 over a 24-month period.         ca, il proceedings pending              pending proceedings considering deferred accounting authorization for the future recovery of covid-19 financial impacts.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ny, tn consistent with these regulatory orders, the company has recorded $30 million in regulatory assets and $4 million of regulatory liabilities for the financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020. on december 30, 2020, the company's kentucky subsidiary received an order denying its request to defer to a regulatory asset the financial impacts related to the covid-19 pandemic.
as of february 24, 2021, six states have ordered active moratoria on the suspension of service disconnections due to non-payment. the moratoria on disconnects have expired in eight states. the company continues to monitor the evolving covid-19 pandemic and will continue to comply with the current ordered moratoria and any future moratoria implemented.
financing activities to ensure adequate liquidity given the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on debt and capital markets, on march 20, 2020, parent company and american water capital corp. ("awcc"), parent company's wholly owned finance subsidiary, entered into a term loan credit agreement that provides for a 364-day term loan facility of up to $750 million (the "term loan facility"). on march 20, 2020, awcc borrowed $500 million under the term loan facility, the proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes of awcc and american water, and to provide additional liquidity. the term loan facility allowed for a single additional borrowing of up to $250 million, which expired unused on june 19, 2020. see note 13-short-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on april 14, 2020, awcc completed a $1.0 billion debt offering which included the sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.80% senior notes due 2030 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.45% senior notes due 2050. net proceeds of this offering were used to lend funds to parent company and its regulated subsidiaries, repay various senior notes and regulated subsidiary debt obligations at maturity, repay commercial paper obligations and short-term indebtedness under awcc's unsecured revolving credit facility, and for general corporate purposes. see note 12-long-term debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the company sought to take advantage of lower interest rates available in the capital markets in 2020 by refinancing long-term debt, where possible. in 2020, awcc and the company's regulated subsidiaries issued in the aggregate $311 million of private activity bonds and government funded debt in multiple transactions with annual interest rates ranging from 0.60% to 1.20%, maturing in 2023 to 2027. the company used these proceeds to retire an aggregate of $311 million of long-term debt issues at maturity with annual interest rates ranging from 4.45% to 5.60%.
financial results for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, diluted earnings per share (gaap) were $3.91, $3.43 and $3.15, respectively. in 2020, as compared to 2019, diluted earnings per share increased $0.48. this increase was primarily driven by continued growth in the regulated businesses from infrastructure investment, acquisitions and organic growth, as well as the benefit from depreciation expense related to the assets of the company's new york subsidiary, as required by assets held for sale accounting. revenues increased as a result of warmer and drier than normal weather during the third quarter of 2020 across several of the company's subsidiaries, contributing a benefit of $0.07 per diluted share for 2020. revenues from the company's residential customers increased from many states experiencing work from home activities due to the covid-19 pandemic, which were largely offset by decreased revenues from the company's commercial and industrial customers as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. partially offsetting these increases were estimated impacts from the covid-19 pandemic on hos from increased claims that likely have resulted from more work from home activity. during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recognized a loss of $0.19 per diluted share, relating to the sale of its keystone operations. additionally, during the first quarter of 2019, the company recorded a benefit of $0.01 per diluted share from the reduction of the liability related to the freedom industries chemical spill settlement in west virginia.
growth-through capital investment in infrastructure and regulated acquisitions, as well as strategic growth opportunities in the market-based businesses the company expects to continue to grow its businesses, with the majority of its growth to be achieved in the regulated businesses through (i) continued capital investment in the company's infrastructure to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to its customers, and (ii) regulated acquisitions to expand the company's services to new customers. the company also expects to continue to grow the market-based businesses, which leverages its core water and wastewater competencies. in 2020, the company invested $1.9 billion, primarily in the regulated businesses, as discussed below:
regulated businesses growth and optimization
•$1.8 billion capital investment in the regulated businesses, the majority for infrastructure improvements and replacements; and
•$135 million to fund acquisitions in the regulated businesses, which added approximately 37,800 water and wastewater customers during 2020, in addition to approximately 14,500 customers added through organic growth during 2020.
during 2021, the company closed on the acquisition of two regulated water and wastewater systems adding approximately 600 customers, for a total aggregate purchase price of $3 million. as of february 24, 2021, the company has entered into agreements for pending acquisitions in the regulated businesses to add approximately 30,000 additional customers.
sale of new york american water company, inc.
on november 20, 2019, the company and the company's new york subsidiary entered into a stock purchase agreement with liberty, pursuant to which liberty will purchase all of the capital stock of the new york subsidiary for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $608 million in cash, subject to adjustment as provided in the stock purchase agreement. the company's regulated new york operations have approximately 125,000 customers in the state of new york. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-sale of new york american water company, inc. for additional information. the assets and related liabilities of the new york subsidiary were classified as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2020. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
market-based businesses growth msg was awarded the contract for ownership, operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater systems at joint base lewis-mcchord in washington state, effective september 24, 2020. joint base lewis-mcchord is comprised of fort lewis and mcchord air force base. the joint base has a population of approximately 115,000, comprised of 40,000 active personnel, 60,000 family members and 15,000 civilian and contract employees. the total contract award includes estimated revenues of approximately $771 million over a 50-year period, subject to an annual economic price adjustment.
future growth looking forward, the company expects to invest between $10.3 billion to $10.5 billion from 2021 to 2025, and between $22 billion to $25 billion from 2021 to 2030, including $1.9 billion in 2021. the company's expected future investments include:
•capital investment for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses of $8.9 billion over the next five years, and between $19 billion and $21 billion over the next 10 years, including $1.6 billion expected in 2021; and
•growth from acquisitions in the regulated businesses to expand the company's water and wastewater customer base of between $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion over the next five years, and between $3 billion to $4 billion over the next 10 years, including $300 million expected in 2021.
presented in the following chart is the estimated allocation of the company's expected capital investment for infrastructure improvements in its regulated businesses over the next five years, by purpose:
operational excellence the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio, which is used as a measure of the operating performance of the regulated businesses, was 34.3% for the year ended december 31, 2020, compared to 34.5% and for the year ended december 31, 2019. the improvement in this ratio reflects the continued focus on operating costs, as well as an increase in operating revenues for the regulated businesses.
the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio is a non-gaap measure, and is defined by the company as its operation and maintenance expenses from the regulated businesses, divided by the operating revenues from the regulated businesses, where both operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues were adjusted to eliminate purchased water expense. also excluded from operation and maintenance expenses are the allocable portion of non-operation and maintenance support services costs, mainly depreciation and general taxes, which are reflected in the regulated businesses segment as operation and maintenance expenses, but for consolidated financial reporting purposes, are categorized within other line items in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. additionally, the company excluded the impact of certain freedom industries chemical spill settlement activities recognized in 2018 and 2019 from operation and maintenance expenses (see note 17-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information). the items discussed above were excluded from the calculation as they are not reflective of management's ability to increase the efficiency of the regulated businesses.
the company evaluates its operating performance using this ratio, and believes it is useful to investors because it directly measures improvement in the operating performance and efficiency of the regulated businesses. this information is derived from the company's consolidated financial information but is not presented in its financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. this information supplements and should be read in conjunction with the company's gaap disclosures, and should be considered as an addition to, and not a substitute for, any gaap measure. the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio (i) is not an accounting measure that is based on gaap; (ii) is not based on a standard, objective industry definition or method of calculation; (iii) may not be comparable to other companies' operating measures; and (iv) should not be used in place of the gaap information provided elsewhere in this form 10-k.
presented in the table below is the calculation of the company's adjusted regulated o&m efficiency ratio and a reconciliation that compares operation and maintenance expenses and operating revenues, each as determined in accordance with gaap, to those amounts utilized in the calculation of its adjusted o&m efficiency ratio:
total operation and maintenance expenses                                      $1,622                          $1,544                          $1,479
operation and maintenance expenses-market-based businesses                       389                             393                             362
operation and maintenance expenses-other                                        (25)                            (31)                            (42)
total operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses                  1,258                           1,182                           1,159
allocation of non-operation and maintenance expenses                              41                              31                              31
impact of freedom industries settlement activities (a)                             -                             (4)                            (20)
adjusted operation and maintenance expenses-regulated businesses (i)          $1,068                          $1,020                          $1,015
total operating revenues                                                      $3,777                          $3,610                          $3,440
operating revenues-market-based businesses                                       540                             539                             476
operating revenues-other                                                        (18)                            (23)                            (20)
total operating revenues-regulated businesses                                  3,255                           3,094                           2,984
adjusted operating revenues-regulated businesses (ii)                         $3,113                          $2,959                          $2,851
adjusted o&amp;m efficiency ratio-regulated businesses (i) / (ii)               34.3    %                       34.5    %                       35.6    %
(a)    includes the impact of a settlement in 2018 with one of the company's general liability insurance carriers, and a reduction in the first quarter of 2019 of a liability, each related to the freedom industries chemical spill.
(a)the $39 million base rate increase was effective on november 1, 2020, which is net of excess accumulated deferred income taxes ("eadit") of $15 million being returned to customers. the unprotected eadit balance of $133 million is being returned to customers over 15 years. the $39 million rate increase was further reduced by a bill credit, for a 10-month period beginning november 1, 2020 for both the protected and unprotected catch up period eadit of $32.5 million. the catch up period of january 1, 2018 through october 31, 2020 covers the period from when the lower federal tax rate went into effect until new base rates went into effect. the $40 million rate increase was effective on june 15, 2018. as part of the resolution of the general rate case in 2018, the company's new jersey subsidiary's customers received refunds for the amount of provisional rates implemented as of june 15, 2018 that exceeded the final rate increase plus interest.
(b)the company's indiana subsidiary received an order approving a joint settlement agreement with all major parties with respect to its general rate case filing, authorizing annualized incremental revenues of $4 million in the first rate year, effective july 1, 2019, and $13 million in the second rate year, effective may 1, 2020.
(d)the company's virginia subsidiary received an order approving increased water revenues by $1 million, inclusive of water & wastewater infrastructure service charge ("wwisc") revenues of $1 million, and decreased wastewater revenue by $1 million, for a net zero award including wwisc, or an overall decrease of $1 million excluding wwisc. unprotected eadit is being returned to customers over eight years, and base rates include a reduction of $1 million for eadit.
due in part to the covid-19 pandemic, the nyspsc approved, through a series of orders, the company's new york subsidiary's request to postpone the previously approved step increase, originally scheduled to go into effect april 1, 2020 until may 1, 2021. the orders provided a make whole provision to recover the delayed revenues with no earnings impact. these delays impact rates for all metered and fire customers, which the company is authorized to recover in a make-whole surcharge beginning may 1, 2021.
pending general rate case filings on august 28, 2020, the company's iowa subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $3 million in annualized incremental revenues. office of consumer advocate ("oca") and intervenor direct testimony was filed on december 17, 2020 and cross-reply testimony was filed on december 31, 2020. the company's iowa subsidiary reply testimony was filed on january 14, 2021, and oca rebuttal testimony was filed on february 8, 2021. evidentiary hearings are scheduled to start march 3, 2021. an order is anticipated by april 30, 2021 with new rates effective by july 1, 2021.
on june 30, 2020, the company's missouri subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $78 million in annualized incremental revenues. on august 26, 2020, the missouri public service commission (the "mpsc") issued an order setting the test year and adopting a procedural schedule. revenue requirement direct testimony was submitted on november 24, 2020 for all non-company parties, and a technical conference was held on december 3, 2020. cost of service and rate design direct testimony was submitted on december 9, 2020 for all non-company parties. rebuttal testimony was submitted on january 15, 2021 for revenue requirement and on january 22, 2021 for rate design, and true-up data was filed on january 29, 2021, which included known and measurable changes through december 31, 2020. settlement conferences commenced on february 16, 2021. a motion to suspend procedural schedule was filed on february 23, 2021 with the mpsc by all parties to the proceeding. the mpsc issued an order effective february 24, 2021 suspending the procedural schedule to allow for either a stipulation and agreement or a status report to be filed no later than february 26, 2021.
on april 29, 2020, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $92 million and $46 million in annualized incremental revenues for rate year 1 and rate year 2, respectively. on october 30, 2020, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary and the bureau of investigation and enforcement entered into a settlement agreement providing for a total annualized revenue increase of $71 million over a two-year period. in november 2020, the company's pennsylvania subsidiary and the remaining active parties in the case presented their positions in briefs to the administrative law judge, who issued to the pennsylvania public utility commission (the "papuc") a recommended decision approving the settlement. the procedural schedule in this case was extended to march 15, 2021. the company expects the papuc to issue a final order in the near term, and once approved by the papuc, new water and wastewater rates will be effective january 28, 2021.
on july 1, 2019, the company's california subsidiary filed a general rate case requesting $26 million in annualized incremental revenues for 2021 and increases of $10 million and $11 million in the escalation year of 2022 and the attrition year of 2023, respectively. on october 11, 2019, the company filed its 100 day update for the same proceeding and updated the request to $27 million in annualized incremental revenues for 2021, and increases of $10 million and $10 million in the escalation year of 2022 and the attrition year of 2023, respectively. on september 10, 2020, the cpuc approved the company's california subsidiary's motion for interim rates, establishing a memorandum account to track the difference between interim and final rates adopted by the cpuc in this proceeding, which were effective on january 1, 2021. following settlement discussions among all parties to the proceeding, on january 22, 2021 and january 25, 2021, the company's california subsidiary filed with the cpuc a comprehensive settlement entered into among the company's california subsidiary, the public advocates office, and other intervenors. these settlement agreements resolved all matters in dispute among the parties to the settlements. these settlements as well as resolution of issues raised by non-settling parties are now before the cpuc for approval.
on january 22, 2020, the company's california subsidiary submitted a request to delay by one year its cost of capital filing and maintain its current authorized cost of capital through 2021. on march 12, 2020, the cpuc granted the request for a one year extension of the cost of capital filing to may 1, 2021, to set its authorized cost of capital beginning january 1, 2022. on january 5, 2021, the company's california subsidiary submitted a request to further delay by one year its cost of capital filing and maintain the authorized cost of capital through 2022. on february 22, 2021, the cpuc denied the request to further delay the cost of capital filing. the company's california subsidiary will submit a cost of capital application by may 1, 2021, with a new authorized cost of capital beginning january 1, 2022.
infrastructure surcharges a number of states have authorized the use of regulatory mechanisms that permit rates to be adjusted outside of a general rate case for certain costs and investments, such as infrastructure surcharge mechanisms that permit recovery of capital investments to replace aging infrastructure. presented in the table below are annualized incremental revenues, assuming a constant water sales volume, resulting from infrastructure surcharge authorizations that became effective during 2018 through 2020:
on may 29, 2020, the company's new york subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge requesting $1 million in additional annualized revenues. new rates related to this infrastructure surcharge were first deferred until january 1, 2021. thereafter, on december 30, 2020, the nyspsc ordered the postponement of rate changes until may 1, 2021, which will be recoverable, with interest, through a separate, make-whole recovery mechanism commencing may 1, 2021 through march 31, 2022.
tax matters cares act in march 2020, the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act") was signed into law. the cares act includes certain tax relief provisions applicable to the company including: (i) the immediate refund of the corporate alternative minimum tax credit; (ii) the ability to carryback net operating losses for five years for tax years 2018 through 2020; and (iii) delayed payment of employer payroll taxes. the cares act did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
tax cuts and jobs act on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law, which, among other things, enacted significant and complex changes to the code, including a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% as of january 1, 2018. the enactment of the tcja required a re-measurement of the company's deferred income taxes. the portion of this re-measurement related to the regulated businesses was substantially offset by a regulatory liability as eadit will be used to benefit the company's regulated customers in future rates. nine of the company's regulated subsidiaries are amortizing eadit and crediting customers, including one which is using the eadit to offset future infrastructure investments. the company expects the timing of the amortization of eadit credits by the five remaining regulated subsidiaries to be addressed in pending or future rate cases or other proceedings. when crediting eadit to the customer, the company records both a reduction to revenue and a reduction to income tax expense, having no material impact on net income.
federal net operating loss the company had a federal nol carryover balance of $366 million as of december 31, 2020 that is expected to be fully utilized during 2021, after which time the company expects that it will become a cash taxpayer for federal income tax purposes.
legislative updates during 2020, the company's regulatory jurisdictions enacted the following legislation that has been approved and is effective as of february 24, 2021:
•indiana house enrolled act 1131 establishes an appraisal process for non-municipal utilities to establish fair value and creates a presumption that the appraised value is a reasonable purchase price. additionally, all new municipal systems will now be regulated for 10 years.
•indiana senate enrolled act 254 authorizes recovery without a full rate case for service enhancements for health, safety or environmental concerns for above ground infrastructure, and exempts relocation from distribution system improvement charge recovery caps.
•west virginia senate bill 551 allows for expanded asset valuation, combined water and wastewater ratemaking and the expansion of how municipalities can utilize proceeds from the sale of a water or wastewater system.
•west virginia senate bill 739 allows the public service commission of west virginia to force utility management changes up to and including an acquisition of a distressed or failing water or wastewater system, based on financial, managerial and technical ability among other factors, by a neighboring system that has the ability to assume control and protect consumers. the bill also includes guidance for customer notification, commission orders, and new rate mechanisms for cost recovery of these acquisitions.
•iowa amended hf2452 legislation, which gives the iowa utilities board 180 days to approve acquisitions and allows systems to qualify as a distressed system when they do not have a certified operator.
•missouri house bill 2120 requires most small community water utilities to establish a cyber security plan and valve and hydrant inspection program with reporting to the department of natural resources certifying compliance with these provisions upon request.
•virginia senate bill 831 directs the virginia state corporation commission to establish fair market value for the state, and the legislation authorizes a water or sewer public utility acquiring a water or sewer system to elect to have its rate base established by using the fair market value. the virginia state corporation commission issued an order on august 27, 2020 adopting the proposed rules governing water or wastewater utility applications seeking fair valuation of acquisitions of municipal water or wastewater systems effective as of october 1, 2020.
in september 2020, the cpuc released a decision under its low-income rate payer assistance program rulemaking that will require the company's california subsidiary to file a proposal to alter its water revenue adjustment mechanism in its next general rate case filing in 2022, which would become effective in january 2024. on october 5, 2020, the company's california subsidiary filed an application for rehearing of the decision.
consolidated results of operations presented in the table below are the company's consolidated results of operations:
operating revenues                                          $3,777                          $3,610                          $3,440
operating expenses:
operation and maintenance                                    1,622                           1,544                           1,479
impairment charge                                                -                               -                              57
total operating expenses, net                                2,529                           2,440                           2,338
operating income                                             1,248                           1,170                           1,102
non-operating benefit costs, net                                49                              16                              20
segment results of operations the company's operating segments are comprised of the revenue-generating components of its business for which separate financial information is internally produced and regularly used by management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. the company operates its business primarily through one reportable segment, the regulated businesses segment. the company also operates market-based businesses that, individually, do not meet the criteria of a reportable segment in accordance with gaap, and are collectively presented as the market-based businesses, which is consistent with how management assesses the results of these businesses. for a discussion and analysis of the company's financial statements for fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018, please refer to item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 18, 2020.
regulated businesses segment presented in the table below is financial information for the regulated businesses:
operating revenues                                       $3,255                          $3,094                          $2,984
operation and maintenance                                 1,258                           1,182                           1,159
operating revenues presented in the tables below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating revenues:
water services:
fire service                           147                             142                             137
total water services                 3,028                           2,884                           2,768
wastewater services:
total water services                   185                             167                             161
total operating revenues            $3,255                          $3,094                          $2,984
(a)includes other operating revenues consisting primarily of miscellaneous utility charges, fees and rents.
billed water services volumes:
fire service, public and other               49,031                          50,501                          50,651
total billed water services volumes         338,534                         336,481                         344,482
in 2020, as compared to 2019, operating revenues increased $161 million primarily due to: (i) $122 million increase from authorized rate increases, including infrastructure surcharges, principally from infrastructure investment in various states; (ii) $36 million increase from water and wastewater acquisitions, as well as organic growth in existing systems; (iii) $16 million increase in demand, primarily driven by (a) weather, including warmer and drier than normal weather in the third quarter of 2020 and unusually wet weather conditions experienced in the northeast and midwest during the second quarter of 2019, and (b) increases in demand from the company's residential customers in several states due to an increase in work from home activities resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, substantially offset by decreases in demand from the company's commercial and industrial customers due to the covid-19 pandemic; and (iv) $13 million decrease in other operating revenues due to eadit being returned to customers, including in the company's new jersey subsidiary as part of the general rate case which became effective on november 1, 2020.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the regulated businesses' operating and maintenance expense, with explanations for material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
operating supplies and services                 242                             237                             227
maintenance materials and supplies               84                              74                              81
customer billing and accounting                  58                              55                              60
other benefits                  28                            27                            26
in 2020, as compared to 2019, employee-related costs increased $33 million primarily due to: (i) $19 million increase in salaries and wages from higher headcount and related compensation expense supporting growth in the businesses; (ii) $5 million increase in group insurance due to higher premiums in 2020; and (iii) $8 million increase in pension service costs.
operating supplies and services in 2020, as compared to 2019, operating supplies and services increased $5 million primarily due to technology services.
maintenance materials and supplies in 2020, as compared to 2019, maintenance materials and supplies increased $10 million primarily due to an increase in planned deferred maintenance and tank painting projects in the company's new jersey subsidiary and an increase in other maintenance costs across several of the company's subsidiaries.
other (operation and maintenance)
in 2020, as compared to 2019, other (operation and maintenance) increased $7 million primarily due to a $4 million reduction to the liability related to the freedom industries chemical spill, recorded in the first quarter of 2019 and higher property insurance premiums during 2020.
depreciation and amortization in 2020, as compared to 2019, depreciation and amortization increased $33 million primarily due to additional utility plant placed in service, partially offset by the pre-tax benefit of $14 million for the year ended december 31, 2020, from depreciation expense not recorded related to the assets of the company's new york subsidiary, as required by assets held for sale accounting.
in 2020, as compared to 2019, other income (expenses) increased $41 million primarily due to the reduction in the non-service cost components of pension and other postretirement benefits expense resulting from higher asset returns.
market-based businesses presented in the table below is information for the market-based businesses, with explanations for material variances provided in the ensuing discussions:
operating revenues                                          $540                          $539                          $476
operation and maintenance                                    389                           393                           362
impairment charge                                              -                             -                            57
operating revenues in 2020, as compared to 2019, operating revenues increased $1 million primarily due to: (i) $49 million increase in msg from increased capital upgrades, and the addition of two new military contracts in 2019 (joint base san antonio and the united states military academy at west point, new york); (ii) $14 million increase in hos primarily from price increases for existing customers and contract growth; (iii) $48 million decrease from the sale of the company's keystone operations in the fourth quarter of 2019; (iv) $9 million decrease from the expiration of the company's contract with the township of edison, new jersey in 2019; and (v) $5 million decrease from the sale and termination of several of csg's o&m contracts during 2019.
operation and maintenance presented in the table below is information regarding the main components of the market-based businesses' operating and maintenance expense:
operating supplies and services              $148                          $128                          $142
maintenance materials and supplies            114                           109                            69
depreciation and amortization in 2020, as compared to 2019, depreciation and amortization decreased $11 million primarily due to the sale of the company's keystone operations in the fourth quarter of 2019.
loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases during the fourth quarter of 2019, the company recognized a pre-tax loss on sale of $44 million, or $35 million after-tax, relating to the sale of its keystone operations. see note 6-acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
liquidity and capital resources the company regularly evaluates and monitors its cash requirements for capital investments, acquisitions, operations, commitments, debt maturities, interest and dividends. the company's business is capital intensive, with a majority of this capital funded by cash flows from operations. when necessary, the company also obtains funds from external sources, primarily in the debt markets and through short-term commercial paper borrowings. the company may also access the equity capital markets to support its capital funding requirements, as needed. the company's access to external financing on reasonable terms depends on its credit ratings and current business conditions, including that of the utility and water utility industry in general, as well as conditions in the debt or equity capital markets, and the national and international economic and geopolitical arenas. disruptions in the credit markets may discourage lenders from extending the terms of such commitments or agreeing to new commitments. market disruptions may also limit the company's ability to issue debt and equity securities in the capital markets.
if these business, market, financial and other conditions deteriorate to the extent that the company is no longer able to access the capital markets on reasonable terms, awcc has access to an unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in march 2025 with aggregate bank commitments of $2.25 billion. the facility is used principally to fulfill the company's short-term liquidity needs by supporting awcc's $2.10 billion commercial paper program and to provide a sublimit of up to $150 million for letters of credit. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to $500 million.
in order to meet short-term liquidity needs, awcc issues commercial paper that is supported by its revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2020, awcc had no outstanding borrowings and $76 million of outstanding letters of credit under its revolving credit facility, with $1.39 billion available to fulfill its short-term liquidity needs and to issue letters of credit. the company believes that its ability to access the debt and equity capital markets, the revolving credit facility and cash flows from operations will generate sufficient cash to fund the company's short-term requirements. the company believes it has sufficient liquidity and the ability to manage its expenditures, should there be a disruption of the capital and credit markets. however, there can no assurance that the lenders will be able to meet existing commitments to awcc under the revolving credit facility, or that awcc will be able to access the commercial paper or loan markets in the future on acceptable terms or at all. see credit facilities and short-term debt below for additional information.
to ensure adequate liquidity given the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on debt and capital markets, on march 20, 2020, awcc entered into a term loan credit agreement, by and among parent company, awcc and the lenders party thereto, which provided for the term loan facility of up to $750 million. on march 20, 2020, awcc borrowed $500 million under the term loan facility, the proceeds of which were used for general corporate purposes of awcc and american water, and to provide additional liquidity. the term loan facility allowed for a single additional borrowing of up to $250 million, which expired unused on june 19, 2020. the term loan facility commitments terminate on march 19, 2021. as of december 31, 2020, $500 million of principal was outstanding under the term loan facility.
the company uses its capital resources, including cash, primarily to (i) fund operating and capital requirements, (ii) pay interest and meet debt maturities, (iii) pay dividends, (iv) fund acquisitions, (v) fund pension and postretirement benefit obligations, and (vi) the company estimates, during 2021, to begin to pay federal income taxes. the company invests a significant amount of cash on regulated capital projects where it expects to earn a long-term return on investment. additionally, the company operates in rate regulated environments in which the amount of new investment recovery may be limited, and where such recovery generally takes place over an extended period of time, and certain capital recovery is also subject to regulatory lag. see item 1-business-regulated businesses-regulation and rate making for additional information. the company expects to fund future maturities of long-term debt through a combination of external debt and, to the extent available, cash flows from operations. since the company expects its capital investments over the next few years to be greater than its cash flows from operating activities, the company currently plans to fund the excess of its capital investments over its cash flows from operating activities for the next five years through a combination of long-term debt and equity. if necessary, the company may delay certain capital investments or other funding requirements, or pursue financing from other sources to preserve liquidity. in this event, the company believes it can rely upon cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and fund its minimum required capital investments for an extended period of time.
cash flows provided by operating activities cash flows provided by operating activities primarily result from the sale of water and wastewater services and, due to the seasonality of demand, are generally greater during the warmer months. the company's future cash flows provided by operating activities will be affected by, among other things: the company's customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, economic utility regulation inflation; compliance with environmental, health and safety standards; production costs; maintenance costs; customer growth; declining customer usage of water; employee-related costs, including pension funding; weather and seasonality; taxes; and overall economic conditions.
cash flows provided by operating activities have been a reliable, steady source of funding, sufficient to meet operating requirements and fund the majority of the company's capital investments. the company expects to seek access to debt and equity capital markets to meet the balance of its capital investment, if any, and fund its dividend payments, as needed. operating cash flows can be negatively affected by changes in the company's rate regulated environments, changes in the market-based businesses, changes in the economy, interest rates, the timing of tax payments, and the company's customers' ability to pay for service in a timely manner, among other items. the company can provide no assurance that its customers' historical payment pattern will continue in the future. the company's current liabilities may exceed current assets mainly from debt maturities due within one year and the use of short-term debt as a funding source, primarily to meet scheduled maturities of long-term debt, fund acquisitions and construction projects, as well as cash needs which can fluctuate significantly due to the seasonality of the business. the company addresses cash timing differences through the aforementioned liquidity funding mechanisms.
presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows provided by operating activities:
deferred income taxes and amortization of investment tax credits              207                             208                             195
non-cash impairment charge                                                      -                               -                              57
changes in working capital (b)                                               (49)                             (1)                              30
settlement of cash flow hedges                                                (6)                            (30)                               -
pension and postretirement healthcare contributions                          (39)                            (31)                            (22)
impact of freedom industries settlement activities                              -                             (4)                            (40)
net cash flows provided by operating activities                            $1,426                          $1,383                          $1,386
(a)includes provision for losses on accounts receivable, loss (gain) on asset dispositions and purchases, pension and non-pension postretirement benefits and other non-cash, net. details of each component can be found on the consolidated statements of cash flows.
(b)changes in working capital include changes to receivables and unbilled revenues, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and other current assets and liabilities, net, less the settlement of cash flow hedges.
in 2020, cash flows provided by operating activities increased $43 million, primarily due to an increase in net income and the decrease in cash paid for the settlement of cash flow hedges in 2020 compared to the prior year in connection with awcc's 2020 and 2019 debt offerings. the main factors contributing to the increase in net income are described in "consolidated results of operations" and "segment results of operations" above. partially offsetting these increases was a change in working capital, primarily resulting from the following: (i) an increase in accounts receivable, net due to increased revenues compared to the same period in the prior year and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic in 2020; (ii) an increase in unbilled revenues as a result of msg achieving significant capital project milestones during 2020; (iii) a decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to the timing of both capital projects and invoices; and (iv) a partial offset due to the change in other current assets.
the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of $37 million in 2021. in addition, the company estimates that contributions will amount to $37 million, $35 million, $33 million and $30 million in 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change materially from these estimates as a result of changes in assumptions and actual investment returns, among other factors.
cash flows used in investing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows used in investing activities:
capital expenditures                                                       $(1,822)                          $(1,654)                          $(1,586)
acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                            (135)                             (235)                             (398)
proceeds from sale of assets                                                      2                                48                                35
in 2020, cash flows used in investing activities increased $116 million primarily due to continued investment across all infrastructure categories, mainly replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution and treatment and pumping infrastructure in the company's regulated businesses, as discussed below. additionally, proceeds from the sale of assets were higher in 2019 compared to 2020, due to the sale of keystone for $31 million, in the fourth quarter of 2019. partially offsetting these increases was a decrease in acquisitions in 2020 compared to 2019.
the company's infrastructure investment plan consists of both infrastructure renewal programs, where the company replaces infrastructure, as needed, and major capital investment projects, where the company constructs new water and wastewater treatment and delivery facilities to meet new customer growth and water quality regulations. the company's projected capital expenditures and other investments are subject to periodic review and revision to reflect changes in economic conditions and other factors.
presented in the table below is a summary of the company's capital expenditures by category:
services, meter and fire hydrants               333                             346                             303
sources of supply                                54                              83                              26
total capital expenditures                   $1,822                          $1,654                          $1,586
in 2020, the company's capital expenditures increased $168 million primarily due to investment in transmission and distribution and treatment and pumping infrastructure.
the company also grows its business primarily through acquisitions of water and wastewater systems, as well as other water-related services. these acquisitions are generally located in geographic proximity to the company's existing regulated businesses and support continued geographical diversification and growth of its operations. generally, acquisitions are funded initially with short-term debt, and later refinanced with long-term financing, once reflected in rate base. during 2020, the company paid $135 million for the acquisition of 23 water and wastewater systems, representing in the aggregate approximately 37,800 customers.
as previously noted, the company expects to invest between $10.3 billion to $10.5 billion from 2021 to 2025, with $8.9 billion of this range for infrastructure improvements in the regulated businesses, and between $22 billion to $25 billion from 2021 to 2030. in 2021, the company expects to invest $1.9 billion, with $1.6 billion for infrastructure improvements and $300 million for acquisitions in the regulated businesses.
cash flows from financing activities presented in the table below is a summary of the major items affecting the company's cash flows provided by financing activities:
repayments of long-term debt                              (342)                           (495)                           (526)
net repayments of short-term borrowings                     (5)                           (178)                              60
proceeds from issuance of common stock                        -                               -                             183
(a)includes proceeds from issuances of common stock under various employee stock plans and the company's dividend reinvestment plan, net of taxes paid, advances and contributions in aid of construction, net of refunds, and debt issuance costs and make-whole premiums on early debt redemption.
in 2020, cash flows provided by financing activities increased $626 million, primarily due to the $500 million borrowed under the term loan facility during the first quarter of 2020, lower net repayments of commercial paper borrowings and no anti-dilutive stock repurchases in 2020, partially offset by higher dividends paid in 2020.
the company's financing activities, primarily focused on funding regulated infrastructure expenditures, regulated and market-based acquisitions and payment of dividends. these activities included the issuance of long-term and short-term debt, primarily through awcc and in 2018, an equity issuance to fund approximately 50% of the purchase price of the pivotal acquisition. based on the needs of the regulated businesses and the company, awcc may borrow funds or issue its debt in the capital markets and then, through intercompany loans, provide those borrowings to the regulated businesses and parent company. the regulated businesses and parent company are obligated to pay their portion of the respective principal and interest to awcc, in the amount necessary to enable awcc to meet its debt service obligations. parent company's borrowings are not a source of capital for the regulated businesses, therefore, parent company is not able to recover the interest charges on its debt through regulated water and wastewater rates. as of december 31, 2020, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to the regulated businesses amounting to $5.4 billion and $718 million, respectively, in addition to the $500 million outstanding on the term loan facility. additionally, as of december 31, 2020, awcc has made long-term fixed rate loans and commercial paper loans to parent company amounting $2.8 billion and $68 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2020, parent company has made long-term fixed rate loans to the market-based businesses amounting to $183 million related to the acquisition of pivotal on june 4, 2018.
on april 14, 2020, awcc completed a $1.0 billion debt offering which included the sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.80% senior notes due 2030 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.45% senior notes due 2050. at the closing of the offering, awcc received, after deduction of underwriting discounts and before deduction of offering expenses, net proceeds of $989 million. awcc used the net proceeds to: (i) lend funds to parent company and its regulated subsidiaries; (ii) fund sinking fund payments for, and to repay at maturity, $28 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding long-term debt of awcc and certain of the company's regulated subsidiaries; (iii) repay awcc's commercial paper obligations and short-term indebtedness under awcc's $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility; and (iv) for general corporate purposes.
one of the principal market risks to which the company is exposed is changes in interest rates. in order to manage the exposure, the company follows risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative contracts such as swaps. the company reduces exposure to interest rates by managing commercial paper and debt maturities. the company does not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes and does not use leveraged instruments. the derivative contracts entered into are for periods consistent with the related underlying exposures. the company is exposed to the risk that counterparties to derivative contracts will fail to meet their contractual obligations. the company minimizes the counterparty credit risk on these transactions by only dealing with leading, credit-worthy financial institutions, having long-term credit ratings of "a" or better.
on april 8, 2020, the company terminated four treasury lock agreements with an aggregate notional amount of $400 million, realizing a net loss of $6 million, to be amortized through interest, net over a ten-year period, in accordance with the terms of the new debt issued on april 14, 2020. no ineffectiveness was recognized on hedging instruments for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019.
the company sought to take advantage of lower interest rates available in the capital markets in 2020 by refinancing long-term debt, where possible. in 2020, awcc and the company's regulated subsidiaries issued in the aggregate $311 million of private activity bonds and government funded debt in multiple transactions with annual interest rates ranging from 0.60% to 1.20%, maturing in 2023 to 2027. the company used these proceeds to retire an aggregate of $311 million of long-term debt issues at maturity with annual interest rates ranging from 4.45% to 5.60%.
in may 2018, parent company and awcc filed with the sec a universal shelf registration statement that enables the company to meet its capital needs through the offer and sale to the public from time to time of an unlimited amount of various types of securities, including american water common stock, preferred stock, and other equity and hybrid securities, and awcc debt securities, all subject to market conditions and demand, general economic conditions, and as applicable, rating status. the shelf registration statement will expire in may 2021. during 2020, 2019 and 2018, $1.00 billion, $1.10 billion, and $1.33 billion, respectively, of debt securities were issued under this registration statement. additionally, during 2018 under this registration statement, the company issued 2.32 million shares of its common stock for aggregate net proceeds of $183 million.
presented in the table below are the issuances of long-term debt in 2020:
(a)this indebtedness is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under such indebtedness. see "-issuer and guarantor of senior notes" below.
presented in the table below are the retirements and redemptions of long-term debt in 2020 through sinking fund provisions, optional redemption or payment at maturity:
from time to time and as market conditions warrant, the company may engage in long-term debt retirements through tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable alternatives.
issuer and guarantor of senior notes the outstanding senior notes issued by awcc, the wholly owned finance subsidiary of parent company, have been issued under two indentures, each by and between awcc and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, providing for the rights and obligations of the parties thereto and the holders of the notes issued thereunder. the senior notes also have been issued with the benefit of a support agreement, as amended, between parent company and awcc, which serves as the functional equivalent of a full and unconditional guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under the senior notes. no other subsidiary of parent company provides guarantees for any of the outstanding senior notes. if awcc is unable to make timely payment of any interest, principal or premium, if any, on such senior notes, parent company will provide to awcc, at its request or the request of any holder of such senior notes, funds to make such payment in full. if awcc fails or refuses to take timely action to enforce certain rights under the support agreement or if awcc defaults in the timely payment of any amounts owed to any holder of such senior notes, when due, the support agreement provides that the holder may proceed directly against parent company to enforce such rights or to obtain payment of the defaulted amounts owed to that holder.
as a wholly owned finance subsidiary of parent company, awcc has no significant assets other than obligations of parent company and certain of its subsidiaries in its regulated businesses segment to repay certain intercompany loans made to them by awcc. awcc's ability to make payments of amounts owed to holders of the senior notes will be dependent upon awcc's receipt of sufficient payments of amounts owed pursuant to the terms of such intercompany loans and from its ability to issue indebtedness or otherwise obtain loans in the future, the proceeds of which would be used to fund the repayment of the senior notes.
because parent company is a holding company and substantially all of its operations are conducted through its subsidiaries other than awcc, parent company's ability to fulfill its obligations under the support agreement will be dependent upon its receipt of sufficient cash dividends or distributions from its operating subsidiaries. see note 10-shareholders' equity-dividends and distributions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the limitations on parent company and its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make distributions. furthermore, parent company's operating subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and, other than awcc, have no obligation to make any payments on the senior notes or to make available or provide any funds for such payment, other than through their repayment obligations under intercompany loans, if any, with awcc. based on the foregoing, parent company's obligations under the support agreement will be effectively subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, lease commitments and moneys borrowed or other indebtedness incurred or issued by parent company's subsidiaries other than awcc.
credit facilities and short-term debt awcc has an unsecured revolving credit facility of $2.25 billion that expires in march 2025. in april 2020, awcc and its lenders agreed to extend the termination date of the credit agreement with respect to awcc's revolving credit facility pursuant to its terms from march 2024 to march 2025. subject to satisfying certain conditions, the credit agreement also permits awcc to increase the maximum commitment under the facility by up to an aggregate of $500 million.
interest rates on advances under the facility are based on a credit spread to the libor rate (or applicable market replacement rate) or base rate in accordance with moody investors service's and standard & poor's financial services' then applicable credit rating on awcc's senior unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. the facility is used principally to support awcc's commercial paper program and to provide up to $150 million in letters of credit. indebtedness under the facility is considered "debt" for purposes of a support agreement between parent company and awcc, which serves as a functional equivalent of a guarantee by parent company of awcc's payment obligations under the credit facility.
presented in the tables below are the aggregate credit facility commitments, commercial paper limit and letter of credit availability under the revolving credit facility, as well as the available capacity for each, as of december 31,:
commercial paper limit                letters of credit                  total (a)
remaining availability as of december 31, 2020                   $1,314                                $74                       $1,388
(a)total remaining availability of $1.39 billion as of december 31, 2020 may be accessed through revolver draws.
commercial paper limit                letters of credit                  total (a)
remaining availability as of december 31, 2019                   $1,314                                $74                       $1,388
(a)total remaining availability of $1.39 billion as of december 31, 2019 may be accessed through revolver draws.
presented in the table below is the company's total available liquidity as of december 31, 2020 and 2019:
available liquidity as of december 31, 2020                       $547                                     $1,388                                $1,935
available liquidity as of december 31, 2019                         60                                      1,388                                 1,448
capital structure presented in the table below is the percentage of the company's capitalization represented by the components of its capital structure as of december 31:
short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt                       9.3   %            5.2   %            7.2   %
the changes in the capital structure between periods were mainly attributable to an increase in long-term debt, and the $500 million borrowed under the term loan facility during 2020, which is scheduled to terminate on march 19, 2021.
debt covenants the company's debt agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants. to the extent that the company is not in compliance with these covenants, an event of default may occur under one or more debt agreements and the company or its subsidiaries may be restricted in its ability to pay dividends, issue new debt or access the revolving credit facility. the long-term debt indentures contain a number of covenants that, among other things, prohibit or restrict the company from issuing debt secured by the company's assets, subject to certain exceptions. failure to comply with any of these covenants could accelerate repayment obligations.
covenants in certain long-term notes, the term loan facility and the revolving credit facility require the company to maintain a ratio of consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization (as defined in the relevant documents) of not more than 0.70 to 1.00. on december 31, 2020, the company's ratio was 0.63 to 1.00 and therefore the company was in compliance with the covenants.
security ratings presented in the table below are long-term and short-term credit ratings and rating outlooks as of february 24, 2021 as issued by the following rating agencies:
securities                    moody's investors service        standard &amp; poor's ratings service rating outlook                stable                           stable senior unsecured debt         baa1                             a commercial paper              p-2                              a-1
a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. security ratings are highly dependent upon the ability to generate cash flows in an amount sufficient to service debt and meet investment plans. the company can provide no assurances that its ability to generate cash flows is sufficient to maintain its existing ratings. none of the company's borrowings are subject to default or prepayment as a result of the downgrading of these security ratings, although such a downgrading could increase fees and interest charges under its credit facility.
as part of its normal course of business, the company routinely enters into contracts for the purchase and sale of water, energy, chemicals and other services. these contracts either contain express provisions or otherwise permit the company and its counterparties to demand adequate assurance of future performance when there are reasonable grounds for doing so. in accordance with the contracts and applicable contract law, if the company is downgraded by a credit rating agency, especially if such downgrade is to a level below investment grade, it is possible that a counterparty would attempt to rely on such a downgrade as a basis for making a demand for adequate assurance of future performance, which could include a demand that the company must provide collateral to secure its obligations. the company does not expect to post any collateral which will have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
access to the capital markets, including the commercial paper market, and respective financing costs in those markets, may be directly affected by the company's securities ratings. the company primarily accesses the debt capital markets, including the commercial paper market, through awcc. however, the company has also issued debt through its regulated subsidiaries, primarily in the form of tax exempt securities or borrowings under state revolving funds, to lower the overall cost of debt.
dividends and regulatory restrictions for discussion of the company's dividends, dividend restrictions and dividend policy, see note 10-shareholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
insurance coverage the company carries various property, casualty, cyber and financial insurance policies with limits, deductibles and exclusions that it believes are consistent with industry standards. however, insurance coverage may not be adequate or available to cover unanticipated losses or claims. additionally, annual policy renewals can be impacted by claims experience which in turn can impact coverage terms and conditions on a going-forward basis. the company is self-insured to the extent that losses are within the policy deductible or exceed the amount of insurance maintained. such losses could have a material adverse effect on the company's short-term and long-term financial condition and its results of operations and cash flows.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires that management apply accounting policies and make estimates, assumptions and judgments that could affect the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates, assumptions and judgments. management believes that the areas described below require significant judgment in the application of accounting policy or in making estimates and assumptions in matters that are inherently uncertain and that may change in subsequent periods. accordingly, changes in the estimates, assumptions and judgments applied to these accounting policies could have a significant impact on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements. management has reviewed the critical accounting polices described below with the company's audit, finance and risk committee, including the estimates, assumptions and judgments used in their application. additional discussion regarding these critical accounting policies and their application can be found in note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
regulation and regulatory accounting the company's regulated utilities are subject to regulation by pucs and, as such, the company follows the authoritative accounting principles required for rate regulated utilities, which requires the company to reflect the effects of rate regulation in its consolidated financial statements. use of this authoritative guidance is applicable to utility operations that meet the following criteria: (i) third-party regulation of rates; (ii) cost-based rates; and (iii) a reasonable assumption that rates will be set to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investment, or rate base. as of december 31, 2020, the company concluded that the operations of its utilities met the criteria.
application of this authoritative guidance has a further effect on the company's financial statements as it pertains to allowable costs used in the ratemaking process. the company makes significant assumptions and estimates to quantify amounts recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities. such judgments include, but are not limited to, assets and liabilities related to regulated acquisitions, pension and postretirement benefits, depreciation rates and taxes. due to timing and other differences in the collection of revenues, these authoritative accounting principles allow a cost that would otherwise be charged as an expense by a non-regulated entity, to be deferred as a regulatory asset if it is probable that such cost is recoverable through future rates. conversely, the principles require the creation of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future, or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and are refundable to customers.
for each regulatory jurisdiction where the company conducts business, the company assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether the regulatory assets continue to meet the criteria for probable future recovery and regulatory liabilities continue to meet the criteria for probable future settlement. this assessment includes consideration of factors such as changes in regulatory environments, recent rate orders (including recent rate orders on recovery of a specific or similar incurred cost to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction) and the status of any pending or potential legislation. if subsequent events indicate that the regulatory assets or liabilities no longer meet the criteria for probable future recovery or probable future settlement, the company's consolidated statements of operations and financial position could be materially affected. in addition, if the company concludes in a future period that a separable portion of the business no longer meets the criteria, the company is required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of the business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. failure to meet the criteria of this authoritative guidance could materially impact the company's consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, the company's regulatory asset balance was $1.1 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, and its regulatory liability balance was $1.8 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. see note 4-regulatory matters in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the company's significant regulatory assets and liabilities..
accounting for income taxes significant management judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken, as well as deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation allowances and the utilization of nol carryforwards.
in accordance with applicable authoritative guidance, the company accounts for uncertain income tax positions using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach, including a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and a measurement approach based on the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. if it is not more-likely-than-not that the benefit of the tax position will be sustained on its technical merits, no benefit is recorded. uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. management evaluates each position based solely on the technical merits and facts and circumstances of the position, assuming the position will be examined by a taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. significant judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefit to be recorded in the consolidated financial statements.
the company evaluates the probability of realizing deferred tax assets quarterly by reviewing a forecast of future taxable income and its intent and ability to implement tax planning strategies, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. the company also assesses its ability to utilize tax attributes, including those in the form of carryforwards, for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. the company records valuation allowances for deferred tax assets when it concludes that it is more-likely-than-not such benefit will not be realized in future periods.
under gaap, specifically accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes ("asc 740"), the tax effects of changes in tax laws must be recognized in the period in which the law is enacted. asc 740 also requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be measured at the enacted tax rate expected to apply when temporary differences are to be realized or settled. thus, at the date of enactment of the tcja, the company's deferred taxes were re-measured based upon the new tax rate. for the company's regulated entities, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as either an offset to a regulatory asset or liability and may be subject to refund to customers. for the company's unregulated operations, the change in deferred taxes are recorded as a non-cash re-measurement adjustment to earnings.
actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, the company's forecasted financial condition and results of operations, failure to successfully implement tax planning strategies and recovery of taxes through the regulatory process for the regulated businesses, as well as results of audits and examinations of filed tax returns by taxing authorities. the resulting tax balances as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 are appropriately accounted for in accordance with the applicable authoritative guidance; however, the ultimate outcome of tax matters could result in favorable or unfavorable adjustments to the consolidated financial statements and such adjustments could be material. see note 15-income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding income taxes.
accounting for pension and postretirement benefits the company maintains noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering eligible employees of its regulated utility and shared service operations. see note 16-employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the description of and accounting for the defined benefit pension plans and postretirement benefit plans.
the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions provided by the company to its actuaries, including the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. material changes in the company's pension and postretirement benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions as well as fluctuations in plan assets. the assumptions are selected to represent the average expected experience over time and may differ in any one year from actual experience due to changes in capital markets and the overall economy. these differences will impact the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense that the company recognizes. the primary assumptions are:
•discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which are based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•expected return on plan assets ("eroa")-management projects the future return on plan assets considering prior performance, but primarily based upon the plans' mix of assets and expectations for the long-term returns on those asset classes. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the company records currently.
•rate of compensation increase-management projects employees' pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•health care cost trend rate-management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
•mortality- management adopted the society of actuaries pri-2012 mortality base table, the most recent table developed from private pension plan experience, which provides rates of mortality in 2012 and adopted the new mp-2020 mortality improvement scale to gradually adjust future mortality rates downward due to increased longevity in each year after 2012.
the discount rate assumption, which is determined for the pension and postretirement benefit plans independently, is subject to change each year, consistent with changes in applicable high-quality, long-term corporate bond indices. the company uses an approach that approximates the process of settlement of obligations tailored to the plans' expected cash flows by matching the plans' cash flows to the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. for each plan, the discount rate was developed as the level equivalent rate that would yield the same present value as using spot rates aligned with the projected benefit payments. the discount rate for determining pension benefit obligations was 2.74%, 3.44% and 4.38% at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the discount rate for determining other postretirement benefit obligations was 2.56%, 3.36% and 4.32% at december 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
in selecting an eroa, the company considered tax implications, past performance and economic forecasts for the types of investments held by the plans. the long-term eroa assumption used in calculating pension cost was 6.50% for 2020, 6.20% for 2019, and 5.95% for 2018. the weighted average eroa assumption used in calculating other postretirement benefit costs was 3.68% for 2020, 3.56% for 2019 and 4.77% for 2018.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the pension plan assets by asset category:
2021 target allocation                            percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                                           2020                                      2019
real estate investment trusts ("reits")                                  2         %                      -      %                                  -      %
postretirement medical bargaining plan changes on july 31, 2018, a five-year national benefits agreement was ratified, covering, as of july 31, 2018, approximately 3,200 of the company's union-represented employees. most of the benefits under this new agreement became effective on january 1, 2019, and include, among other things, union-represented employees' participation in the company's cash-based annual performance plan, additional medical plan options and changes to certain retiree medical benefits, which required the company to remeasure its other postretirement benefit plan obligation during the third quarter of 2018.
for those eligible union retirees and dependents over age 65, the current supplemental retiree medical plan will be replaced with a health reimbursement arrangement ("hra") similar to the cap currently in place for non-union retirees. the company is providing a subsidy allowing the post-65 retirees to purchase a medicare supplemental plan on a private exchange network. the pre-65 coverage plan was also amended to provide a cap on future employer costs designed to limit the employer costs to 2018 levels. for pre-65 union members retiring early in 2019-2021 a supplemental benefit will be provided to alleviate the effect of the cap.
on august 31, 2018, the postretirement medical benefit plan was remeasured to reflect this plan change. the plan change resulted in a $175 million reduction in future benefits payable to plan participants, and, in combination with other experience reflected as of the remeasurement date, resulted in a $227 million reduction to the net accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. as of december 31, 2020, the remaining amortization period of the impact of the plan amendment is 7.9 years. as a result of the remeasurement and change in funded status, the company decreased the investment risk in the plan and reduced its exposure to changes in interest rates by matching the assets of the plan to the projected cash flows for future benefit payments of the liability. plan assets in excess of those securities designed to match the long-term liabilities are invested in shorter duration fixed income securities and equities.
presented in the table below are the allocations of the other postretirement benefit plan assets by asset category:
2021 target allocation (a)                            percentage of plan assets as of december 31, asset category                                                      2020                                      2019
(a)includes the american water postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the new york water service corporation postretirement medical benefits bargaining plan, the american water postretirement medical benefits non-bargaining plan, and the american water life insurance trust.
the investments of the pension and postretirement welfare plan trusts include debt and equity securities held either directly or through mutual funds, commingled funds and limited partnerships. the trustee for the company's defined benefit pension and postretirement welfare plans uses an independent valuation firm to calculate the fair value of plan assets.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, the company considers past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. the company's rate of compensation increase was 3.51% for 2020, 2.97% for 2019 and 3.00% for 2018.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, the company considers past performance and forecasts of increases in health care costs. as of january 1, 2020, the company's health care cost trend rate assumption used to calculate the periodic cost was 6.50% in 2020 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter. as of december 31, 2020, the company projects that medical inflation will be 6.25% in 2021 gradually declining to 5.00% in 2026 and thereafter.
the company will use a discount rate and eroa of 2.74% and 6.50%, respectively, for estimating its 2021 pension costs. additionally, the company will use a discount rate and expected blended return based on weighted assets of 2.56% and 3.68%, respectively, for estimating its 2021 other postretirement benefit costs. a decrease in the discount rate or the eroa would increase the company's pension expense. the company's 2020 pension and postretirement benefit credit was $14 million and the 2019 pension and postretirement benefit cost was $17 million. the company expects to make pension contributions to the plan trusts of $37 million in 2021, and $37 million, $35 million, $33 million and $30 million in 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively. actual amounts contributed could change significantly from these estimates. the assumptions are reviewed annually and at any interim re-measurement of the plan obligations. the impact of assumption changes is reflected in the recorded pension and postretirement benefit amounts as they occur, or over a period of time if allowed under applicable accounting standards.
revenue recognition revenue from the company's regulated businesses is generated primarily from water and wastewater services delivered to customers. these contracts contain a single performance obligation, the delivery of water or wastewater services, as the promise to transfer the individual good or service is not separately identifiable from other promises within the contracts and, therefore, is not distinct. revenues are recognized over time, as services are provided. there are generally no significant financing components or variable consideration. revenues include amounts billed to customers on a cycle basis, and unbilled amounts calculated based on estimated usage from the date of the meter reading associated with the latest customer bill, to the end of the accounting period. the amounts that the company has a right to invoice are determined by each customer's actual usage, an indicator that the invoice amount corresponds directly to the value transferred to the customer.
increases or decreases in the volumes delivered to customers and rate mix due to changes in usage patterns in customer classes in the period could be significant to the calculation of unbilled revenue. in addition, changes in the timing of meter reading schedules and the number and type of customers scheduled for each meter reading date would also have an effect on the unbilled revenue calculation. unbilled revenue for the company's regulated utilities as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $150 million and $142 million, respectively.
the company also recognizes revenue when it is probable that future recovery of previously incurred costs or future refunds that are to be credited to customers will occur through the ratemaking process.
revenue from the company's homeowner services group is generated through various protection programs in which the company provides fixed fee services to domestic homeowners and smaller commercial customers for interior and exterior water and sewer lines, interior electric and gas lines, heating and cooling systems, water heaters, power surge protection and other related services. most of the contracts have a one-year term and each service is a separate performance obligation, satisfied over time, as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided from the service. customers are obligated to pay for the protection programs ratably over 12 months or via a one-time, annual fee, with revenues recognized ratably over time for these services. advances from customers are deferred until the performance obligation is satisfied.
the company also has long-term, fixed fee contracts to operate and maintain water and wastewater systems for the u.s. government on various military installations and facilities owned by municipal customers. billing and revenue recognition for the fixed fee revenues occurs ratably over the term of the contract, as customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits provided by the company. additionally, these contracts allow the company to make capital improvements to underlying infrastructure, which are initiated through separate modifications or amendments to the original contract, whereby stand-alone, fixed pricing is separately stated for each improvement. the company has determined that these capital improvements are separate performance obligations, with revenue recognized over time based on performance completed at the end of each reporting period. losses on contracts are recognized during the period in which the losses first become probable and estimable. revenues recognized during the period in excess of billings on construction contracts are recorded as unbilled revenues, with billings in excess of revenues recorded as other current liabilities until the recognition criteria are met. changes in contract performance and related estimated contract profitability may result in revisions to costs and revenues, and are recognized in the period in which revisions are determined. unbilled revenue for the market-based businesses as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 was $56 million and $30 million, respectively.
accounting for contingencies the company records loss contingencies when management determines that the outcome of future events is probable of occurring and when the amount of the loss or a range of losses can be reasonably estimated. the determination of a loss contingency is based on management's judgment and estimates about the likely outcome of the matter, which may include an analysis of different scenarios. liabilities are recorded or adjusted when events or circumstances cause these judgments or estimates to change. in assessing whether a loss is reasonably possible, management considers many factors, which include, but are not limited to: the nature of the litigation, claim or assessment, review of applicable law, opinions or views of legal counsel and other advisors, and the experience gained from similar cases or situations. the company provides disclosures for material contingencies when management deems there is a reasonable possibility that a loss or an additional loss may be incurred. the company provides estimates of reasonably possible losses when such estimates may be reasonably determined, either as a single amount or within a reasonable range.
actual amounts realized upon settlement or other resolution of loss contingencies may be different than amounts recorded and disclosed and could have a significant impact on the liabilities, revenue and expenses recorded on the consolidated financial statements. see note 17-commitments and contingencies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding contingencies.
new accounting standards see note 2-significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recent accounting standards.