for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively collaborate across our operations, integrate our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization and promote a global mind-set along with a focus on individual customers and clients. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. we will be unable to rapidly respond to competitive, economic and regulatory changes if we do not make important strategic and operational decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly. if these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, our consolidated financial position and results of operations could be negatively affected.
•continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, as well as changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and health care providers;
our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by other factors not associated with us, such as changes in medicare or medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers and increasing consolidation activity among hospitals, physician groups and providers. continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other providers, the emergence of accountable care organizations, vertical integration of providers and other entities, changes in the organizational structures chosen by physicians, hospitals and providers and new market entrants, including those not traditionally in the health care industry, may affect the way providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way we price our products and services or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive.
charge for organizational efficiency plan                                                                                                              24                                 162                               -                      0.07                            0.43                               -
selling, general and administrative expenses were essentially flat, primarily reflecting lower charges in 2020 for the organizational efficiency plan and the risk corridors claim recovery recognized in the third quarter of 2020 (see the "risk mitigation programs - individual aca business" section of this md&a and note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion), offset by the return of the health insurance industry tax.
organizational efficiency plan consistent with our commitment to affordability for our customers and clients, during the fourth quarter of 2019 the company committed to a plan to increase our organizational alignment and operational efficiency and reduce costs. as a result, we recognized a charge in selling, general and administrative expenses of $207 million, pre-tax ($162 million, after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2019 and an additional charge of $31 million pre-tax ($24 million, after-tax) in the first quarter of 2020. we expect to realize annualized after-tax savings of approximately $200 million. a substantial portion of the savings was realized in 2020.