•we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure.
in addition, the current capital and liquidity requirements are subject to change. the federal banking agencies finalized the tailoring rule in the fourth quarter of 2019. under the tailoring rule, we are a category iii institution, and are no longer subject to the basel iii advanced approaches and associated capital requirements, but we continue to be subject to the countercyclical capital buffer and supplementary leverage ratio. in march 2020, the federal reserve issued a final rule to implement the stress capital buffer requirement. this final rule became effective in may 2020. pursuant to the stress capital buffer rule, the federal reserve will use the results of its supervisory stress test to determine the size of a large banking institution's stress capital buffer requirement, which replaces the previous 2.5% capital conservation buffer under the basel iii standardized approach. our stress capital buffer requirement is 5.6% for the period from october 1, 2020 through september 30, 2021, at which point a revised stress capital buffer requirement will be applicable to us based on our 2021 stress testing results. in addition, on june 25, 2020 the federal reserve introduced measures to ensure that large bhcs maintained a high level of capital resilience. specifically, the federal reserve required certain large bhcs, including us, to suspend share repurchases and cap common dividends during the third and fourth quarters of 2020. consistent with the federal reserve's capital distribution restrictions, we reduced our quarterly dividend on our common stock from $0.40 per share to $0.10 per share for the third quarter of 2020, which we maintained into the fourth quarter of 2020. the federal banking agencies also finalized rules to implement the nsfr in october 2020. the nsfr is designed to ensure that banking organizations maintain a stable, long-term funding profile in relation to their asset composition and off-balance sheet activities and its requirements will become effective as of july 1, 2021. on december 18, 2020, the federal reserve extended the capital distribution restrictions for all participating bhcs to the first quarter of 2021, with certain modifications. in particular, for the first quarter of 2021, participating bhcs may resume share repurchases however the aggregate amount of dividend payments and share repurchases will be limited to an amount based on net income earned in the preceding four calendar quarters. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information. further changes to applicable capital and liquidity requirements could result in unexpected or new limitations on our ability to pay dividends and engage in share repurchases.
operational risk we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure.
our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. in addition, we must accurately process, record and monitor an increasingly large number of complex transactions. digital technology, data and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work.
if we do not maintain the necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure to operate our business, including to maintain the security of that infrastructure, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. we also are subject to disruptions to our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include computer viruses, electrical or telecommunications outages, design flaws in foundational components or platforms, availability and quality of vulnerability patches from key vendors, cyber-attacks (including distributed denial of service ("ddos") and other attacks on our infrastructure as discussed below), natural disasters, other damage to property or physical assets, or events arising from local or larger scale politics, including terrorist acts. any failure to maintain our infrastructure or disruption of our operating systems and applications could diminish our ability to operate our businesses, service customer accounts and protect customers' information, or result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage, regulatory intervention and customers' loss of confidence in our businesses, any of which could result in a material adverse effect.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using digital technology to provide products and services that meet their expectations. the development and launch of new digital products and services depends in large part on our capacity to invest in and build the technology platforms that can enable them, in a cost effective and timely manner. see "we face intense competition in all of our markets" and "we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure."
the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and non-interest income are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds capital one financial corporation (cof)
major categories of risk compliance                    the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules or regulations. compliance risk can also arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules or regulations credit                        the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed liquidity                     the risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time market                        the risk that an institution's earnings or the economic value of equity could be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other market factors operational                   the risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events reputation                    the risk to market value, recruitment and retention of talented associates and maintenance of a loyal customer base due to the negative perceptions of our internal and external constituents regarding our business strategies and activities strategic                     the risk of a material impact on current or anticipated earnings, capital, franchise or enterprise value arising from the company's competitive and market position and evolving forces in the industry that can affect that position; lack of responsiveness to these conditions; strategic decisions to change the company's scale, market position or operating model; or, failure to appropriately consider implementation risks inherent in the company's strategy we provide an overview of how we manage our seven major categories of risk below.
•auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 75 months or less, but can go up to 84 months. loan size limits are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. similar to credit card accounts, the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, and are subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated net disposable income, and credit bureau information including fico scores, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we maintain an auto securitization program.