our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development and profitability. as we continue to grow our business, make acquisitions, expand our geographic scope and offer new products and services, we need the organizational talent necessary to ensure effective succession for executive officer and key employee roles in order to meet the growth, development and profitability goals of our business. our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain or develop such officers or key employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels.
during 2018, we formally commenced a restructuring plan accelerate 2020 ("the plan"), to leverage technology and system investments and organizational changes. the goal of the plan is to further simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidated facilitates and focus on key long-term growth areas by further leveraging technology and structural improvements. in the third quarter of 2020, we expanded the plan for additional costs and savings to further leverage the technology and structural improvements. following the establishment of the separate institutional plan, we now expect that the restructuring activities will be completed by the end of 2022, with total anticipated costs of $255 million ($195 million after tax), or $0.67 per diluted share, over this period of time, when revised for continuing operations. costs are expected to be primarily cash expenditures for severance costs and some facility closure costs relating to team reorganizations. actual costs may vary from these estimates depending on actions taken.
while we anticipate our 2021 results of operations to be generally comparable to 2019, we are not yet able to adequately estimate the full impact of the coronavirus outbreak on our end markets and our business due to the pandemic's evolving nature and the public and private responses to it. while we expect favorable conditions to resume in our industrial markets, and expect conditions to continue to be favorable in our healthcare and life sciences markets, we anticipate products and services provided to the full-service restaurant, hospitality, lodging and entertainment industries will continue to be negatively impacted over the near term due to the regulatory and organizational operating restrictions and mandates that have been put in place and affecting those end markets. we have taken, and are continuing to take, steps to drive revenue growth through new products, programs and markets, as well as steps to reduce costs, including reductions in capital expenditures, as well as other ongoing cost initiatives.