our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 45.5% in 2020 and 47.2% in 2019. the gross profit percentage for 2020 decreased by 170 basis points based on three items. (1) a decline in product margin for safety and other products, which itself reflects several trends. first, in the second quarter of 2020 in order to procure supplies we utilized unfamiliar supply chains and prioritized speed of acquisition over efficiency, resulting in lower margins. second, in the third and fourth quarters of 2020 certain pandemic related products became oversupplied, and profits on our inventory fell (masks) while other products were in such short supply that cost rose (gloves). we mitigated these effects as the year progressed, but did not eliminate them. third, mix within these categories was negative to margin, as in general covid-related products had lower margins and increased in the mix. (2) a change in product mix. fasteners are our largest and highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. our fastener product line declined to 29.9% of sales in 2020 from 34.2% of sales in 2019. (3) overhead and organizational expenses. this includes the negative impact that reduced sales for certain product lines has on vendor rebates, clearance efforts to remove older and slower moving inventory, and the deleverage of certain fixed and period costs related to cyclical weakness in our traditional manufacturing and construction markets. these three adverse variables were partly offset by a better cost profile for our captive fleet. we operate our own fleet of trucks for moving product between suppliers, our distribution centers, and our in-market locations. we believe this provides us a competitive advantage in terms of our ability to move product efficiently and quickly, but there is a cost to supporting and maintaining these assets. during periods of economic weakness, it can become more difficult to charge freight to offset these costs and/or the relatively stable cost profile of these assets could result in deleverage. we successfully mitigated these challenges in 2020 by reducing movement and labor costs.