item 1a.     risk factors in evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this annual report on form 10-k. a manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face.
product and commercialization risks certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks.
hiv products we receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of hiv infection. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2020, sales of our hiv products accounted for approximately 70% of our total product sales. we may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our hiv products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products or the inability to introduce new hiv medications necessary to remain competitive. in such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development ("r&d") efforts. for example, most of our hiv products contain tenofovir alafenamide ("taf"), tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ("tdf") and/or emtricitabine ("ftc"), which belong to the nucleoside class of antiviral therapeutics, and any changes to the treatment paradigm for hiv may cause nucleoside-based therapeutics to fall out of favor.
we face risks related to our significant investment in the rapid development, manufacturing and distribution of veklury (remdesivir), which was approved by the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") in october 2020 as a treatment for hospitalized patients with covid-19. given the severity and urgency of the covid-19 pandemic, we committed significant capital and resources for clinical trials and the scale-up of the production of remdesivir. we expect our investment will continue through 2021 and beyond, as we continue to manufacture large quantities of finished product and conduct additional studies of specific patient populations, develop and evaluate new formulations and delivery methods and combinations with other therapies. while the utilization of remdesivir has largely tracked the level of infections, we are unable to accurately predict our revenues or supply needs over the short and long term due to the potential for new and better therapeutics, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and fluctuating hospital utilization rates. if we are unable to accurately forecast demand or manufacture veklury at levels to meet actual demand, then this may result in shortages or excess inventory that may be written off. we are subject to significant public attention and scrutiny over the complex decisions made regarding the clinical data, allocation, distribution and pricing of veklury, all of which affects our corporate reputation.
•educating and certifying medical personnel regarding the procedures and the potential side effects, such as cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, in compliance with the risk evaluation and mitigation strategy program required by fda;
•securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of yescarta;
•developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient's t cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient; and
•conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects.
the use of engineered t cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. we may not be able to demonstrate to the medical community and payers the potential advantages of yescarta compared to existing and future therapeutics. for challenges related to the reimbursement of yescarta, see also "our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures."
we rely on third-party sites to collect patients' white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients' white blood cells and ultimate delivery of yescarta to patients. these vendors may encounter disruptions or difficulties that could result in product loss and regulatory action. apheresis centers may also choose not to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts.
our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products.
if we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products our business will be adversely impacted. the launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial r&d expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. there are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. the product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. we expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment.
we face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories.
we may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products, including the uptake of new products, as demand depends on a number of factors. for example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. additionally, the non-retail sector in the united states, which includes government institutions, including state aids drug assistance programs, the u.s. department of veterans affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not necessarily mirror patient demand for our products. federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. we expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. in light of the budget crises faced by many european countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in europe. we believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels. we may continue to see this trend in the future.
we sell and distribute most of our products in the united states exclusively through the wholesale channel. for the year ended december 31, 2020, approximately 92% of our product sales in the united states were to three wholesalers, amerisourcebergen corporation, cardinal health, inc. and mckesson corporation. the u.s. wholesalers with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end user demand and may not be completely effective in matching their inventory levels to actual end user demand. as a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers do not match end user demand. in addition, inventory is held at retail pharmacies and other non-wholesaler locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers' orders from us, even if end user demand has not changed. in addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler and sub-wholesaler purchases of our products in the fourth quarter typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers and sub-wholesalers in the subsequent first quarter. as inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues.
we face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers.
new branded or generic products entering major markets affects our ability to maintain pricing and market share. our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. a number of companies are pursuing the development of technologies which are competitive with our existing products or research programs. these competing companies include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies. furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. we may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise.
our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures.
product reimbursements successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability of third-party payer reimbursement for the cost of such products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. government health authorities, private health insurers and other organizations generally provide reimbursement. as our products mature, private insurers and government payers often reduce the amount they will reimburse patients for these products, which increases pressure on us to reduce prices.
legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. for example, in september 2020, fda issued a final rule implementing a pathway for the importation of certain prescription drugs from canada. this rule is subject to ongoing litigation. in addition, in november 2020, the centers for medicare & medicaid services ("cms") issued an interim final rule that would substantially alter the medicare part b reimbursement system for physician-administered medicines as of january 1, 2021. this rule is subject to ongoing litigation and cms has been preliminarily enjoined from implementing the rule. we may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products.
product pricing, discounts and rebates in the united states, the european union and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. in the united states, the volume of drug pricing-related bills has dramatically increased in recent years. for example, congress proposed bills to change the medicare part d benefit to impose an inflation-based rebate when list prices for drugs grow faster than inflation and to increase manufacturer contributions in some or all of the benefit phases. in addition, many state legislatures are considering, or have already passed into law, legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as requiring manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information, creating review boards for prices to state agencies, and encouraging the use of generic drugs. such initiatives and legislation may cause added pricing pressures on our products, and the resulting impact on our business is uncertain. many countries outside the united states, including the european union member states, have established complex and lengthy procedures to obtain price approvals, coverage reimbursement and periodically review their pricing and reimbursement decisions. the outcome of this review cannot be predicted and could have an adverse effect on the pricing and reimbursement of our medicinal products in the european union member states. reductions in the pricing of our medicinal products in one member state could affect the price in other member states and have a negative impact on our financial results.
a substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state medicaid agencies and discounts provided to 340b covered entities. changes to the 340b program or the medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. for example, in december 2020, cms issued a final rule that will make certain changes to the calculation of rebates under the medicaid drug rebate program. among other changes, effective january 1, 2023, the final rule will change the requirements for excluding manufacturer co-pay coupons from the medicaid "best price." if these changes go into effect, they could substantially increase our medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340b covered entities. the continued growth of the 340b program also limits the prices we may charge to an increasing number of customers.
in addition, standard reimbursement structures may not adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. for example, beginning in fiscal year 2021, cms established a new severity adjusted diagnosis related group ("drg") 018 for medicare inpatient reimbursement of car t products such as yescarta and tecartus. while the new drg has a significantly higher base payment amount than the prior drg 016, the payment available may not be sufficient to reimburse some hospitals for their cost of care for patients receiving yescarta and tecartus. when reimbursement is not aligned well to account for treatment costs, medicare beneficiaries may be denied access as this misalignment could impact the willingness of some hospitals to offer the therapy and of doctors to recommend the therapy. additionally, in the european union, there are barriers to reimbursement in individual countries that could limit the uptake of yescarta and tecartus.
we may experience adverse impacts resulting from imports from countries where our products are available at lower prices or imports of unapproved generic or counterfeit versions of our products.
prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported and resold into those countries from lower price markets. for example, u.s. sales could also be affected if fda permits importation of drugs from canada. we have entered into agreements with generic drug manufacturers as well as licensing agreements with the medicines patent pool, a united nations-backed public health organization, which allows generic drug manufacturers to manufacture generic versions of certain of our products for distribution in certain low- and middle-income countries. we may be adversely affected if any generic versions of our products, whether or not produced and/or distributed under these agreements, are exported to the united states, europe or markets with higher prices.
in the european union, we are required to permit products purchased in one european union member state to be sold in another member state. purchases of our products in countries where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in countries in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter.
additionally, diverted products may be used in countries where they have not been approved and patients may source the diverted products outside the legitimate supply chain. these diverted products may be handled, shipped and stored inappropriately, which may affect the efficacy of the products and could harm patients, and adversely impact us.
we are also aware of the existence of various "buyers clubs" around the world that promote the personal importation of generic versions of our products that have not been approved for use in the countries into which they are imported. as a result, patients may be at risk of taking unapproved medications which may not be what they purport to be, may not have the potency they claim to have or may contain harmful substances, which could adversely impact us.
further, third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our medicines, which do not meet the rigorous quality standards of our manufacturing and supply chain. counterfeit medicines pose a serious risk to patient health and safety and may raise the risk of product recalls. our actions to discourage the distribution and sale of counterfeit versions of our medicines around the world may not be successful, and we may be adversely affected as a result.
product development and supply chain risks we face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption.
we are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of products that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. the results from preclinical and early clinical studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products. if any of our product candidates fails to achieve its primary endpoint in clinical trials, if safety issues arise or if the results from our clinical trials are otherwise inadequate to support regulatory approval of our product candidates, commercialization of that product candidate could be delayed or halted. in addition, we may also face challenges in clinical trial protocol design.
we may be adversely impacted if the clinical trials for any of the product candidates in our pipeline are delayed or terminated. we face numerous risks and uncertainties with our product candidates that could prevent completion of development of these product candidates. these risks include our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable results of our clinical trials, the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials and the risk of failing to obtain fda and other regulatory agency approvals. as a result, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized. further, we may make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates if, for example, we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. in 2021, our key anticipated milestones for our product candidates include, among others, phase 3 data readouts for (1) sacituzumab govitecan-hziy for the treatment of hormone receptor positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 negative, metastatic breast cancer patients and (2) axicabtagene ciloleucel for the treatment of second line diffuse large b cell lymphoma. we may be adversely impacted if we do not have favorable results from these studies and other programs in our pipeline cannot be completed on a timely basis or at all. in addition, clinical trials involving our commercial products could raise new safety issues for our existing products.
in addition, we extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. we rely on independent third-party contract research organizations ("cros") to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalytical analysis. many important aspects of the services performed for us by the cros are out of our direct control. if there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our cros, our clinical trials may be delayed. moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by third-party cros. if any of our cros' processes, methodologies or results were determined to be invalid or inadequate, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals may be adversely affected.
our products, which are manufactured at our own facilities or by third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, are the result of complex, highly regulated manufacturing processes. we depend on third-party manufacturers and corporate partners to perform manufacturing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our active pharmaceutical ingredients and drug products. these third parties are independent entities subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. we and our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners are subject to good manufacturing practices ("gmp"), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, stability testing, record keeping and quality standards as defined by fda and the european medicines agency ("ema"), as well as comparable regulations in other jurisdictions. manufacturing operations are also subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies.
any adverse developments affecting or resulting from our manufacturing operations or the operations of our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners may result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions in the commercial supply of our products. we may also need to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications and quality standards, undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. such developments could increase our manufacturing costs, cause us to lose revenues or market share and damage our reputation. in addition, manufacturing issues may cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. for example, if we are unable to remedy any deficiencies cited by fda or other regulatory agencies in their inspections, our currently marketed products and the timing of regulatory approval of product candidates in development could be adversely affected. further, there is risk that regulatory agencies in other countries where marketing applications are pending will undertake similar additional reviews or apply a heightened standard of review, which could delay the regulatory approvals for products in those countries. our business may be adversely affected if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our products were interrupted.
we need access to certain supplies and products to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture and sell our products. if we are unable to purchase sufficient quantities of these materials or find suitable alternative materials in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture our products could be limited.
suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. even after a manufacturer is qualified by the regulatory authority, the manufacturer must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with gmp. manufacturers are subject to regular periodic inspections by regulatory authorities following initial approval. if, as a result of these inspections, a regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. if the manufacturing operations of any of the single suppliers for our products are suspended, we may be unable to generate sufficient quantities of commercial or clinical supplies of product to meet market demand. in addition, if deliveries of materials from our suppliers were interrupted for any reason, we may be unable to ship certain of our products for commercial supply or to supply our product candidates in development for clinical trials. also, some of our products and the materials that we utilize in our operations are manufactured at only one facility, which we may not be able to replace in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. problems with any of the single suppliers we depend on, including in the event of a disaster, such as an earthquake, equipment failure or other difficulty, may negatively impact our development and commercialization efforts.
a significant portion of the raw materials and intermediates used to manufacture our antiviral products are supplied by third-party manufacturers and corporate partners outside of the united states. as a result, any political or economic factors in a specific country or region, including any changes in or interpretations of trade regulations, compliance requirements or tax legislation, that would limit or prevent third parties outside of the united states from supplying these materials could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our antiviral products to meet market needs and have a material and adverse effect on our operating results.
if we were to encounter any of these difficulties, our ability to conduct clinical trials on product candidates and to manufacture and sell our products could be impaired.
regulatory and other legal risks our operations depend on compliance with complex fda and comparable international regulations. failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products.
the products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by fda, ema and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. we have filed, and anticipate that we will file, for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products over the next several years. these and any future marketing applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. even if marketing approval is granted for these products, there may be significant limitations on their use. we cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product candidates under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful.
further, how we manufacture and sell our products is subject to extensive regulation and review. for example, under fda rules, we are often required to conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk. in certain circumstances, we may be required to implement a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy program for our products, which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers, restrictions on distribution or use of a product and other elements fda deems necessary to assure safe use of the drug. discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or product candidates, including serious safety, resistance or drug interaction issues, or problems with our manufacturing, safety reporting or promotional activities may result in regulatory approvals being delayed, denied or granted with significant restrictions on our products, including limitations on or the withdrawal of the products from the market.
failure to comply with these or other requirements imposed by fda could result in significant civil monetary penalties, fines suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal prosecutions.
we are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the health care industry.
the health care industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to drug reimbursement, rebates, price reporting, health care fraud and abuse, and data privacy and security. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, laws and regulations relating to the medicare and medicaid programs and other federal and state programs, the medicaid rebate statute, individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices, the health insurance portability and accountability act and other federal and state laws relating to the privacy and security of health information. actual or alleged violations of these laws or any related regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and department of veterans affairs and department of defense health programs, actions against executives overseeing our business and significant remediation measures, negative publicity or other consequences. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to changing and evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of our sales or marketing practices. for example, in the united states, a challenge to the affordable care act ("aca") is currently pending before the u.s. supreme court, which has resulted in uncertainty regarding the aca's future viability and destabilization of the health insurance market. the resulting impact on our business is uncertain and could be material.
in addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex and we are continually assessing the methods by which we calculate and report pricing in accordance with these obligations. our methodologies for calculations are inherently subjective and may be subject to review and challenge by various government agencies, which may disagree with our interpretation. if the government disagrees with our reported calculations, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to additional financial and legal liability.
there also continues to be enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs, and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. there has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments on reimbursement support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. if we, or our agents and vendors, are deemed to have failed to comply with laws, regulations or government guidance in any of these areas, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact our industry reputation and increase scrutiny over our business and our products.
for a description of our government investigations and related litigation, see note 14. commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are subject to risks if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or our product candidates.
as additional studies are conducted subsequent to obtaining marketing approval for our products, and as our products are used over longer periods of time by many patients, including patients with underlying health problems or patients taking other medicines, we expect to continue finding new issues related to safety, resistance or drug interactions. any such issues may require changes to our product labels, such as additional warnings, contraindications or even narrowed indications, or to halt sales of a product.
regulatory authorities have been moving towards more active and transparent pharmacovigilance and are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information and clinical trial data directly available to the public through websites and other means, such as periodic safety update report summaries, risk management plan summaries and various adverse event data. safety information, without the appropriate context and expertise, may be misinterpreted and lead to misperception or legal action.
our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.
patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. as part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the united states and internationally and file additional patent applications, when appropriate, to cover improvements in our compounds, products and technology. our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to:
•preserve trade secrets and internal know-how;
•defend against infringement of our patents and efforts to invalidate them; and
•operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others.
since patent applications are confidential for a period of time before a patent is issued, we may not know if our competitors filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to invent or first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. if competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, post-grant proceedings before the u.s. patent and trademark office or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent or validity of any patent granted. such litigation and proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, and could divert management attention from other operations, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, we may be adversely impacted.
generic manufacturers have sought, and may continue to seek, fda approval to market generic versions of our products through an abbreviated new drug application ("anda"), the application process typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. for a description of our anda litigation, see 14. commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. the entry of generic versions of our products has, and may in the future, lead to market share and price erosion.
if we are found to infringe the valid patents of third parties, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages or we may be prevented from commercializing products or may be required to obtain licenses from these third parties. we may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. if we fail to obtain these licenses or alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products.
we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by third parties that such parties may claim cover the use of sofosbuvir, axicabtagene ciloleucel or bictegravir. for example, in february 2018, viiv filed a lawsuit against us in the u.s. district court of delaware, alleging that the commercialization of bictegravir, sold commercially in combination with taf and ftc as biktarvy, infringes on viiv's u.s. patent no. 8,129,385 (the "'385 patent"), covering viiv's dolutegravir. bictegravir is structurally different from dolutegravir, and we believe that bictegravir does not infringe the claims of the '385 patent. the court has set a trial date of january 2022 for this lawsuit. viiv is seeking billions of dollars for alleged damages comprised of viiv's lost profits and a royalty on sales of bictegravir from launch through the trial. in addition, should a court find that we are liable for infringement, we expect viiv will seek a royalty on sales after the trial. viiv calculates these damages based on the cumulative u.s. revenues from biktarvy since launch, which have totaled $11.46 billion through december 31, 2020 although we cannot predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of this litigation, an adverse judgment could result in substantial monetary damages, including viiv's lost profits and royalties through trial, and a going-forward royalty stream on future sales. see a description of our litigation related to these and other matters in note 14. commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
furthermore, we also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. for example, a great deal of our liposomal manufacturing expertise, which is a key component of our liposomal technology, is not covered by patents but is instead protected as a trade secret. we protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. we cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets, internal know-how or technological innovation will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. under some of our r&d agreements, inventions become jointly owned by us and our corporate partner and in other cases become the exclusive property of one party. in certain circumstances, it can be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention and disputes could arise regarding those inventions. we could be adversely affected if our trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovation or confidential information become known or independently discovered by competitors or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions.
we are involved in a number of litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources, including ongoing litigation related to our yescarta and biktarvy products and ongoing product liability litigation related to our tdf products. these matters could require us to pay significant monetary damages, including royalty payments for past and future sales. we expect these matters will continue to require a high level of internal and financial resources for the foreseeable future. these matters have reduced, and are expected to continue to reduce, our earnings and require significant management attention.
in addition, the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our commercial products, as well as product candidates in development, involve substantial risk of product liability claims. these claims may be made directly by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. we have limited insurance for product liabilities that may arise and claims may exceed our coverage.
for a description of our litigation, investigations and other dispute-related matters, see note 14. commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. the outcome of such legal proceedings or any other legal proceedings that may be brought against us, the investigations or any other investigations that may be initiated and any other dispute-related matters, are inherently uncertain, and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us.
operational risks our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the recent covid-19 outbreak.
actual or threatened outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, such as covid-19, may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, the covid-19 pandemic has caused significant volatility and uncertainty in u.s. and international markets and has resulted in increased risks to our operations. in addition to the developments discussed in part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," we are monitoring a number of risks related to the pandemic, including the following:
•supply chain: the pandemic could result in disruptions to our supply chain and distribution in the future. for example, quarantines, shelter-in-place and other governmental orders and policies, travel restrictions, airline capacity and route reductions, safety guidelines and health impacts of the pandemic, could impact the availability or productivity of products and personnel at manufacturers, distributors, freight carriers and other necessary components of our supply chain. in addition, there may be unfavorable changes in the availability or cost of raw materials, intermediates and other materials necessary for production, which may result in higher costs, disruptions in our supply chain and interruptions in our distribution capabilities.
•clinical trials: this pandemic has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect certain of our clinical trials, including our ability to initiate and complete our clinical trials within the anticipated timelines. for ongoing trials, clinical trial sites have imposed restrictions on patient visits to limit risks of possible covid-19 exposure, and we may experience issues with participant compliance with clinical trial protocols as a result of quarantines, travel restrictions and interruptions to healthcare services. there is also a risk that closures at clinical sites may be necessary as the pandemic and related guidance and restrictions continue to evolve. for the foregoing reasons, we have experienced delays with new subject enrollment for most clinical trials, and may continue to experience overall delays in our clinical trials. there is also the risk of biased data collection if only certain clinical trial sites remain open. as a result of these challenges, our anticipated filing and marketing timelines for certain products may be adversely impacted.
•regulatory reviews: the operations of fda, ema or other regulatory agencies may be adversely affected. we may also experience delays in necessary interactions with regulatory authorities around the world, including with respect to any anticipated filing, which together with other factors resulting from the pandemic may adversely impact our ability to launch new commercial products.
•patient access: the pandemic has limited patients' ability or willingness to access and seek care from healthcare providers and initiate new therapies, which has resulted in lower demand for our products, particularly with respect to hiv prevention and hepatitis c virus ("hcv") treatment. for example, we have seen a reduction in prescription refills for hiv prevention as a result of higher discontinuations. in addition, with the rising unemployment, we have experienced a shift in payer mix towards more government-funded coverage and the uninsured segment.
•employees: we face risks related to the health, safety, morale and productivity of our employees, including the safe occupancy of our sites during the pandemic. currently, most gilead sites are requiring flexible location employees to work from home while physical location dependent workers and mixed location workers continue to work on gilead sites. our job site enhancements and risk protocols, which include health screenings and covid-19 testing, do not guarantee that we can maintain the continued safe occupancy of our sites. on-site employees testing positive for covid-19 could lead to mandatory quarantines and potential site shutdowns of office locations and manufacturing plants.
•financial: the pandemic has had, and may continue to have, an adverse financial impact in the short-term and potentially beyond. as a result of reduced patient access and a shift in payer mix, our hcv treatment and hiv businesses have been adversely impacted. for example, our product sales, excluding veklury, for the fourth quarter and full year 2020 decreased 7% and 3%, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2019, due in part to the continued effects of the pandemic on our hcv and hiv franchises. we may continue to experience fluctuating revenues from these businesses as infection rates rise and fall and as shelter in place restrictions are periodically tightened and eased. we have also experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility in our short-term revenues due to fluctuations in inventory channel purchases during the pandemic. we could also have additional unexpected expenses related to the pandemic, which could negatively affect our results of operations. these factors together with the overall uncertainty and disruption caused by the pandemic could result in increased volatility and decreased predictability in our results of operations and volatility in our stock price.
the pandemic may also amplify many of the other risks described throughout the "risk factors" section of this annual report on form 10-k. the extent to which the pandemic impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including any potential future waves of the pandemic, new variants of the virus that impact the severity and duration of the pandemic, the development, distribution, effectiveness and public acceptance of vaccines, and any other ongoing and future actions taken to contain the pandemic.
we face risks associated with our global operations.
our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic and other risks, including those listed below:
•foreign currency exchange: for the year ended december 31, 2020, approximately 26% of our product sales were outside the united states. because a significant percentage of our product sales is denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the euro, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies, and therefore, we benefit from a weaker u.s. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger u.s. dollar. our hedging program does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations. we may be adversely impacted if the u.s. dollar appreciates significantly against certain currencies and our hedging program does not sufficiently offset the effects of such appreciation.
•anti-bribery: we are subject to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws that govern our international operations with respect to payments to government officials. our international operations are heavily regulated and require significant interaction with foreign officials. we operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. it is possible that certain of our practices may be challenged under these laws. in addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees and agents. enforcement activities under anti-bribery laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties and exclusion from healthcare programs.
other risks inherent in conducting a global business include:
•restrictive government actions against our intellectual property and other foreign assets such as nationalization, expropriation or the imposition of compulsory licenses.
•protective economic policies taken by foreign governments, such as trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements, which may result in the imposition of trade sanctions or similar restrictions by the united states or other governments.
•business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fires or actual or threatened public health emergencies, or efforts taken by third parties to prevent or mitigate such disasters, such as public safety power shutoffs and facility shutdowns, for which we or they may be uninsured or inadequately insured. for example, our corporate headquarters in foster city and certain r&d and manufacturing facilities are located in california, a seismically active region. in the event of a major earthquake, we may not carry adequate earthquake insurance and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations.
•political instability or disruption in a geographic region where we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, social unrest and political changes. for example, on january 31, 2020, the united kingdom withdrew from the european union, which initiated a transition period during which the united kingdom and the european union will negotiate their future relationship. there is uncertainty concerning any changes in the laws and regulations governing the conduct of clinical trials and marketing of medicinal products in the united kingdom following the country's exit from the european union. this uncertainty may lead to significant complexity and risks for our company and our ability to research, develop and market medicinal products in the european union and the united kingdom.
we depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business.
we rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. for example, we have collaboration arrangements with janssen sciences ireland uc for odefsey, complera/eviplera and symtuza. in some countries, we rely on international distributors for sales of certain of our products. some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that:
•we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products;
•disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners;
•disagreements with our corporate partners could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration;
•contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform;
•our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors;
•our corporate partners with marketing rights may choose to pursue competing technologies or to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our products than they do to products of their own development; and
given these risks, there is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. if these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed or revenues from products could decline.
due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us.
our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. our ability to do so also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. in addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. we face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. additionally, changes to u.s. immigration and work authorization laws and regulations could make it more difficult for employees to work in or transfer to one of the jurisdictions in which we operate.
we are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data, which may be subject to cyberattacks, security breaches and legal claims.
we are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. the multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, including during the pandemic. cyberattacks include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. there can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, to invest in the protection of information technology infrastructure and data will prevent future service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. such interruptions or breaches could cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information. in addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.
regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. for example, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that became effective in europe in 2018 established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the gdpr may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. in addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the california consumer privacy act ("ccpa") that became effective in january 2020, and others that may be passed, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with ccpa may result in liability through private actions (subject to statutorily defined damages in the event of certain data breaches) and enforcement. the gdpr, ccpa and other changes, or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, including in some cases healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate.
strategic and financial risks we are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions.
we have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, such transactions as part of our business strategy. we may not identify suitable transactions in the future and, if we do, we may not complete such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if we are successful in making an acquisition or closing a licensing arrangement or collaboration, the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. as part of our annual impairment testing of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets in the fourth quarter, and earlier if impairment indicators exist, as required under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, we may need to recognize impairment charges if the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed are not successful. for option structured deals, there is no assurance that we will elect to exercise our option right, and it is possible that disagreements, uncertainties or other circumstances may arise, including with respect to whether our option rights have been appropriately triggered, which may hinder our ability to realize the expected benefits. for equity investments in our strategic transactions, such as in connection with our collaboration with galapagos nv, the value of our equity investments may fluctuate and decline in value. if we are not successful in the execution or implementation of these transactions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline.
we have paid substantial amounts of cash and incurred additional debt to finance our strategic transactions. additional indebtedness and a lower cash balance could result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, limit our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt on favorable terms, increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, and reduce our financial flexibility to continue with our capital investments, stock repurchases and dividend payments. for example, as a result of the cash used and the debt issued in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics in 2020, s&p downgraded our credit rating. we may be adversely impacted by any failure to overcome these additional risks.
changes in our effective income tax rate could reduce our earnings.
we are subject to income taxes and tax return audits in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions including ireland. due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws, and we cannot predict the form or timing of such changes. there are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations and, as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities involving issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. we may be adversely affected by the resolution of one or more of these exposures in any reporting period.
in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. various factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our income tax rate including, but not limited to, our portion of the non-deductible annual branded prescription drug fee, the accounting for stock options and other share-based awards, mergers/acquisitions and restructurings, ability to maintain manufacturing and other operational activities in our irish facilities, changes in the mix of earnings in the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, changes in overall levels of pre-tax earnings, resolution of federal, state and foreign income tax audits. the impact on our income tax provision resulting from the above mentioned factors may be significant.
item  2.    properties our corporate headquarters are located in foster city, california, where we house our administrative and certain of our r&d activities. we also have r&d facilities in emeryville, oceanside and santa monica, california; gaithersburg, maryland; seattle, washington; morris plains, new jersey; edmonton, canada; and dublin, ireland. our principal manufacturing facilities are in el segundo, la verne, oceanside and san dimas, california; morris plains, new jersey; edmonton, canada; cork, ireland; and hoofddorp, netherlands. for more information about our manufacturing facilities, see item 1 - business "our manufacturing facilities." our global operations include offices in europe, north america, asia, south america, africa, australia and the middle east.
we believe that our existing properties, including both owned and leased sites, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. we believe our capital resources are sufficient to purchase, lease or construct any additional facilities required to meet our expected long-term growth needs.
item  3.    legal proceedings for a description of our significant pending legal proceedings, please see note 14. commitments and contingencies - legal proceedings of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
part ii item  5.    market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities our common stock is traded on the nasdaq global select market under the symbol "gild."
as of february 18, 2021, we had approximately 1,402 stockholders of record of our common stock.
performance graph(1)
the following graph compares our cumulative total stockholder return for the past five years to two indices: the standard & poor's 500 stock index ("s&p 500 index") and the nasdaq biotechnology index ("nbi index"). the stockholder return shown on the graph below is not necessarily indicative of future performance, and we do not make or endorse any predictions as to future stockholder returns.
comparison of cumulative total return on investment for the past five years (2)
(1)    this section is not "soliciting material," is not deemed "filed" with the sec and is not to be incorporated by reference in any of our filings under the securities act or the exchange act whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any such filing.
(2)    shows the cumulative return on investment assuming an investment of $100 in our common stock, the nbi index and the s&p 500 index on december 31, 2015, and assuming that all dividends were reinvested.
equity compensation plan information the following table provides certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans in effect as of december 31, 2020:
(in millions, except per share amounts)                                            number of common shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1)         weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1)                    number of common shares remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))
(1)    does not take into account 20 million restricted stock units, performance share awards or units and phantom shares, which have no exercise price and were granted under our 2004 and 2018 equity incentive plans.
(2)    includes awards and shares previously issuable under the immunomedics, inc. amended and restated 2014 long-term incentive plan (the "immunomedics plan"), which was assumed in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, inc. and subsequently merged into the 2004 equity incentive plan.
(3)    under our employee stock purchase plan, participants are permitted to purchase our common stock at a discount on certain dates through payroll deductions within a pre-determined purchase period. accordingly, these numbers are not determinable.
(4)    includes awards and shares issuable under the forty seven, inc. 2018 equity incentive plan, which was assumed in connection with our acquisition of forty seven, inc. ("forty seven") and subsequently amended and restated as our 2018 equity incentive plan.
material features of the gilead sciences, inc. 2018 equity incentive plan the forty seven, inc. 2018 equity incentive plan was originally established by forty seven in june 2018. in connection with gilead's acquisition of forty seven in april 2020, gilead assumed the forty seven, inc. 2018 equity incentive plan, and amended and restated it as the gilead sciences, inc. 2018 equity incentive plan (the "2018 plan"). the 2018 plan is intended to help the company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the company and any affiliate, and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of gilead common stock. from and after april 7, 2020, only employees and consultants of forty seven as of immediately prior to such date and employees and consultants of gilead hired on or following such date are eligible to receive grants of new awards under the 2018 plan.
the 2018 plan provides for the award of incentive stock options and nonstatutory stock options, each of which must generally have an exercise price equal to at least the fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant; stock appreciation rights; restricted stock awards; restricted stock unit awards; performance stock awards; other stock awards; and performance cash awards.
as of april 7, 2020, the aggregate number of shares of common stock issuable under the 2018 plan (from and after such date) was 12,069,378. from and after april 7, 2020, gilead has granted restricted stock units and stock options under the 2018 plan, and these are the only types of equity awards outstanding under the plan. as of december 31, 2020, 10.3 million shares of gilead common stock remained available for issuance under the 2018 plan.
issuer purchases of equity securities in the first quarter of 2016, our board of directors authorized a $12.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2016 program") under which repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. we made repurchases under the 2016 program starting in april 2016.
in the first quarter of 2020, our board of directors authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2020 program"), which will commence upon the completion of the 2016 program. purchases under the 2020 program may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.
during 2020, we repurchased and retired 22 million shares of our common stock for $1.6 billion through open market transactions under the 2016 program.
as of december 31, 2020, the remaining authorized repurchase amount from both programs was $6.8 billion.
total number                                   average   total number of                                                      maximum fair of shares                                price paid   shares purchased                                                  value of shares purchased (in thousands)                    per share (in dollars)   as part of a publicly                                             that may yet be announced program (in thousands)                                  purchased under the programs (in millions)
(1)    a total of 232 thousand shares were transferred to us from employees in satisfaction of minimum tax withholding obligations associated with the vesting of restricted stock units during the period. we did not purchase any shares of our common stock in the open market pursuant to our repurchase program.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report on form 10-k (including the disclosures under part i, item 1a, "risk factors"). additional information related to the comparison of our results of operations between the years 2019 and 2018 is included in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2019 form 10-k filed with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), and is incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k. our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and are presented in u.s. dollars.
management overview gilead sciences, inc. ("gilead", "we", "our" or "us") is a biopharmaceutical company that has pursued and achieved breakthroughs in medicine for more than three decades, with the goal of creating a healthier world for all people. we are committed to advancing innovative medicines to prevent and treat life-threatening diseases, including hiv, viral hepatitis and cancer. we operate in more than 35 countries worldwide, with headquarters in foster city, california.
our portfolio of marketed products includes ambisome®, atripla®, biktarvy®, cayston®, complera®, descovy®, descovy for prep®, emtriva®, epclusa®, eviplera®, genvoya®, harvoni®, hepsera®, jyseleca®, letairis®, odefsey®, ranexa®, sovaldi®, stribild®, tecartustm, trodelvy®, truvada®, truvada for prep®, tybost®, veklury®, vemlidy®, viread®, vosevi®, yescarta® and zydelig®. the approval status of jyseleca varies worldwide, and jyseleca is not approved in the united states. we also sell and distribute authorized generic versions of epclusa and harvoni in the united states through our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics, llc. in addition, we sell and distribute certain products through our corporate partners under collaborative agreements.
2020 business highlights our financial performance was strong in 2020, despite the global impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which is a clear reflection of the solid underlying fundamentals of our business driven by the hiv franchise and the increased demand we saw for veklury amid the covid-19 pandemic. we also continued to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipeline across various therapeutic areas to drive future growth potential.
•in april, we acquired forty seven, inc. ("forty seven") for approximately $4.7 billion, gaining an investigational drug candidate, magrolimab, which is currently in phase 2/3 clinical studies for a number of hematological cancers, including myelodysplastic syndrome, acute myeloid leukemia, non-hodgkin lymphoma and solid tumors.
•in october, we acquired immunomedics, inc. ("immunomedics") for approximately $20.6 billion and gained trodelvy, a trop-2-directed antibody-drug conjugate, which was granted accelerated approval by the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic triple-negative breast cancer ("mtnbc"). trodelvy has potential broader applicability for multiple tumor types, and is being studied as a monotherapy and combination agent for additional tumor types, including hr+/her2- breast cancer, urothelial cancer, non-small cell lung cancer and other solid tumors.
•in december, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire myr gmbh. upon closing, which is subject to regulatory clearances and other conditions, the acquisition will provide us with hepcludex® (bulevirtide), which was conditionally approved by the european medicines agency ("ema") for the treatment for chronic hepatitis delta virus ("hdv") in july 2020.
•we significantly expanded our oncology portfolio through licensing, strategic collaboration as well as equity investments with our third-party collaboration partners. additional information is included in note 11. collaborations and other arrangements of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the assets we acquired pursuant to our strategic transactions, we developed several other therapies and treatments in our portfolio: jyseleca, tecartus and veklury, the first fda-approved antiviral therapy for covid-19. these efforts demonstrate our continued commitment to advancing innovative medicines in areas of unmet need.
•fda, european commission ("ec") and japanese ministry of health, labour and welfare ("jmhlw") granted full approval, conditional marketing authorization and regulatory approval, respectively, to veklury for the treatment of patients with covid-19.
•fda approved a supplemental new drug application for epclusa for the treatment of children ages 6 and older (or weighing at least 17 kg) with hepatitis c virus ("hcv").
•fda and ec granted accelerated approval and conditional marketing authorization, respectively, for tecartus for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory mantle cell lymphoma.
•we submitted a supplemental biologics license application ("sbla") to fda for approval of trodelvy as a treatment for adult patients with mtnbc based on the overall efficacy and safety results in the phase 3 ascent trial.
•kite pharma, inc. ("kite") submitted an sbla to fda for yescarta for the treatment of relapsed or refractory indolent non-hodgkin's lymphoma. kite also received ema approval to implement a variation to the yescarta marketing authorization for end-to-end manufacturing.
•fda granted breakthrough therapy designation for magrolimab, a first-in-class, investigational, monoclonal antibody for the treatment of newly diagnosed myelodysplastic syndrome.
•ema validated and is reviewing the application of gilead and galapagos nv ("galapagos") for a new indication to the approved license for filgotinib 200mg. the proposed indication is for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.
•jmhlw and ec granted regulatory approval and marketing authorization of jyseleca, respectively, for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis.
corporate development                        viral diseases
•gilead and vir biotechnology, inc. established a clinical collaboration related to hepatitis b virus in january 2021.
•gilead and gritstone oncology, inc. announced that the companies have entered into a collaboration, option and license agreement related to a curative treatment of hiv in february 2021.
other                                        •veklury distribution:◦beginning october 1, 2020, we started distributing veklury in the united states upon conclusion of the previous distribution agreement with the u.s. federal government.◦gilead and european union signed a joint procurement agreement, which covers purchases of veklury for a six-month period through april 2021 and has the option to be extended by the parties for additional six-month periods.
•board appointments: ◦jeffrey a. bluestone, ph.d., the president and chief executive officer ("ceo") of sonoma biotherapeutics. ◦sandra j. horning, retired chief medical officer and global head of product development for roche.◦javier j. rodriguez, the ceo of davita inc.◦anthony welters, retired senior advisor to the office of the ceo of unitedhealth group, inc.
•community support: ◦in february 2021, we announced a new partnership with the wake forest university school of divinity, as part of the ongoing compass initiative, to help mitigate the hiv epidemic in the southern united states. ◦we launched the racial equity community impact fund to initially provide $10 million in grants to 20 organizations working in community advocacy and mobilization, social justice and educational innovation. ◦covid-19: we donated 1.5 million individual doses of remdesivir free of charge.◦we made various donations to support current nonprofit grantees through the global gilead covid-19 acute relief and emergency support grantee fund.◦we also made donations to the san mateo strong fund and the mayor's fund for los angeles.
(1)    we announced and discussed these updates in further detail in press releases available on our website at https://www.gilead.com/news-and-press/press-room/press-releases. additional information can be found in our disclosures filed or furnished with the sec, including its current reports on form 8-k and on quarterly reports on form 10-q, as applicable. readers are also encouraged to review all other press releases available on our website mentioned above.
2020 financial highlights
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)        2020                                   change   2019                                   change                    2018
total revenues increased by 10% to $24.7 billion in 2020, compared to $22.4 billion in 2019, primarily due to veklury sales and higher product sales in our hiv products, including the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for pre-exposure prophylaxis ("prep"). the increase was partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (emtricitabine ("ftc") and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate ("tdf"))-based products primarily due to the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020, lower sales of hcv products due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019.
net income attributable to gilead was $123 million or $0.10 per diluted share in 2020, compared to $5.4 billion or $4.22 per diluted share in 2019, primarily due to unfavorable changes in the fair value of our equity investments in galapagos, the $1.2 billion discrete tax benefit recorded in 2019 related to intra-entity transfers of intangible assets to different tax jurisdictions, higher acquired in-process research and development ("ipr&d") expenses related to our acquisition of forty seven and our collaborations and other investments we entered into during the year, as well as higher acquisition-related expenses.
strategy and outlook 2021
our purpose is to deliver life-changing medications to patients in need through scientific breakthroughs, innovation and strong operational execution. our strategic ambitions are to (i) bring 10+ transformative therapies to patients by 2030; (ii) be the biotech employer and partner of choice; and (iii) deliver shareholder value in a sustainable and responsible manner. our strategic priorities reflect how we will deliver those ambitions: (i) expand internal and external innovation; (ii) strengthen portfolio strategy and decision making; (iii) increase patient benefit and access; and (iv) continue to evolve our culture. in 2021, we will continue to focus on executing our strategy to expand and strengthen our commercial portfolio and clinical pipelines in new therapeutic areas, including oncology and inflammation, while maintaining our leadership in antiviral medications through the continued growth of biktarvy, the development of lenacapavir, the expansion of our viral hepatitis business and our on-going efforts to develop safe and effective antivirals to patients suffering from viral infections. beyond expanding our products and pipeline, we also continue to focus on our employees, the evolution of our culture and our efforts to promote racial equity.
the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business and broader market dynamics. we expect a gradual recovery in underlying market dynamics starting the second quarter 2021. truvada and atripla sales are expected to continue to decline in the first quarter of 2021 and beyond as multiple generics are expected to enter the market starting in the second quarter of 2021. biktarvy, trodelvy, vemlidy and cell therapy are expected to be key growth drivers in 2021 absorbing the full year impact of the loss of exclusivity for truvada and atripla in the united states. veklury sales are generated in a highly dynamic and complex global environment, which continues to evolve. as a result, veklury sales are subject to significant volatility and uncertainty. future product demand will depend on the nature of the covid-19 pandemic, including duration of the pandemic, infection rates, hospitalizations, and availability of alternative therapies and vaccines being developed. the acquisition of immunomedics will continue to contribute to our revenue growth in 2021. our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged from 2020 and we plan to prioritize investment in our business and r&d pipeline and maintain a rigorous focus on disciplined expense management.
our ability to deliver on our strategy and 2021 objectives is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, which remains unpredictable; the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment; our ability to realize the potential benefits of our acquisitions, collaborations or licensing arrangements; our ability to initiate, progress or complete clinical trials within currently anticipated timeframes; the possibility of unfavorable results from new and ongoing clinical trials; additional pricing pressures from payers and competitors; higher than anticipated effects of the loss of exclusivity from truvada and atripla; slower than anticipated growth in biktarvy, trodelvy, vemlidy and cell therapy products; an increase in discounts, chargebacks and rebates due to ongoing contracts and future negotiations with commercial and government payers; market share and price erosion caused by the introduction of generics; loss of exclusivity of our products; inaccuracies in our hcv patient start estimates; potential government actions that could have the effect of lowering prices; a larger-than anticipated shift in payer mix to more highly discounted payer segment; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.
results of operations total revenues the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our revenues:
(in millions, except percentages)                             2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
total product sales total product sales increased by 10% to $24.4 billion in 2020, compared to $22.1 billion in 2019, primarily due to veklury sales and higher product sales in our hiv products, including the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep. the increase was partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products primarily due to the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020, lower hcv sales due to lower patient starts due to the covid-19 pandemic and the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019.
hiv product sales hiv product sales increased by 3% to $16.9 billion in 2020, compared to $16.4 billion in 2019, primarily due to the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by lower sales volume of our truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020 and lower average net selling price driven by unfavorable payer mix primarily due to higher public health service utilization. our hiv franchise, including prep was also unfavorably impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. hiv product sales in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
descovy (ftc/taf)-based product sales increased in all major markets in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase in the united states was primarily due to the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by lower sales volume of genvoya. the increase in europe and other international locations was primarily due to higher sales volume of biktarvy, partially offset by lower sales volume of genvoya.
truvada (ftc/tdf)-based product sales decreased in the united states and europe in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease in the united states was primarily due to lower sales volume driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in october 2020 and patients switching to regimens containing ftc/taf. we expect truvada sales to continue to decline in 2021 and beyond as multiple generics are expected to enter the market starting in the second quarter 2021. the decrease in european sales was primarily due to lower sales volume as a result of the broader availability of generic versions of truvada and patients switching to regimens containing ftc/taf.
hcv product sales hcv product sales decreased by 30% to $2.1 billion in 2020, compared to $2.9 billion in 2019, primarily due to lower sales volume driven by lower patient starts in the united states and europe attributable to the covid-19 pandemic and the continuing decline of total market patient starts unrelated to the pandemic, as well as lower average net selling price reflecting higher sales return provisions and discounts. hcv product sales in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
the decrease in hcv product sales in the united states and europe in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to lower patient starts, including declines attributable to a decrease in health care provider visits and screenings due to the covid-19 pandemic as well as lower average net selling price. the decrease in europe was also impacted by favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts in 2019, which did not reoccur in 2020. the decrease in hcv product sales in other international locations in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to lower sales volume.
cell therapy product sales cell therapy product sales, which include yescarta and tecartus, increased by 33% to $607 million in 2020, compared to $456 million in 2019, primarily due to the continued uptake of yescarta in europe and the third quarter 2020 product launch of tecartus in the united states.
trodelvy trodelvy generated $49 million in sales in the united states, following our acquisition of immunomedics on october 23, 2020.
other product sales other product sales, which include vemlidy, viread, letairis, ranexa, zydelig, ambisome, cayston and jyseleca, decreased by 18% to $1.9 billion in 2020, compared to $2.3 billion in 2019, primarily due to the expected declines in sales of letairis and ranexa after generic entries in the first half of 2019, partially offset by higher sales volume of vemlidy in other international locations.
gross-to-net deductions we record product sales net of estimated government and other rebates and chargebacks, cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees, sales return provisions and other related costs. these deductions to product sales are generally referred to as gross-to-net ("gtn") deductions, which totaled $15.3 billion, or 39% of gross product sales in 2020, compared to $15.3 billion, or 41% of gross product sales in 2019. of the $15.3 billion in 2020, $13.0 billion or 33% of gross product sales was related to government and other rebates and chargebacks, $1.7 billion was related to cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees and other related costs and $572 million was related to sales return provisions.
product sales by geographic area of our total product sales, 26% and 25% were generated outside the united states in 2020 and 2019, respectively. we faced exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the euro. we used foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a percentage of our foreign currency exposure. foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, had an unfavorable impact on our product sales of $29 million in 2020, based on a comparison using foreign currency exchange rates from 2019.
product sales in the united states increased by 10% to $18.1 billion in 2020, compared to $16.6 billion in 2019, primarily due to sales of veklury, the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and growth of descovy for prep, partially offset by decreases in sales of truvada (ftc/tdf)-based products driven by the loss of exclusivity of truvada and atripla in the united states in october 2020. the increase was also partially offset by lower sales volume of letairis and ranexa and lower sales of our hcv products. the decrease in sales of our hcv products was primarily due to lower patient starts and average net selling price as discussed above.
product sales in europe increased by 9% to $3.9 billion in 2020, compared to $3.6 billion in 2019, primarily due to sales of veklury, and the continued patient uptake of biktarvy and yescarta. the increase was partially offset by lower patient starts and average net selling price as discussed above. product sales in europe in 2019 included favorable net adjustments primarily due to government rebates and discounts.
product sales in other international locations increased by 17% to $2.3 billion in 2020, compared to $2.0 billion in 2019, primarily due to higher sales volumes of biktarvy, veklury and vemlidy.
the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our product sales:
(in millions, except percentages)                                                     2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
hcv products ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - u.s.                                        92               (71)   %                  312               (61)   %                  802
ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - europe                                      29               (59)   %                   71               (51)   %                  144
ledipasvir / sofosbuvir(3) - other international                        151               (42)   %                  260                (6)   %                  276
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - u.s.                                      864               (11)   %                  971                  4   %                  934
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - europe                                    337               (39)   %                  553               (15)   %                  654
sofosbuvir / velpatasvir(4) - other international                       398               (10)   %                  441                 17   %                  378
(1) represents our revenue from cobicistat (c), emtricitabine (ftc) and tenofovir alafenamide (taf) in symtuza (darunavir/c/ftc/taf), a fixed dose combination product commercialized by janssen sciences ireland unlimited company.
(3) amounts consist of sales of harvoni and the authorized generic version of harvoni sold by our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics llc.
(4) amounts consist of sales of epclusa and the authorized generic version of epclusa sold by our separate subsidiary, asegua therapeutics llc.
costs and expenses the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our costs and expenses:
(in millions, except percentages)                                                   2020                  change                     2019                  change                     2018
cost of goods sold                                                            $4,572                    (2)    %               $4,675                    (4)    %               $4,853
research and development ("r&amp;d") expenses                                 $5,039                     24    %               $4,055                      3    %               $3,920
nm - not meaningful cost of goods sold and product gross margin in 2020, cost of goods sold decreased by $103 million compared to 2019, primarily due to the 2019 inventory write-down charges of $649 million, of which $547 million was related to slow moving and excess raw material and work in process inventory primarily due to lower long-term demand for our hcv products. the decrease in cost of goods sold was partially offset by higher manufacturing ramp-up expenses related to veklury as a treatment for covid-19 and acquisition-related expenses from amortization of finite-lived intangible assets and inventory step-up charges, as well as accelerated stock-based compensation expenses related to our acquisition of immunomedics. in addition, royalty expenses decreased by $126 million in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to lower sales of products containing elvitegravir, letairis and atripla.
in 2020, product gross margin increased compared to 2019, primarily due to factors described above.
research and development expenses r&d expenses consist primarily of clinical studies performed by contract research organizations, materials and supplies, payments under collaborative and other arrangements including milestone payments, licenses and fees, expense reimbursements to the collaboration partners, personnel costs including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, and overhead allocations consisting of various support and infrastructure costs.
we do not track total r&d expenses by product candidate, therapeutic area or development phase. however, we manage our r&d expenses by identifying the r&d activities we anticipate will be performed during a given period and then prioritizing efforts based on scientific data, probability of technical and regulatory successful development, market potential, available human and capital resources and other considerations. we continually review our r&d projects based on unmet medical need and, as necessary, reallocate resources among our internal r&d portfolio and external opportunities that we believe will best support the long-term growth of our business.
the following table provides a breakout of our r&d expenses by major cost type:
(in millions, except percentages)                                   2020                  change                    2019                  change                    2018
clinical studies and outside services                          $2,317                    32    %               $1,750                     5    %               $1,665
in 2020, r&d expenses increased by $1.0 billion compared to 2019, primarily due to higher clinical trial expenses related to the investigation of remdesivir as a treatment for covid-19 including material costs, the fourth quarter charge of $190 million (€160 million) in connection with the agreement to amend the existing arrangement with galapagos for the commercialization and development of jyseleca, accelerated stock-based compensation expenses of $166 million related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven, higher investments in oncology programs including magrolimab, an investigational anti-cd47 monoclonal antibody, and to a lesser extent, trodelvy, and accruals for milestone payments of $70 million to pionyr immunotherapeutics, inc. ("pionyr"). the increase was partially offset by lower clinical trial expenses from the completion of certain inflammation programs and lower costs as a result of our pause or postponement of certain clinical trials due to the covid-19 pandemic.
acquired in-process research and development expenses acquired ipr&d expenses reflect ipr&d impairments as well as the initial costs of externally developed ipr&d projects, acquired directly in a transaction other than a business combination, that do not have an alternative future use, including upfront payments related to various collaborations and the initial costs of rights to ipr&d projects. beginning in the second quarter of 2020, acquired ipr&d expenses were reported separately from research and development expenses on our consolidated statements of income. ipr&d assets capitalized are tested for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year, or earlier if impairment indicators exist. no ipr&d impairment charges were recorded in 2020.
acquired ipr&d expenses of $5.9 billion for 2020 were primarily related to our acquisition of forty seven as well as collaborations and other investments we entered into during the year with arcus biosciences, inc., pionyr, tango therapeutics, inc., tizona therapeutics, inc. and jounce therapeutics, inc.
acquired ipr&d expenses of $5.1 billion for 2019 included $3.9 billion in upfront charges related to our global research and development collaboration agreement with galapagos and the $800 million impairment charge from assets obtained in our kite acquisition.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses relate to sales and marketing, finance, human resources, legal and other administrative activities, including information technology investments. expenses consist primarily of personnel costs, facilities and overhead costs, outside marketing, advertising and legal expenses and other general and administrative costs. sg&a expenses also include the branded prescription drug ("bpd") fee. in the united states, we, along with other pharmaceutical manufacturers of branded drug products, are required to pay a portion of the bpd fee, which is estimated based on select government sales during the prior year as a percentage of total industry government sales and is trued-up upon receipt of invoices from the internal revenue service.
in 2020, sg&a expenses increased by $770 million compared to 2019, primarily due to accelerated stock-based compensation expenses of $204 million related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven, a $97 million charge related to a previously disclosed legal settlement, increased corporate grants, costs associated with the commercialization efforts for veklury and to a lesser extent, trodelvy, higher marketing expenses related to biktarvy and donations of remdesivir. the increases were partially offset by lower travel and other spend due to the covid-19 pandemic.
other income (expense), net and interest expense the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our other income (expense), net and interest expense:
(in millions, except percentages)         2020                      change         2019                    change         2018
nm - not meaningful the unrealized losses primarily relating to our investments in galapagos unfavorably impacted other income (expense), net in 2020, compared to unrealized gains in 2019.
income taxes the following table summarizes the period-over-period changes in our income tax expense (benefit):
income tax expense (benefit)                          $1,580                   $(204)                   $2,339
our effective tax rate increased in 2020, compared to 2019, primarily due to a $4.5 billion acquired ipr&d charge recorded in connection with our acquisition of forty seven, $511 million of certain other acquired ipr&d charges and $1.8 billion of unfavorable changes in the fair value of our equity investments in galapagos that are non-deductible for tax purposes. the 2019 effective tax rate included a $1.2 billion discrete tax benefit related to intra-entity intangible asset transfers to different tax jurisdictions.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable debt securities and working capital:
cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities                   $7,910                     $25,840
working capital                                                         $4,599                     $20,537
cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities as of december 31, 2020, decreased by $17.9 billion, or 69%, compared to december 31, 2019. during 2020, we generated $8.2 billion in operating cash flow, utilized $25.7 billion on acquisitions, including ipr&d, net of cash acquired, issued senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $7.2 billion, net of issuance costs, borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion under a three-year term loan facility, repaid $2.5 billion of principal amount of debt, paid cash dividends of $3.4 billion and utilized $1.6 billion on repurchases of common stock. in january 2021, we repaid $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes prior to the april 2021 maturity.
we may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to their maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. our acquisition of myr gmbh is expected to close in the first quarter of 2021. per the agreement, we will make a consideration payment of approximately €1.2 billion in cash (or approximately $1.4 billion) upon closing.
working capital working capital, which is current assets less current liabilities, decreased by $15.9 billion, or 78%, compared to december 31, 2019, primarily due to the utilization of significant cash, cash equivalents and marketable debt securities for our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven as noted above and reclassifications of senior unsecured notes from long-term debt, net. the decrease was partially offset by increased accounts receivables due to veklury sales and the reclassification of a portion of our galapagos equity investments from other long-term assets.
accounts receivable increased by $1.3 billion, compared to december 31, 2019, primarily reflecting increased sales driven by veklury due to covid-19 surge in the fourth quarter of 2020.
operating activities                                          $8,168               $9,144                         $8,400
operating activities cash provided by operating activities represents the cash receipts and disbursements related to all of our activities other than investing and financing activities. operating cash flow is derived by adjusting our net income for non-cash items and changes in operating assets and liabilities. cash provided by operating activities decreased by $976 million to $8.2 billion in 2020 compared to 2019. the decrease was primarily the result of changes in working capital reflecting increases in accounts receivable from the fourth quarter 2020 veklury sales and certain tax payments made to taxing authorities.
investing activities cash used in / provided by investing activities primarily consists of purchases, sales and maturities of our marketable debt securities, capital expenditures, acquisitions, including ipr&d, net of cash acquired, purchases of equity securities and other investments. cash used in investing activities was $14.6 billion in 2020 compared to $7.8 billion in 2019. the change in cash used in / provided by investing activities was due to $25.7 billion of payments made primarily related to our acquisitions of immunomedics and forty seven in 2020, compared to $4.3 billion of payments made primarily related to our collaboration with and equity investments in galapagos in 2019.
financing activities the change in cash provided by / used in financing activities in 2020 compared to 2019, was primarily due to $7.2 billion in proceeds from the september 2020 senior unsecured notes offering, net of issuance costs and $995 million borrowed under a three-year term loan facility, net of issuance costs in october 2020 in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics.
debt and credit facilities the summary of our borrowings under various financing arrangements is included in note 12. debt and credit facilities of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we may choose to repay certain of our long-term debt obligations prior to maturity dates based on our assessment of current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements.
senior unsecured notes offering in september 2020, in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we issued senior unsecured notes consisting of (i) $500 million principal amount of floating rate notes due september 2021 and $500 million principal amount of floating rate notes due september 2023; and (ii) $2.0 billion principal amount of 0.75% senior notes due september 2023, $750 million principal amount of 1.20% senior notes due october 2027, $1.0 billion principal amount of 1.65% senior notes due october 2030, $1.0 billion principal amount of 2.60% senior notes due october 2040 and $1.5 billion principal amount of 2.80% senior notes due october 2050.
senior unsecured notes repayments in 2020 and 2019, we repaid at maturity $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion principal amount of senior unsecured notes, respectively. in january 2021, we repaid $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes prior to the april 2021 maturity.
term loan facility in october 2020, in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion under a three-year term loan facility ("term loan facility").
liability related to future royalties in connection with our acquisition of immunomedics, we assumed a liability related to a funding arrangement, which was originally entered into by immunomedics and rpi finance trust ("rpi"). the liability related to future royalties was primarily included in long-term debt, net on our consolidated balance sheets. see note 6. acquisitions of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
credit facility in june 2020, we terminated our $2.5 billion revolving credit facility maturing in may 2021 (the "2016 revolving credit facility") and entered into a new $2.5 billion revolving credit facility maturing in june 2025 (the "2020 revolving credit facility"), which had terms substantially similar to the 2016 revolving credit facility. the 2020 revolving credit facility can be used for working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, acquisitions. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no amounts outstanding under these revolving credit facilities.
we are required to comply with certain covenants under our notes indentures, and as of december 31, 2020, we were not in violation of any covenants.
capital return program the details of our stock repurchase programs and dividends are included in note 15. stockholders' equity of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
stock repurchase programs in the first quarter of 2016, our board of directors authorized a $12.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2016 program"), under which repurchases may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. we started repurchases under the 2016 program in april 2016.
we purchased 22 million and 26 million shares of our common stock under the 2016 program for $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
in the first quarter of 2020, our board of directors authorized a new $5.0 billion stock repurchase program ("2020 program"), which will commence upon the completion of the 2016 program. purchases under the 2020 program may be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.
as of december 31, 2020, the remaining authorized repurchase amount from both programs was $6.8 billion.
dividends we declared and paid quarterly cash dividends for an aggregate amount of $3.4 billion or $2.72 per share of our common stock and $3.2 billion or $2.52 per share of our common stock in 2020 and 2019, respectively.
on february 4, 2021, we announced that our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend increase of 4.4% from $0.68 to $0.71 per share of our common stock, with a payment date of march 30, 2021 to all stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 15, 2021. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors.
capital resources we believe our existing capital resources, supplemented by cash flows generated from our operations, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future. our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the following:
•the commercial performance of our current and future products;
•the progress and scope of our r&d efforts, including preclinical studies and clinical trials;
•the cost, timing and outcome of regulatory reviews;
•the expansion of our sales and marketing capabilities;
•the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities;
•the possibility of acquiring other companies or new products;
•debt service requirements;
•the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies; and
•costs associated with the defense, settlement and adverse results of government investigations and litigation.
we may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. if such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate and base our estimates on historical experience and on various other market specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue from product sales when control of the product transfers, generally upon shipment or delivery, to the customer, or in certain cases, upon the corresponding sales by our customer to a third party. the revenues are recognized, net of estimated government and other rebates and chargebacks, cash discounts for prompt payment, distributor fees, sales return provisions and other related deductions. these deductions to product sales are referred to as gtn deductions, and are estimated and recorded in the period in which the related product sales occur. variable consideration is included in the net sales price only to the extent a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized is not probable of occurring when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.
government and other rebates and chargebacks represent the majority of our gtn deductions and are subject to a complex estimation process, which requires significant judgment by management in part due to the lag between the date of the product sales and the date the related rebates or chargeback claims are settled. government and other rebates and chargebacks include amounts payable to payers and healthcare providers under various programs, and may vary by product, by payer and individual payer plans. for qualified programs that can purchase our products through wholesalers or other distributors at a lower contractual price, the wholesalers or distributors charge back to us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower contractual price. rebates and chargebacks are estimated primarily based on product sales, and expected payer mix and discount rates, which require significant estimates and judgment. additionally, in developing our estimates of government and other rebates and chargebacks, we consider the following factors:
•historical claims experience and processing time lags;
•known market events or trends;
•market research;
•channel inventory data obtained from our major u.s. wholesalers; and
•other pertinent internal or external information.
we assess and update our estimates every quarter to reflect actual claims and other current information. our actual government and other rebates and chargebacks claimed for prior periods have varied from our estimates by less than 3% of the amounts deducted from product sales for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019. we believe the methodology that we use to estimate our government and other rebates and chargebacks is reasonable and appropriate given the current facts and circumstances. however, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates.
government and other chargebacks that are payable to our direct customers are classified as reductions of accounts receivable in our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $552 million and $655 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. see note 10. other financial information of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information. government and other rebates that are payable to third party payers and healthcare providers are generally recorded in accrued government and other rebates on our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $3.5 billion at december 31, 2020 and 2019. the allowance for sales returns is generally recorded in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets and totaled $587 million and $137 million at december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. the increase in the allowance for sales returns in 2020 reflects the estimated veklury sales returns and an increase of hcv and hiv sales return provisions.
(in millions)                                        balance at beginning of year         decrease/(increase) to product sales   payments                         balance at end of year year ended december 31, 2020:
acquisitions and valuation of intangibles we make certain judgments to determine whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or as business combinations. if it is determined that substantially all of the fair value of gross assets acquired in a transaction is concentrated in a single asset (or a group of similar assets), the transaction is treated as an acquisition of assets. we evaluate the inputs, processes, and outputs associated with the acquired set of activities. if the assets in a transaction include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs, the transaction is treated as an acquisition of a business.
we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally be recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. excess of consideration over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. estimating fair value requires us to make significant judgments and assumptions. we perform impairment testing of goodwill annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired.
in transactions accounted for as acquisitions of assets, no goodwill is recorded and contingent consideration such as payments upon achievement of various developmental, regulatory and commercial milestones generally is not recognized at the acquisition date. in an asset acquisition, upfront payments allocated to ipr&d projects at the acquisition date are expensed unless there is an alternative future use. in addition, product development milestones are expensed upon achievement.
valuation of intangible assets we have acquired, and expect to continue to acquire, intangible assets through asset acquisition, business combination or consolidation of variable interest entities. the identifiable intangible assets are measured at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. intangible assets acquired through business combinations are subject to potential adjustments within the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date. the fair values of the intangible assets are generally determined using a probability-weighted income approach that discounts expected future cash flows to present value. the estimated net cash flows are discounted using a discount rate that is based on the estimated weighted-average cost of capital for companies with profiles similar to our profile and represents the rate that market participants would use to value the intangible assets. the discounted cash flow models used in valuing these intangible assets require the use of significant estimates and assumptions including but not limited to:
•identification of product candidates with sufficient substance requiring separate recognition;
•estimates of projected future cash flows including revenues and operating profits related to the products or product candidates;
•the probability of technical and regulatory success for unapproved product candidates considering their stages of development;
•the time and resources needed to complete the development and approval of product candidates;
•the life of the potential commercialized products and associated risks, including the inherent difficulties and uncertainties in developing a product candidate such as obtaining fda and other regulatory approvals; and
•risks related to the viability of and potential alternative treatments in any future target markets.
we believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.
impairment and amortization of intangible assets intangible assets related to ipr&d projects acquired in a business combination are capitalized as indefinite-lived intangible assets until the completion or abandonment of the associated r&d efforts. during the period the assets are considered indefinite-lived, they are not amortized. when development is complete, which generally occurs if and when regulatory approval to market a product is obtained, the associated assets would be deemed finite-lived and then be amortized based on their respective estimated useful lives at that point in time primarily on a straight-line basis.
indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. estimates of fair value result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and make assumptions at a point in time (acquisition date or subsequent impairment assessment date). changes in estimates and assumptions, including the timing of product launch, pricing reductions, failure to obtain anticipated regulatory approval, deterioration in u.s. and global financial markets or other unanticipated events and circumstances, may decrease the projected cash flows or increase the discount rate and could potentially result in an impairment charge.
the eventual realized value of the acquired ipr&d project may vary from its fair value at the date of acquisition. if the carrying value of an intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to write down the intangible asset to its estimated fair value. for example, in 2019, we recognized an $800 million impairment charge related to ipr&d projects primarily for the treatment of indolent non-hodgkin lymphoma due to changes in estimated market opportunities. a high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products. for example, in 2018, we concluded that the kite-585 program acquired in connection with our acquisition of kite did not justify further efforts based on the totality of the clinical data gathered and discontinued the program. as a result, the carrying value of the ipr&d relating to the kite-585 program was written down to zero and we recorded an impairment charge of $820 million.
intangible assets are also periodically reviewed for changes in facts or circumstances resulting in a reduction to the estimated useful life of the asset, requiring the acceleration of amortization.
see note 9. goodwill and intangible assets of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information on the impairment charges related to our indefinite-lived ipr&d intangible assets.
legal contingencies we are a party to various legal actions. the most significant of these are described in note 14. commitments and contingencies - legal proceedings of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. it is not possible to determine the outcome of these matters. we recognize accruals for such actions to the extent that we conclude that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. we accrue for the best estimate of a loss within a range; however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, then we accrue the minimum amount in the range. if we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss.
significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. because of the inherent uncertainty and unpredictability related to these matters, accruals are based on what we believe to be the best information available at the time of our assessment, including the legal facts and circumstances of the case, status of the proceedings, applicable law and the views of legal counsel. upon the final resolution of such matters, it is possible that there may be a loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial position. we periodically reassess these matters when additional information becomes available and adjust our estimates and assumptions when facts and circumstances indicate the need for any changes. we did not have any material accruals in our consolidated balance sheets for such matters as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
income taxes we estimate our income tax provision, including deferred tax assets and liabilities, based on significant management judgment. we evaluate the realization of all or a portion of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. we consider future taxable income, ongoing tax planning strategies and our historical financial performance in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. if we expect to realize deferred tax assets for which we have previously recorded a valuation allowance, we will reduce the valuation allowance in the period in which such determination is first made.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions including ireland. due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws. for example, the united states enacted significant tax reform, and certain provisions of the new law will continue to significantly affect us. we cannot predict the form or timing of potential legislative changes that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes.
we record liabilities related to uncertain tax positions in accordance with the guidance that clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise's financial statements by prescribing a minimum recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. an adverse resolution of one or more of these uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period.
see note 18. income taxes of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
off balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k.
contractual obligations contractual obligations represent future cash commitments related to significant enforceable and legally binding obligations and certain purchase obligations that we are likely to continue regardless of the fact that they may be cancelable. the expected timing and payment amounts presented below are estimated based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.
the following table summarizes the aggregate maturities of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020:
operating lease obligations(2)         828                                     127      234                                       167                        300
(1)    debt includes principal and future interest payments of senior unsecured notes and the term loan facility. interest payments for our fixed rate senior unsecured notes are incurred and calculated based on terms of the related notes. debt also includes a liability related to future royalty obligations we assumed through the acquisition of immunomedics. see note 6. acquisitions and note 12. debt and credit facilities of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(2)    see note 13. leases of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
(3)    amounts primarily relate to active pharmaceutical ingredients ("api") with minimum purchase commitments and certain inventory-related items, r&d commitments and capital commitments. significant r&d commitments related to clinical studies performed by contract research organizations ("cro"s) are excluded from the table as material cro contracts are cancelable by us.
(4)    in connection with tax reform we recorded a federal income tax payable for transition tax on the mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings that is payable over an eight-year period. the amounts included in the table above represent the remaining federal income tax payable at december 31, 2020.
(5)    as of december 31, 2020, our long-term income taxes payable includes unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties totaling $1.1 billion. due to the high degree of uncertainty on the timing of future cash settlement and other events that could extinguish these unrecognized tax benefits, we are unable to estimate the period of cash settlement and therefore we have excluded these unrecognized tax benefits from the table above.
(6)    we have committed to make potential future milestone and other payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, development and other arrangements. payments under these agreements generally are contingent upon certain future events including achievement of certain developmental, regulatory or commercial milestones. because the achievement of these events is neither probable nor reasonably estimable and such potential payments have not been recorded in our consolidated balance sheets, they have not been included in the table above.
(7)    the consideration payment of approximately €1.2 billion in cash (or approximately $1.4 billion) for our acquisition of myr gmbh, which is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2021, is excluded from the table above. see note 6. acquisitions of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
recent accounting pronouncements the information required by this item is included in note 1. organization and summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.