item 1a: risk factors risk factor summary our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. while there is no assurance that any lists of risks and uncertainties of risk factors is complete, below is a summary of risk factors which impact our business. this summary should be read in conjunction with the "detailed discussion of risk pillars and risk factors" immediately following this summary on pages 25 through 43 in this 2020 annual report on form 10-k. risks which impact our business include but are not limited to:
covid-19 related risk:
•the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
credit risks:
•our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our income and capital.
market risks:
•changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
•uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
liquidity risks:
•changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
•if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
operational risks:
•our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
•we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
•failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
compliance risks:
•we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
•legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
•noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss strategic risks:
•we operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences.
•bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
risks related to the tcf merger:
•combining huntington and tcf may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and huntington and tcf may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
•huntington will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.
detailed discussion of risk pillars and risk factors huntington has formalized a holistic risk governance framework in alignment with the size, complexity, and profile of the company. we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control. our framework is approved by the roc of huntington's board of directors (the board). key components include establishing our risk appetite, lines of defense and risk pillars, governance and committee oversight and limit setting and escalation processes. huntington classifies/aggregates risk into seven risk pillars. huntington recognizes that risks can be interrelated or embedded within each other, and therefore managing across risk pillars is a key component of the framework. the following defines the company's risk pillars.
•credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect our ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•operational risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, including information security breaches or cyberattacks, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud, external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management;
•compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions, or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry;
•strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes; and huntington bancshares incorporated
•reputation risk, which is the risk that negative publicity regarding an institution's business practices, whether true or not, will cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
covid-19 related risk:
the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting, and will likely continue to adversely affect, our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the u.s. and global economy; disrupted u.s. and global supply chains; created significant volatility and disruption in financial markets; contributed to a decrease in the rates and yields on u.s. treasury securities; resulted in ratings downgrades, credit deterioration, and defaults in many industries; increased demands on capital and liquidity; and increased unemployment levels and decreased consumer confidence.  in addition, the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and sheltering in place requirements in many states and communities, including those in our footprint.  the pandemic has caused us, and could continue to cause us, to recognize credit losses in our loan portfolios and increases in our allowance for credit losses.  furthermore, the pandemic could cause us to recognize impairment of our goodwill and our financial assets.  sustained adverse effects may also increase our cost of capital, prevent us from satisfying our minimum regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory requirements, or result in downgrades in our credit ratings.  the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the pandemic, the continued effectiveness of our business continuity plan, the direct and indirect impact of the pandemic on our customers, colleagues, counterparties and service providers, and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic.
governmental authorities have taken significant measures to provide economic assistance to individual households and businesses, stabilize the markets, and support economic growth.  the success of these measures is unknown, and they may not be sufficient to fully mitigate the negative impact of the pandemic.  additionally, some measures, such as a suspension of consumer and commercial loan payments and the reduction in interest rates to near zero, may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations.  we also face an increased risk of litigation and governmental and regulatory scrutiny as a result of the effects of the pandemic on market and economic conditions and actions governmental authorities take in response to those conditions.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in heightened operational risks.  many of our colleagues have been working remotely, and increased levels of remote access create additional cybersecurity risk and opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities.  cybercriminals may increase their attempts to compromise business emails, including an increase in phishing attempts, and fraudulent vendors or other parties may view the pandemic as an opportunity to prey upon consumers and businesses during this time. the increase in online and remote banking activities may also increase the risk of fraud in certain instances.
the length of the pandemic and the effectiveness of the measures being put in place to address it are unknown.  until the effects of the pandemic subside, we expect continued draws on lines of credit, reduced revenues in our businesses, and increased customer defaults.  furthermore, the u.s. economy is experiencing a recession as a result of the pandemic, and our business could be materially and adversely affected by a prolonged recession.  to the extent the pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this 2020 annual report on form 10-k.
we have also participated as a lender in certain government programs designed to provide economic relief in response to the pandemic. we are participating in the sba's ppp as an eligible lender, and while these loans to small business clients benefit from a government guaranty, many of these businesses may face difficulties even after being granted such a loan. we also participated in the federal reserve's main street lending program. as a result of participating in these programs, we face increased risks, including credit, fraud risk and litigation.
2020 form 10-k credit risks:
our acl level may prove to not be adequate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
effective january 1, 2020, huntington adopted asu 2016-13 financial instruments - credit losses (asc topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. upon adoption of asu 2016-13, huntington implemented new credit loss models within our loan and lease portfolio which incorporated historical loss experience, as well as current and future economic conditions over a reasonable and supportable period beyond the balance sheet date. the models materially affected how we determine our acl and report our financial condition and results of operations. for further discussion, see note 2 "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $1.9 billion at december 31, 2020, represented management's estimate of the current expected losses in our loan and lease portfolio (alll) as well as our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit (aulc). we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default depending on economic parameters for each month of the remaining contractual term of the credit exposure. the economic parameters are developed using available information relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover lifetime losses of the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
market risks:
changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. in addition, decisions by the federal reserve to increase or reduce the size of its balance sheet may also affect huntington bancshares incorporated interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in response to the economic consequences of the covid-19 pandemic, the federal reserve lowered its target for the federal funds rate to a range of 0% to 0.25%. such low rates increase the risk in the u.s. of a negative interest rate environment in which interest rates drop below zero, either broadly or for some types of instruments. for example, yields on one-month and three-month treasuries briefly dropped below zero in march 2020. such an occurrence would likely further reduce the interest we earn on loans and other earning assets, while also likely requiring us to pay more to maintain our deposits with the federal reserve bank. although, we have evaluated our systems and have made appropriate changes, our systems may not be able to adequately handle a negative interest rate environment and not all variable rate instruments are designed for such a circumstance. we cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies in response to the outbreak or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client-based transactions.
industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. technological advances have made it possible for our non-bank competitors to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products and for financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-based financial solutions, including mobile payments, online deposit accounts, electronic payment processing, and marketplace lending, without having a physical presence
2020 form 10-k where their customers are located. legislative or regulatory changes also could lead to increased competition in the financial services sector. for example, the economic growth act and the tailoring rules reduce the regulatory burden of certain large bhcs and raise the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large bhcs to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, electronic platforms, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.  for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
uncertainty about the future of libor may adversely affect our business.
libor and certain other interest rate "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international, and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. these reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. on november 30, 2020, the ice benchmark administration, the administrator of libor, announced it will consult on its intention to cease the publication of one-week and two-month tenors of usd libor after december 31, 2021, while all remaining tenors of usd libor would continue to be published until june 30, 2023. therefore, it is expected that publication of all usd libors will cease to exist after june 30, 2023. in parallel, the federal reserve, occ and fdic issued guidance encouraging banks to transition away from usd libor as soon as practicable. the statement suggested that banks should not enter into new transactions referencing usd libor after december 31, 2021.
while there is no consensus on what rate or rates may become accepted alternatives to libor, a group of market participants convened by the federal reserve, the alternative reference rate committee (arrc), has selected sofr as its recommended alternative to libor. the federal reserve bank of new york started to publish sofr in april 2018.  sofr is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by treasury securities that was selected by the alternative reference rate committee due to the depth and robustness of the u.s. treasury repurchase market. at this time, it is impossible to predict whether sofr will become an accepted alternative to libor. in january of 2020, huntington was added as an arrc member.
the market transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate, such as sofr, is complex and could have a range of adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in particular, any such transition could:
•adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of huntington's libor-based assets and liabilities, which include certain variable rate loans, huntington's series b preferred stock, certain of huntington's junior subordinated debentures, certain of the bank's senior notes and certain other securities or financial arrangements;
•adversely affect the interest rates paid or received on, the revenue and expenses associated with or the value of other securities or financial arrangements, given libor's role in determining market interest rates globally;
•prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of huntington's preparation and readiness for the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate; and
•result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in libor-based contracts and securities.
the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate will require the transition to or development of appropriate systems and analytics to effectively transition huntington's risk management and other processes from libor-based products to those based on the applicable alternative reference rate, such as sofr. huntington has developed a libor transition team and project plan that outlines timelines and priorities to prepare its processes, systems and people to support this transition. timelines and priorities include assessing the impact on our customers, as well as assessing system requirements for operational processes. there can be no guarantee that these efforts will successfully mitigate the operational risks associated with the transition away from libor to an alternative reference rate.
huntington bancshares incorporated the manner and impact of the transition from libor to an alternative reference rate, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan and investment and trading securities portfolios, asset-liability management, and business, is uncertain.
liquidity risks:
changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g., changes in fdic insurance, liquidity requirements, etc.), changes in the financial condition of huntington, other banks, or the banking industry in general, changes in the interest rates our competitors pay on their deposits, and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations, and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments to huntington by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our preferred and common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1: business - regulatory matters.
if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources can include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt.  the bank is also a member of the fhlb, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets.  we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank.  the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital.  we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
2020 form 10-k a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our access to capital and could increase our cost of funds.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability, and financial condition, including liquidity.
operational risks:
our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm.
the potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. our operational and security systems and infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. we rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance, failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. for example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. our financial, accounting, data processing, backup, or other operating or security systems and infrastructure may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. such events may include: sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications, or other major physical infrastructure outages; disease pandemics; cyber-attacks; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist attacks. additional events beyond our control that could impact our business directly or indirectly include natural disasters such as earthquakes and weather events, including tornadoes, hurricanes and floods. neither the occurrence nor the potential impact of these events can be predicted, and the frequency and severity of weather events may be impacted by climate changes. in addition, we may need to take our systems off-line if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack. in the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. in addition, our ability to implement backup systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. we frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. this updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems, security monitoring, and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. operational risk exposures could adversely impact our operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
huntington bancshares incorporated we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities, or identity theft. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products, and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
we, our customers, regulators, and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks. these cyber-attacks include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, ransom demands to not expose security vulnerabilities in our systems or the systems of third parties or other security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of confidential, proprietary, and other information of ours, our employees, our customers, or of third parties, damage our systems or otherwise materially disrupt our or our customers' or other third parties' network access or business operations. as cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies, and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement sufficient preventive measures against such security breaches, which may result in material losses or consequences for us.
cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. for example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. in addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists, and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. due to increasing geopolitical tensions, nation state cyber attacks and ransomware are both increasing in sophistication and prevalence.  targeted social engineering and email attacks (i.e. "spear phishing" attacks) are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. in such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched, and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. the speed at which new vulnerabilities are discovered and exploited often before security patches are published continues to rise.  the risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner.
we also face indirect technology, cybersecurity, and operational risks relating to the customers, clients, and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators, and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. as a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence, and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach that significantly degrades, deletes, or compromises the systems or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. this consolidation, interconnectivity,
2020 form 10-k and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, or other information or security breach, termination, or constraint could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or expand our business.
cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. hacking of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, costs associated with maintaining business relationships after an attack or breach; significant business disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation, exposure, or destruction of our confidential information, intellectual property, funds, and/or those of our customers; or damage to our or our customers' and/or third parties' computers or systems, and could result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a cybersecurity event.
cybersecurity and data privacy are areas of heightened legislative and regulatory focus.
as cybersecurity and data privacy risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, cybersecurity and data privacy issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. the federal bank regulatory agencies have proposed regulations that would enhance cyber risk management standards, which would apply to a wide range of large financial institutions and their third-party service providers, including us and the bank, and would focus on cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. several states have also proposed or adopted cybersecurity legislation and regulations, which require, among other things, notification to affected individuals when there has been a security breach of their personal data. for more information regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
we receive, maintain, and store non-public personal information of our customers and counterparties, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information and personal financial information. the sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of these types of information are governed by federal and state law. both personally identifiable information and personal financial information are increasingly subject to legislation and regulation, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information and personal financial information that is collected and handled. for example, in june of 2018, the governor of california signed into law the ccpa. the ccpa, which became effective on january 1, 2020, applies to for-profit businesses that conduct business in california and meet certain revenue or data collection thresholds. for more information regarding data privacy laws and regulations, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
we may become subject to new legislation or regulation concerning cybersecurity or the privacy of personally identifiable information and personal financial information or of any other information we may store or maintain. we could be adversely affected if new legislation or regulations are adopted or if existing legislation or regulations are modified such that we are required to alter our systems or require changes to our business practices or privacy policies. if cybersecurity, data privacy, data protection, data transfer, or data retention laws are implemented, interpreted, or applied in a manner inconsistent with our current practices, we may be subject to fines, litigation, or regulatory enforcement actions or ordered to change our business practices, policies, or systems in a manner that adversely impacts our operating results.
huntington bancshares incorporated we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products, and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions.  acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests.  additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating expected lifetime credit losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have
2020 form 10-k sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information are insufficient.
we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied.
for further discussion, see note 2 - "accounting standards update" to the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington, adversely impacting huntington liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. the most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our common stock, projections of earnings, the discount rates used in the income approach to fair value, and the control premium above our current stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because federal reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends should be paid from current earnings. at december 31, 2020, the book value of our goodwill was $2.0 billion, substantially all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
huntington bancshares incorporated compliance risks:
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations that govern our operations, corporate governance, executive compensation and financial accounting, or reporting, including changes in them, or our failure to comply with them, may adversely affect us.
the banking industry is highly regulated. we are subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by various federal and state regulators, including the federal reserve, occ, sec, cfpb, fdic, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. the statutory and regulatory framework that governs us is generally intended to protect depositors and customers, the dif, the u.s. banking and financial system, and financial markets as a whole - not to protect shareholders. these laws and regulations, among other matters, prescribe minimum capital requirements, impose limitations on our business activities (including foreclosure and collection practices), limit the dividend or distributions that we can pay, restrict the ability of institutions to guarantee our debt, and impose certain specific accounting requirements that may be more restrictive and may result in greater or earlier charges to earnings or reductions in our capital than accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. compliance with laws and regulations can be difficult and costly, and changes to laws and regulations often impose additional compliance costs. both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject have increased in recent years in response to the financial crisis, as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. such regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. further, our failure to comply with these laws and regulations, even if the failure was inadvertent or reflects a difference in interpretation, could subject us to restrictions on our business activities, fines, and other penalties, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, capital base, and the price of our securities. further, any new laws, rules, and regulations could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise adversely affect our business and financial condition.
legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which we are subject increased in response to the financial crisis as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. compliance with these laws and regulations have resulted in and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations, especially those that apply to our consumer operations, which has been an area of heightened focus, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
we expect that the biden administration will seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the trump administration. this reform agenda could include a heightened focus on fair lending, the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, heightened scrutiny on bank secrecy act and aml requirements, topics related to social equity, executive compensation, and increased capital and liquidity, as well as limits on share buybacks and dividends. in addition, mergers and acquisitions could be dampened by increased antitrust scrutiny. we also expect reform proposals for the short-term wholesale markets. it is too early for us to assess which, if any of these policies, would be implemented and what their impact on our business would be.
2020 form 10-k the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
for more information on litigation risks, see note 23 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" to the consolidated financial statements.
noncompliance with the bank secrecy act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations could cause us material financial loss.
the bank secrecy act and the patriot act contain anti-money laundering and financial transparency provisions intended to detect and prevent the use of the u.s. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing activities. the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, requires depository institutions and their holding companies to undertake activities including maintaining an anti-money laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. fincen, a unit of the treasury department that administers the bank secrecy act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the federal bank regulatory agencies, as well as the united states department of justice, drug enforcement administration, and irs.
there is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the ofac. if our policies, procedures, and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures, and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain planned business activities, including acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us.
for more information regarding the bank secrecy act, patriot act, anti-money laundering requirements and ofac-administered sanctions, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
strategic risk:
we operate in a highly competitive industry which depends on our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences.
we are subject to intense competition from both other financial institutions and from non-bank entities, including fintech companies. technology has lowered the barriers to entry, with customers having a growing variety of traditional and nontraditional alternatives, including crowdfunding, digital wallets and money transfer services. the continuous widespread adoption of new technologies, including internet services and mobile applications, and advanced atm functionality, is influencing how individuals and firms conduct their financial affairs and is changing the delivery channels for financial services. our "people-first, digitally-powered" strategic plan considers the implications of these changes in technology. additionally, these changes require us to adapt our product and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and customer preferences. failure to address competitive pressures could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers across our businesses.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to successfully implement our strategic plan as well as adapt existing products and services and develop competitive new products and services demanded by our customers. the widespread adoption of technologies will continue to require substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services and to develop new product or services. additionally, we may not be successful in executing huntington bancshares incorporated our strategic plan, introducing new products or services, achieving market acceptance of new product or services, anticipating or reacting to customers changing preferences or attracting and retaining loyal customers.
we depend on our executive officers and key personnel to continue the implementation of our long-term business strategy and could be harmed by the loss of their services.
we believe that our continued growth and future success will depend in large part on the skills of our management team and our ability to motivate and retain these individuals and other key personnel. the loss of service of one or more of our executive officers or key personnel could reduce our ability to successfully implement our long-term business strategy, our business could suffer, and the value of our stock could be materially adversely affected. leadership changes will occur from time to time, and we cannot predict whether significant resignations will occur or whether we will be able to recruit additional qualified personnel. we believe our management team possesses valuable knowledge about the banking industry and that their knowledge and relationships would be very difficult to replicate. our success also depends on the experience of our branch managers and lending officers and on their relationships with the customers and communities they serve. the loss of these key personnel could negatively impact our banking operations. the loss of key personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.
bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the ccar assessment process and the u.s. basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers ccar, a periodic forward-looking quantitative assessment of huntington's capital adequacy and planned capital distributions and a review of the strength of huntington's practices to assess capital needs. the federal reserve makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio after making all capital actions included in huntington's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. the ccar process is also used to determine huntington's stress capital buffer requirement. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve or occ will respond favorably to our capital plans, planned capital actions or stress test results, and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
we are also required to maintain minimum capital ratios and the federal reserve and occ may determine that huntington and/or the bank, based on size, complexity, or risk profile, must maintain capital ratios above these minimums in order to operate in a safe and sound manner. in the event we are required to raise capital to maintain required minimum capital and leverage ratios or ratios above the required applicable minimums, we may be forced to do so when market conditions are undesirable or on terms that are less favorable to us than we would otherwise require. furthermore, in order to prevent becoming subject to restrictions on our ability to distribute capital or make certain discretionary bonus payments to management, the bank must maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%, and huntington must maintain the applicable stress capital buffer determined as part of the ccar process, which are in addition to our required minimum capital ratios.
for more information regarding ccar, stress testing, and capital and liquidity requirements, refer to item 1: business - "regulatory matters".
if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, finra, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1: business - "regulatory matters". as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines,
2020 form 10-k impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer and business banking products and services are subject to heightened regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. also, federal and state regulators have been increasingly focused on sales practices of branch personnel, including taking regulatory action against other financial institutions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, increase the cost of collection, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
in addition, we are allowed to conduct certain activities that are financial in nature by virtue of huntington's status as an fhc, as discussed in more detail in item 1. regulatory matters. if huntington or the bank cease to meet the requirements necessary for huntington to continue to qualify as an fhc, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a fhc. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by a bhc but not an fhc.
reputation risk:
damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business, including our competitive position and business prospects.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and employees is affected by our reputation. significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including officer, director or employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, security breaches, litigation or regulatory outcomes, compensation practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of personal, proprietary or confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, perception of our environmental, social and governance practices and disclosures, and the activities of our clients, customers, and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation indirectly by association. in addition, adverse publicity or negative information posted on social media, whether or not factually correct, may affect our business prospects. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation, and financial condition.
risks related to the tcf merger:
we have incurred and expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the merger. these costs include legal, financial advisory, accounting, consulting and other advisory fees, severance/employee benefit-related costs, public company filing fees and other regulatory fees and financial printing and other related costs. some of these costs are payable by us regardless of whether or not the merger is completed.
the combined company is expected to incur substantial costs in connection with the related integration. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that may need to be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, payroll, compliance, treasury management, branch operations, vendor management, risk management, lines of business, pricing and benefits. while we have assumed that a certain level of costs will be incurred, there are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration costs. moreover, many of the costs that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these integration costs may result in the combined company taking charges against huntington bancshares incorporated earnings following the completion of the merger, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present.
combining huntington and tcf may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and huntington and tcf may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability to realize the anticipated cost savings from combining the businesses of huntington and tcf. to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from the merger, huntington and tcf must successfully integrate and combine their businesses in a manner that permits those cost savings to be realized. if huntington and tcf are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. in addition, the actual cost savings and anticipated benefits of the merger could be less than anticipated, and integration may result in additional unforeseen expenses.
huntington and tcf have operated and, until the completion of the merger, must continue to operate, independently. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the companies' ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger. integration efforts between the two companies may also divert management attention and resources. in addition, the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic may make it more costly or more difficult to integrate the businesses of huntington and tcf, which, in turn, may make it more difficult for the combined company to realize anticipated synergies or cost savings in the amounts estimated or in the timeframe contemplated or at all. these integration matters could have an adverse effect on each of huntington and tcf during this transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the merger on the combined company.
the future results of the combined company following the merger may suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations.
following the merger, the size of the business of the combined company will increase significantly beyond the current size of either huntington's or tcf's business. the combined company's future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. the combined company may also face increased scrutiny from governmental authorities as a result of the significant increase in the size of its business. there can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits currently anticipated from the merger.
the combined company may be unable to retain huntington or tcf personnel successfully while the merger is pending or after the merger is completed.
the success of the merger will depend in part on the combined company's ability to retain key employees currently employed by huntington and tcf. it is possible that these employees may decide not to remain with huntington or tcf, as applicable, while the merger is pending or with the combined company after the merger is consummated. if huntington and tcf are unable to retain key employees, including management, who are critical to the successful integration and future operations of the companies, huntington and tcf could face disruptions in their operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment costs. in addition, if key employees terminate their employment, the combined company's business activities may be adversely affected and management's attention may be diverted from successfully integrating huntington and tcf to hiring suitable replacements, all of which may cause the combined company's business to suffer. in addition, huntington and tcf may not be able to locate or retain suitable replacements for any key employees who leave either company.
2020 form 10-k the covid-19 pandemic may delay and adversely affect the completion of the merger.
the covid-19 pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions that have adversely affected, and are likely to continue to adversely affect, the business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations of huntington and tcf. if the effects of the covid-19 pandemic cause continued or extended decline in the economic environment and the financial results of huntington or tcf, or the business operations of huntington or tcf are further disrupted as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, efforts to complete the merger and integrate the businesses of huntington and tcf may also be delayed and adversely affected. additional time may be required to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals, and the federal reserve, the occ and/or other regulators may impose additional requirements on huntington or tcf that must be satisfied prior to completion of the merger, which could delay and adversely affect the completion of the merger.
regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the merger.
before the merger and the bank merger may be completed, various approvals, consents and non-objections must be obtained from the federal reserve, the occ and other regulatory authorities. these approvals could be delayed or not obtained at all, including due to any or all of the following: an adverse development in either party's regulatory standing, or any other factors considered by regulators in granting such approvals; governmental, political or community group inquiries, investigations or opposition; changes in legislation or the political environment, including as a result of changes of the u.s. executive administration, congressional leadership and regulatory agency leadership; or impacts and disruptions resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
the approvals that are granted may impose terms and conditions, limitations, obligations or costs, require branch divestitures, or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business or require changes to the terms of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose any such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions or that such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or will otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the merger. in addition, there can be no assurance that any such conditions, limitations, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. additionally, the completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions or decrees by any governmental entity of competent jurisdiction that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
despite the parties' commitments to use their reasonable best efforts to respond to any request for information and resolve any objection that may be asserted by any governmental entity with respect to the merger agreement, neither huntington, tcf nor their respective subsidiaries is required under the terms of the merger agreement to take any action, or commit to take any action, or agree to any condition or restriction in connection with obtaining these approvals, that would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on the combined company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, after giving effect to the merger.
termination of the merger agreement could negatively affect huntington.
if the merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of huntington shareholders or tcf shareholder failing to approve the proposal for the merger, there may be various adverse consequences and huntington may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from their customers and employees. for example, huntington's businesses may have been affected adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. if the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, huntington may be required to pay a termination fee of $238.8 million to tcf.
additionally, huntington has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including legal, accounting and financial advisory costs, as well as the costs and expenses of filing, printing and mailing the joint proxy statement/prospectus huntington bancshares incorporated for the merger, and all filing and other fees paid to the sec in connection with the merger. if the merger is not completed, huntington would have to pay these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the merger.
huntington will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on huntington. these uncertainties may impair huntington's ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed, and could cause customers and others that deal with huntington to seek to change existing business relationships with huntington. in addition, subject to certain exceptions, huntington has agreed to operate its business in the ordinary course prior to closing, and has agreed not to take certain actions, which could cause huntington to be unable to pursue other beneficial opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the merger.
shareholder litigation could prevent or delay the closing of the merger or otherwise negatively affect the business and operations of huntington.
huntington may incur costs in connection with the defense or settlement of any shareholder lawsuits filed in connection with the merger. such litigation could have an adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of huntington and could prevent or delay the consummation of the merger.
the merger agreement subjects huntington to certain restrictions on its business activities prior to the effective time.
the merger agreement subjects huntington to certain restrictions on its business activities prior to the effective time. subject to certain specified exceptions, the merger agreement obligates huntington to, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to, take no action that would reasonably be likely to adversely affect or delay the ability of either huntington or tcf to obtain any necessary approvals of any regulatory agency or other governmental entity required for the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or to perform its respective covenants and agreements under the merger agreement or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on a timely basis. these restrictions could prevent huntington from pursuing certain business opportunities that arise prior to the effective time.
the covid-19 pandemic's impact on the combined company's business and operations is uncertain.
the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic will negatively affect the business, financial condition, liquidity, capital and results of operations of the combined company will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of the covid-19 pandemic, the direct and indirect impact of the covid-19 pandemic on employees, clients, counterparties and service providers, as well as other market participants, and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the covid-19 pandemic. given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances, it is difficult to predict the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the combined company's business, and there is no guarantee that efforts by the combined company to address the adverse impacts of the covid-19 pandemic will be effective.
even after the covid-19 pandemic has subsided, the combined company may continue to experience adverse impacts to its business as a result of the covid-19 pandemic's global economic impact, including reduced availability of credit, adverse impacts on liquidity and the negative financial effects from any recession or depression that may occur.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
2020 financial performance review in 2020, we reported net income of $817 million, a 42% decrease from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year were $0.69, down 46% from the prior year.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2020 increased $6 million from 2019. this reflected the impact of 9% average earning asset growth and a 4% growth of average interest-bearing liabilities. fte net interest margin decreased 27 basis points to 2.99%. average earning asset growth reflects a $4.4 billion, or 6%, increase in average loans and leases. the nim compression reflected an 87 basis point decline in average earning asset yields, a 19 basis point decline in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 79 basis point decrease in average funding costs.
the provision for credit losses was $1.0 billion, up $761 million, or 265%. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily attributed to the deterioration in the macroeconomic environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and risk rating downgrades within the commercial portfolio.
noninterest income was $1.6 billion, up $137 million, or 9%, from the prior year. among the primary drivers, mortgage banking income increased $199 million, or 119%, primarily reflecting higher secondary marketing spreads and an increase in salable mortgage originations. offsetting this increase, service charges on deposit accounts decreased $71 million, or 19%, primarily reflecting reduced customer activity and pandemic-related fee waivers and other noninterest income decreased $23 million, or 13%, reflecting several notable items impacting both periods as well as lower fixed income brokerage revenue, deposit placement fees and operating lease income. notable items in 2020 include a $13 million gain on the annuitization of a retiree health plan and a $5 million gain on the sale of the retirement plan services recordkeeping business, whereas 2019 included a $14 million gain from the sale of wisconsin retail branches.
noninterest expense was $2.8 billion, up $74 million, or 3%, from the prior year. contributing to the increase, personnel costs were up $38 million, or 2%, primarily reflecting increased salaries, incentives, commissions, contract help and overtime expense partially offset by lower payroll taxes. outside data processing and other services increased $38 million, or 11%, primarily driven by expenses related to technology investments. equipment expense increased $17 million driven by increased depreciation and software development expense. offsetting these increases, other noninterest expense decreased $10 million, or 4%, primarily as a result of lower travel and business development expenses partially offset by an increase in the contribution to the columbus foundation.
2020 form 10-k the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.16%, down 72 basis points. the regulatory common equity tier 1 (cet1) risk-based capital ratio was 10.00%, up 12 basis points. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 12.47%, up 121 basis points. the balance sheet growth impact on regulatory capital ratios was largely offset by a change in asset mix during 2020 related to the ppp loans and elevated deposits at the federal reserve, both of which are 0% risk weighted. the capital impact of earnings, adjusted for the cecl transition was largely offset by the repurchase of $92 million of common stock over the last four quarters (primarily in the 2020 first quarter) and cash dividends.  the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio also reflects the issuance of $500 million of series f preferred stock and $500 million of series g preferred stock in the 2020 second quarter and third quarter, respectively.
business overview general our general business objectives are:
•consistent organic revenue and balance sheet growth.
•invest in our businesses, particularly technology and risk management.
•deliver positive long-term operating leverage.
•maintain aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite.
•disciplined capital management.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause significant, unprecedented disruption that affects daily living and negatively impacts the global economy. the pandemic has resulted in temporary closures of many businesses and the institution of social distancing and shelter in place requirements in many states and communities, increasing unemployment levels and causing volatility in the financial markets. as further discussed in "discussion of results of operations," the reduction in interest rates, borrower and counterparty credit deterioration and market volatility, among other factors, impacted our 2020 performance. though we are unable to estimate the magnitude, we expect the pandemic and related global economic crisis will adversely affect our future operating results.
huntington was able to react quickly to these changes because of the commitment and flexibility of its workforce coupled with well-prepared business continuity plans. to ensure the safety of our branch colleagues, while still meeting the needs of our customers, we moved to the use of branches with drive-thru only, with in-person meetings by appointment during shelter-in-place orders. for other colleagues, we have implemented a work-from-home approach with increased communication to keep them informed, engaged, productive and connected. additional benefits have been provided, including medical, emergency paid time off and other programs for those whose families have been directly impacted by the virus. while state and local governments have partially eased temporary business closures and shelter in place requirements and we have opened our branches, we expect our colleagues who have been operating remotely to continue for some period of time. while vaccines have been approved and are being administered throughout our footprint, it remains unknown when, or if, there will be a return to historical normal economic and social activity.
for our customers, we have established a variety of temporary relief programs which include loan payment deferrals, late fee and overdraft waivers and the suspension of foreclosure and repossessions. we continue to work with our customers to originate and renew business loans as well as originated loans made available through the initial small business administration paycheck protection program, a lending program established as part of the relief to american consumers and businesses in the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act ("cares act"). the economic aid to hard-hit small businesses, nonprofits, and venues act ("economic aid act") reopens and extends the ppp loan program. as of february 19, 2021, we have processed approximately 16,000 applications totaling $1.8 billion under the reopened program.
cares act the cares act was passed by congress and signed into law on march 27, 2020. it provides for financial stimulus and government lending programs at unprecedented levels. the benefits of these programs within the economy remain uncertain.  the cares act includes a total allocation of $659 billion for loans to be issued by financial institutions through the sba.  this program is known as the ppp.  ppp loans are forgivable, in whole or in part, if the huntington bancshares incorporated proceeds are used for payroll and other permitted purposes in accordance with the requirements of the ppp.  these loans carry a fixed rate of 1.00% and terms of two or five years, if not forgiven, in whole or in part. the loans also require deferral of principal and interest repayment. the loans are 100% guaranteed by the sba.  the sba pays the originating bank a processing fee ranging from 1% to 5%, based on the size of the loan.  in addition, the frb has implemented a liquidity facility available to financial institutions participating in the ppp ("ppplf").  in conjunction with the ppp, the ppplf will allow the federal reserve banks to lend to member banks on a non-recourse basis with ppp loans as collateral.
additionally, the cares act provides for relief on existing and new sba loans through small business debt relief. as part of the sba small business debt relief, the sba will automatically pay principal, interest and fees of certain sba loans for a period of six months for both existing loans and new loans issued prior to september 27, 2020. to aid small- and medium-sized businesses across our footprint in 2020, we funded more than 38,000 loans in the amount of $6.6 billion through the sba's ppp. as of december 31, 2020, we have an outstanding ppp loan balance of $6.1 billion and have received ppp forgiveness payments of $225 million from the sba. between january 1, 2021 and february 19, 2021, we have received ppp forgiveness payments of an additional $1.2 billion from the sba.
the cares act also provides for mortgage payment relief and a foreclosure moratorium. refer to the "credit risk" section for additional details on customer relief.
economic aid act the economic aid act became law on december 27, 2020. the act reopens and expands the ppp loan program through march 31, 2021. the changes to the ppp program allow new borrowers to apply for a loan under the original ppp loan program ("first draw loan") and the creation of an additional ppp loan for eligible borrowers ("second draw loan"). the economic aid act also revises certain ppp requirements, including aspects of loan forgiveness on existing ppp loans.
federal reserve board actions the frb has taken a range of actions to support the flow of credit to households and businesses. for example, on march 15, 2020, the frb reduced the target range for the federal funds rate to 0 to 0.25% and announced that it would increase its holdings of u.s. treasury securities and agency mortgage-backed securities and begin purchasing agency commercial mortgage-backed securities. the frb has also encouraged depository institutions to borrow from the discount window and has lowered the primary credit rate for such borrowing by 150 basis points while extending the term of such loans up to 90 days. reserve requirements have been reduced to zero as of march 26, 2020.
the frb has established, or has taken steps to establish, a range of facilities and programs to support the u.s. economy and u.s. marketplace participants in response to economic disruptions associated with covid-19, including among others, main street lending facilities to purchase loan participations, under specified conditions, from banks lending to small and medium u.s. businesses.  during 2020, we participated in the main street lending program originating $117 million of loans under these facilities.
economy our 2020 results reflect strong execution across the bank given the pandemic and economic challenges faced by our customers, colleagues, communities and the country. we proactively managed through the continued low interest rate environment and unprecedented economic volatility experienced in the wake of the pandemic. the economy in our footprint continues to strengthen as demonstrated by the strong close to the year in commercial lending and our increasing loan pipelines. additionally, many of the key economic indicators in the region such as unemployment rate, consumer confidence and consumer retail spending, are recovering more quickly than the nation as a whole. we believe that huntington enters 2021 with strong momentum. we are positioned to advance the strategy and long-term financial performance of the company through investments in technology, digital innovation, marketing and people as well as the recently announced acquisition of tcf.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in item 1: business - "regulatory matters" section of this form 10-k.
year ended december 31, change from 2019                                                                  change from 2018
service charges on deposit accounts                               301                        (71)                       (19)                          372                         8                          2                          364
card and payment processing income                                248                           2                          1                          246                        22                         10                          224
trust and investment management services                          189                          11                          6                          178                         7                          4                          171
capital markets fees                                              125                           2                          2                          123                        15                         14                          108
gain on sale of loans                                              42                        (13)                       (24)                           55                         -                          -                           55
net (losses) gains on sales of securities                         (1)                          23                         96                         (24)                       (3)                       (14)                         (21)
outside data processing and other services                        384                          38                         11                          346                        52                         18                          294
professional services                                              55                           1                          2                           54                       (6)                       (10)                           60
amortization of intangibles                                        41                         (8)                       (16)                           49                       (4)                        (8)                           53
marketing                                                          38                           1                          3                           37                      (16)                       (30)                           53
fte adjustment                                                     21                         (5)                       (19)                           26                       (4)                       (13)                           30
huntington bancshares incorporated discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
for a discussion of our results of operations for 2019 versus 2018, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" discussion of results of operations included in our 2019 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 14, 2020.
net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 21% tax rate.
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 2 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities              23                           (588)                           (565)                            23                           205                           228
(1)the change in interest income or expense due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                           average balances change from 2019                                                                      change from 2018
money market deposits                                            25,695                       1,923                          8                         23,772                       2,326                         11                         21,446
core certificates of deposit (4)                                  2,610                     (2,980)                       (53)                          5,590                       1,402                         33                          4,188
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                    216                       (103)                       (32)                            319                          39                         14                            280
(3)for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(4)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more huntington bancshares incorporated table 3 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (continued)
money market deposits                                             100                             260                             148                          0.39                          1.09                          0.69
core certificates of deposit (4)                                   38                             119                              72                          1.44                          2.13                          1.72
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more                    3                               7                               3                          1.18                          1.82                          1.25
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                                                                  0.16                          0.35                          0.27
(3)for purposes of this analysis, nals are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(4)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
(5)average rates include the impact of applicable derivatives. loan and lease and deposit average rates also include impact of applicable non-deferrable and amortized fees.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2020 increased $6 million from 2019. the increase reflects the benefit of a $8.9 billion, or 9%, increase in average total earning assets partially offset by a 27 basis point decrease in the fte nim to 2.99%.
average earning assets for 2020 increased $8.9 billion, or 9%, from the prior year, reflecting loan growth of $4.4 billion, or 6% and an increase of $3.3 billion or 602% in interest-bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank. average loans and leases increased $4.4 billion, or 6%, primarily reflecting an increase of $3.5 billion in average commercial loans, primarily ppp loans, and an increase in average residential mortgage loans and rv and marine loans.
average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $3.2 billion, reflecting an increase in average total interest-bearing deposits of $4.3 billion, or 7%, partially offset by a $1.3 billion or 53%, decrease in short‐term borrowings. the increase in average in interest bearing deposits was primarily driven by business and commercial growth related to the ppp loans and increased liquidity levels in reaction to the economic downturn, consumer growth largely related to government stimulus, increased consumer and business banking account production, and reduced attrition. specifically within core deposits, average total interest bearing demand deposits increased $3.7 billion, or 18%, and average money market deposits increased $1.9 billion, or 8%. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in average core cds of $3.0 billion, or 53% reflecting the maturity of balances related to the 2018 consumer deposit growth initiatives. brokered deposits and negotiable cds increased $1.0 billion or 36%, reflecting balance growth in new and existing brokered deposit accounts.
the nim compression reflected an 87 basis point decline in average earning asset yields, a 19 basis point decline in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 79 basis point decrease in average funding costs. the decline in average earning asset yields is primarily due to lower interest rates on loans (down 84 basis points), a decline in securities yields and elevated deposits at the federal reserve bank. the decline in average funding costs is primarily driven by lower cost of interest-bearing deposits (down 64 basis points) and long-term debt (down 150 basis points).
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "credit risk" section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses expected over the life of the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit.
the provision for credit losses in 2020 was $1.0 billion, up $761 million, or 265%, from 2019. the increase in provision expense over the prior year was primarily attributed to the deterioration in the macroeconomic environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic and risk rating downgrades within the commercial portfolio.
huntington bancshares incorporated noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for each of the periods presented:
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                   change from 2019                                                           change from 2018
service charges on deposit accounts                   301                  (71)                       (19)                       372                     8                          2                       364
card and payment processing income                    248                     2                          1                       246                    22                         10                       224
trust and investment management services              189                    11                          6                       178                     7                          4                       171
capital markets fees                                  125                     2                          2                       123                    15                         14                       108
gain on sale of loans                                  42                  (13)                       (24)                        55                     -                          -                        55
net (losses) gains on sales of securities             (1)                    23                         96                      (24)                   (3)                       (14)                      (21)
noninterest income was $1.6 billion, up $137 million, or 9%, from the prior year. mortgage banking income increased $199 million, or 119%, primarily reflecting higher secondary marketing spreads and an increase in salable mortgage originations. trust and investment management income increased $11 million due to an increase in investment management account fees and an increase in personal trust income reflecting strong sales activities and market performance. while there were no material gains or losses on sales of securities in the current year, 2019 included $22 million of net losses related to the $2 billion portfolio repositioning. offsetting these increases, service charges on deposit accounts decreased $71 million, or 19%, primarily reflecting reduced customer activity and elevated deposits. gains on the sale of loans decreased $13 million, or 24%, due largely to a decline in sba sales gains. other noninterest income decreased $23 million, or 13%, reflecting several notable items impacting both periods as well as lower fixed income brokerage revenue, lower deposit placement fees and operating lease income. notable items in 2020 included a $13 million gain on the annuitization of a retiree health plan and a $5 million gain on the sale of the retirement plan services recordkeeping business whereas 2019 included a $14 million gain from the sale of wisconsin retail branches.
2020 form 10-k noninterest expense the following table reflects noninterest expense for each of the periods presented:
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                       change from 2019                                                                         change from 2018
outside data processing and other services                     384                            38                            11                             346        52                                             18                       294
professional services                                           55                             1                             2                              54                           (6)                       (10)                        60
amortization of intangibles                                     41                           (8)                          (16)                              49                           (4)                        (8)                        53
marketing                                                       38                             1                             3                              37                          (16)                       (30)                        53
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          15,578                          (86)                           (1)    %                     15,664                          (29)                          -    %               15,693
noninterest expense was $2.8 billion, up $74 million, or 3%, from the prior year. personnel costs increased $38 million, or 2%, primarily reflecting increased salaries, incentives, commissions, contract help and overtime expense partially offset by lower payroll taxes. outside data processing and other services increased $38 million, or 11%, primarily driven by expenses related to technology investments. equipment expense increased $17 million driven by increased depreciation and software development expense. other noninterest expense decreased $10 million, or 4%, primarily as a result of a $23 million decrease in travel and business development expense and a $7 million insurance recovery in third quarter 2020. these decreases were partially offset by the $7 million of expense related to the november 2020 debt tender and a $20 million donation to the columbus foundation compared to a $5 million donation during 2019.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 19 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the provision for income taxes was $155 million for 2020 compared with a provision for income taxes of $248 million in 2019. the effective tax rates for 2020 and 2019 were 15.9% and 15.0%, respectively. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, excess tax deductions for stock-based compensation, and capital losses.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2020, a $5 million increase in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal, was recorded for the portion of state deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized, compared to 2019, where there was essentially no change.
risk management and capital risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
huntington bancshares incorporated three board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk appetite and monitoring of our risk profile:
•the audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to the board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•the risk oversight committee assists the board of directors in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of the company's capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the committee has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: credit, market, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. the roc provides assistance to the board in overseeing the credit review division. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•the technology committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. the committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, information security, and redundancy. the committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board of directors. the technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect the company's strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of the company's continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
the audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
the risk oversight and technology committees routinely hold joint sessions to cover matters relevant to both such as cybersecurity and it risk and control projects and risk assessments.
further, through its compensation committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, compliance, strategic, and reputation) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate
2020 form 10-k within an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk factors section included in item 1a: risk factors and the "regulatory matters" section of item 1: business of this form 10-k.
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our investment securities portfolios (see note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. a variety of derivative financial instruments, principally interest rate swaps, caps, floors, and collars, are used in asset and liability management activities to protect against the risk of adverse price or interest rate movements. huntington also uses derivatives, principally loan sale commitments, in hedging its mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments and its mortgage loans held for sale. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we focus on the early identification, monitoring, and management of all aspects of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our continued ongoing expansion of portfolio management resources is central to our our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. in our efforts to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments sits with the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
huntington bancshares incorporated the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
over the course of 2020, we have assessed the impact of covid-19 on our loan portfolio as we would with any natural disaster or significant economic decline. huntington proactively addressed the situation by offering our customers payment deferrals and the suspension of late fees, while also suspending repossession and foreclosures. we believe that these decisions were prudent due to the widespread impact economic conditions had on both commercial and consumer borrowers. during the third quarter, we re-instated late fees and repossessions, while continuing to offer payment help to impacted borrowers. the longer term impact of our response is dependent upon a number of variables, including the prolonged impact of the covid-19 virus and its impact on the economic recovery. continued weakness in the labor market could lead to increased delinquencies and defaults in our consumer portfolio. additionally, increased economic deterioration could lead to elevated default rates in our commercial portfolio, specifically industries highly impacted by covid-19.
huntington initiated a customer centric payment deferral plan in mid-march 2020. the response across the consumer portfolios was immediate, with substantial deferral activity across the portfolio in march and april. our commercial loan deferral activity was initiated in april and may. the vast majority of the deferrals granted to our customers, both commercial and consumer, have expired with positive subsequent payment patterns. the remaining deferrals in the consumer portfolios are centered in the residential portfolio, consistent with the generally longer-term payment deferral time frames. the post deferral performance to date for the consumer portfolios has been positive. our customer assistance teams remain well positioned to continue to help our consumer customers who have been impacted by the current economic conditions. the commercial deferrals were primarily 90 days in length and began to expire in the third quarter of 2020 as expected. for commercial borrowers requiring additional modifications to existing terms and conditions, expiring deferrals were replaced with modified terms and conditions, including payment terms in some instances, to the extent appropriate, as we continue to work with our customers.
the table below summarizes our deferral activity as of december 31, 2020, september 30, 2020, and june 30, 2020 under our covid-19-related forbearance and other customer accommodation programs that are guided by the cares act.
deferred                               deferred                          % of                      deferred                                 deferred                       % of                   deferred                           deferred                       % of
(dollar amounts in millions)                      # of loans                                balance                     portfolio                    # of loans                                  balance                  portfolio                 # of loans                            balance                  portfolio commercial:
(1)    residential mortgage deferrals include gnma serviced loans that entered forbearance and then subsequently were bought out of the pool: 750 loans for $108 million at december 31, 2020 and 1,272 loans for $178 million at september 30, 2020.
total commercial loans and leases were $42.6 billion at december 31, 2020, and represented 52% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans and leases are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. we focus on borrowers doing business within our geographic regions. c&i loans and leases are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner-occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & agribusiness, finance and insurance, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, asset based lending, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value-added expertise to these specialty clients.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi-family, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been pre-sold or pre-leased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
total consumer loans and leases were $39.0 billion at december 31, 2020, and represented 48% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity lines-of-credit, residential mortgages, and rv and marine finance (see consumer credit discussion).
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our core footprint states represents 27% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 6%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit converts to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on huntington bancshares incorporated minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for rising interest rates.
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
rv and marine - rv and marine loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 34 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 23% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including credit cards, personal unsecured loans, and overdraft balances. we originate these products within our established set of credit policies and guidelines.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
our loan portfolio is a managed mix of consumer and commercial credits. at the corporate level, we manage the overall credit exposure and portfolio composition via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned maximum exposure limits as a percentage of capital. c&i lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre project types, loans secured by residential real estate, large dollar exposures, and designated high risk loan categories represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. there are no identified concentrations that exceed the assigned exposure limit. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc of the board of directors and is used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. changes to existing concentration limits, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics, require the approval of the roc prior to implementation.
2020 form 10-k the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by industry type. the changes in the industry composition from december 31, 2019 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
health care and social assistance                                    801                            3,646                       4                    2,498                       3
accommodation and food services                                      781                            3,100                       4                    2,072                       3
professional, scientific, and technical services                     704                            2,051                       3                    1,360                       2
other services                                                       312                            1,613                       2                    1,310                       2
admin./support/waste mgmt. and remediation services                  239                              975                       1                      731                       1
information                                                           77                              829                       1                      649                       1
arts, entertainment, and recreation                                   73                              744                       1                      690                       1
educational services                                                 111                              735                       1                      463                       -
agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting                            19                              157                       -                      154                       -
management of companies and enterprises                               16                              144                       -                      105                       -
(1)    amounts include $2.4 billion and $3.7 billion of auto dealer services loans at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize centralized preview and loan approval committees, led by our credit officers. the risk rating, credit exposure amount, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval. credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions not requiring loan committee approval and have the primary credit authority, with the exception of small business loans. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities huntington bancshares incorporated in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro-portfolio management analysis. we review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate acl amount. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an at least annual basis, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, where available, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 5 "loans / leases" of the notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by frg. frg is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan-level and portfolio-level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable.
the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity while we maintain a focus on high quality originations. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential credit outcomes. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
2020 form 10-k cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 120% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that pre-leasing generate break-even interest-only debt service. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as-needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. for all classes within the consumer loan portfolio, loans are assigned pool level pd factors based on the fico range within which the borrower's credit bureau score falls. the credit bureau score is widely accepted as the standard measure of consumer credit risk used by lenders, regulators, rating agencies, and consumers. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the independent risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
huntington bancshares incorporated automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
huntington underwrites all residential mortgage applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
rv and marine portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 "loans / leases and note 6 "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of specific performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas, nals, tdrs, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, product segmentation, and origination trends in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2020 was weaker than prior periods primarily due to the deterioration in the economic environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. total ncos were $449 million or 0.57% of average total loans and leases, an increase from $265 million or 0.35% in the prior year. there was a 13% increase in npas from the prior year. the acl to total loans ratio was 2.29% at december 31, 2020 compared to 1.18% at december 31, 2019, which primarily reflects the transition to the cecl lifetime loss methodology and the deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
2020 form 10-k npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
commercial loans are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $368 million of commercial related nals at december 31, 2020, $226 million, or 61%, represent loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile, rv and marine and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the following table reflects period-end nals and npas detail for each of the last five years:
nonaccrual loans and leases as a % of total loans and leases            0.65    %                     0.62    %                     0.45    %                     0.50    %                     0.63    %
(2)nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, other real estate owned, and other npas.
the following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each of the last five years:
excluding loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                            0.08   %                  0.08   %                  0.09   %                  0.09   %                  0.12   %
guaranteed by u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                                                0.13                      0.14                      0.13                      0.07                      0.08
including loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                            0.21                      0.23                      0.23                      0.16                      0.19
tdr loans tdrs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. nonaccruing tdrs are included in nals whereas accruing tdrs are excluded from nals, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. tdrs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing and discharge situations.
on march 22, 2020 and april 7, 2020, the federal bank regulatory agencies including the frb and occ released statements encouraging financial institutions to work prudently with borrowers that may be unable to meet their contractual obligations because of the effects of covid-19.  the statements go on to explain that, in consultation with the fasb staff, the federal bank regulatory agencies concluded that short-term modifications (e.g. six months) made on a good faith basis to borrowers who were current as of the implementation date of a relief program are not tdrs.  section 4013 of the cares act, as amended by section 541 of the consolidated appropriations act of 2021, ("cares act") further addresses covid-19 related modifications occurring between march 1, 2020 through january 1, 2022 and specifies that such covid-19 related modifications on loans that were current as of december 31, 2019 are not tdrs.
for covid-19 related loan modifications occurring during 2020, which met the loan modification criteria under the cares act, huntington elected to suspend tdr accounting. for loan modifications not eligible for the cares act, huntington applied the interagency regulatory guidance that was clarified on april 7, 2020. accordingly, insignificant concessions (related to the current covid-19 crisis) granted through payment deferrals, fee waivers, or other short-term modifications (generally 6 months or less) and provided to borrowers less than 30 days past due at march 17,
over the past five years, the accruing component of the total tdr balance has been consistently over 80%, indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments. as of december 31, 2020, over 78% of the $435 million of accruing tdrs secured by residential real estate (residential mortgage and home equity in table 11) are current on their required payments, with over 53% of the accruing pool having had no delinquency in the past 12 months. there is limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs within this group of loans come from the non-accruing tdr balances.
the table below presents our accruing and nonaccruing tdrs at period-end for each of the past five years:
our strategy is to structure tdrs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the initial tdr terms. however, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when a loan matures. often loans are performing in accordance with the tdr terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified terms. these loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for similar credit extensions, both new and existing. if the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing tdr terms, typically an individualized approach to repayment is established. in accordance with gaap, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. a new loan is considered for the removal of the tdr designation. a continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the tdr designation.
the types of concessions granted include below market interest rates, longer amortization or extended maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, as well as principal forgiveness based on the borrower's specific needs at a point in time. our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may be modified. a loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and us.
commercial loans are not automatically considered to be accruing tdrs upon the granting of a concession. if the loan is in accruing status and no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified tdr remains in accruing status. for loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, reasonable assurance of repayment under modified terms and demonstrated repayment performance for a minimum of six months is needed to return to accruing status. this six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.
huntington bancshares incorporated any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a tdr. there are no provisions for the removal of the tdr designation based on payment activity for consumer loans. a loan may be returned to accrual status when all contractually due interest and principal has been paid and the borrower demonstrates the financial capacity to continue to pay as agreed, with the risk of loss diminished.
acl our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb lifetime credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc. combined, these reserves comprise the total acl.
effective january 1, 2020, huntington adopted asu 2016-13 financial instruments - credit losses (asc topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. upon adoption of asu 2016-13, huntington implemented new credit loss models within our loan and lease portfolio. these models incorporate historical loss experience, as well as current and future economic conditions over a reasonable and supportable period beyond the balance sheet date. we make various judgments combined with historical loss experience to generate a loss rate that is applied to the outstanding loan or receivable balance to produce a reserve for expected credit losses.
we use a combination of statistically-based models that utilize assumptions about current and future economic conditions throughout the contractual life of the loan. the process of estimating expected credit losses is based on several key parameters: probability of default (pd), exposure at default (ead), and loss given default (lgd). beyond the reasonable and supportable period (two to three years), the economic variables revert to a historical equilibrium at a pace dependent on the state of the economy reflected within the economic scenario.
these three parameters, pd, ead, and lgd, are utilized to estimate the cumulative credit losses over the remaining expected life of the loan. we also consider the likelihood a previously charged-off account will be recovered. this calculation is dependent on how long ago the account was charged-off and future economic conditions, which estimate the likelihood and magnitude of recovery. our models are developed using internal historical loss experience covering the full economic cycle and consider the impact of account characteristics on expected losses.
future economic conditions consider multiple macroeconomic scenarios provided to us by an independent third party and are reviewed through the appropriate committee governance channels discussed below. these macroeconomic scenarios contain certain geography based variables that are influential to our modeling process, the most significant being unemployment rates and gdp. the probability weights assigned to each scenario are generally expected to be consistent from period to period. any changes in probability weights must be supported by appropriate documentation and approval of senior management. additionally, we consider whether to adjust the modeled estimates to address possible limitations within the models or factors not captured within the macroeconomic scenarios. lifetime losses for most of our loans and receivables are evaluated collectively based on similar risk characteristics, risk ratings, origination credit bureau scores, delinquency status, and remaining months within loan agreements, among other factors.
the macroeconomic scenarios evaluated by huntington during 2020 continued to reflect the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. the baseline scenario used at year-end assumes that the worst of the economic disruption from the pandemic has passed, with the expectation that subsequent waves of the virus will not carry the same level of economic disruption experienced to date. the unemployment variable is incorporated within our models as both a rate of change and level variable. historically, changes in unemployment have taken gradual paths resulting in more measured impacts.
the baseline scenario forecasts stronger gdp growth throughout 2021 compared to the fourth quarter 2020 forecast driven by additional fiscal stimulus anticipated in 2021.
2020 form 10-k the table below is intended to show how the forecasted path of these key macroeconomic variables has changed since cecl implementation:
table 12 - forecasted key macroeconomic variables
(2)base case estimates for stated period in q4 2019 used to model january 1st 2020 implementation adjustment.
the uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic prompted management to continue to assess the macroeconomic environment through the end of the year. management considered multiple macro-economic forecasts that reflected a range of possible outcomes in order to capture the continued severity of and the economic disruption associated with the pandemic. while we have incorporated our estimated impact of covid-19 into our allowance for credit losses, the ultimate impact of covid-19 is still uncertain, including the success of the vaccination programs underway, the resulting rate of virus abatement, how long economic activities will be impacted and what effect the unprecedented levels of government fiscal and monetary actions will have on the economy and our credit losses.
given significant covid-19 specific government relief programs and potential stimulus packages, as well as certain limitations of our models in the current economic environment particularly the level of unemployment, management developed additional analytics to support adjustments to our modeled results. the bank's governance committees reviewed model results of each economic scenario for appropriate usage, concluding that the quantitative transactional reserve (collectively assessed) will continue to utilize the scenario weighting approach established in prior quarters. given the impact of the unemployment variable utilized within the models and the uncertainty associated with key economic scenario assumptions, the december 31, 2020 acl included a material general reserve component to capture this economic uncertainty risk not addressed within the quantitative transaction reserve.
our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of lifetime expected losses in the loan and lease portfolio at the reported date. the loss modeling process uses an ead concept to calculate total expected losses on both funded balances and unfunded commitments, where appropriate. losses related to the unfunded commitments are then recorded as aulc within other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. a liability for expected credit losses for off-balance sheet credit exposures is recognized if huntington has a present contractual obligation to extend the credit and the obligation is not unconditionally cancelable.
huntington adopted asc topic 326 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets in scope of the standard. results for reporting periods beginning after january 1, 2020 are presented under asc topic 326, while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable gaap. upon adoption, huntington recorded an increase to the acl of $393 million and a corresponding decrease to retained earnings of approximately $306 million, net of tax of $87 million. the overall increase to the acl at january 1, 2020 was comprised of a $180 million increase in the commercial alll, a $211 million increase in the consumer alll, and a $2 million increase to the aulc. the increase in the commercial portfolio was largely attributable to adjustments to cover heightened risks of future deterioration in the oil and gas and leveraged lending portfolios. the increase in the consumer portfolio was largely attributable to the longer asset duration associated with many of these products.
the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements).
huntington bancshares incorporated our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. while the total acl balance increased year over year, all of the relevant benchmarks remain strong, while reflecting the level of uncertainty around the future macroeconomic environment resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
2020 form 10-k the following table reflects activity in the alll and aulc for each of the last five years:
table 13 - summary of allowance for credit losses
alll, beginning of year                                                                                       $783                      $772                      $691                      $638                      $598
cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle for financial instruments - credit losses (1)              391                         -                         -                         -                         -
loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
total charge-offs                                                                                            (540)                     (362)                     (268)                     (252)                     (227)
recoveries of loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
net loan and lease charge-offs                                                                               (449)                     (265)                     (145)                     (159)                     (109)
alll, end of year                                                                                            1,814                       783                       772                       691                       638
aulc, beginning of year                                                                                        104                        96                        87                        98                        72
cumulative-effect of change in accounting principle for financial instruments - credit losses (1)                2                         -                         -                         -                         -
provision for (reduction in) unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses                           (41)                        10                         9                      (11)                        22
fair value of acquired aulc                                                                                      -                         -                         -                         -                         4
aulc, end of year                                                                                               52                       104                        96                        87                        98
acl, end of year                                                                                            $1,866                      $887                      $868                      $778                      $736
(1)relates to day one impact of the cecl adjustment as a result of the implementation of asu 2016-13.
huntington bancshares incorporated the table below reflects the allocation of our alll among our various loan categories and the reported acl during each of the past five years:
table 14 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
total alll as % of:
total acl as % of:
(1)percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.
at december 31, 2020, the alll was $1.8 billion or 2.22% of total loans and leases, compared to $783 million or 1.04% at december 31, 2019. of the increase, $640 million relates primarily to the deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, with the remaining $391 million related to transition to the cecl lifetime loss methodology. the majority of the increase was related to the commercial portfolio. the alll to total loans and leases ratio increased 118 basis points to 2.22%
as referenced above, the implementation of cecl resulted in a january 1 adoption impact of $391 million. the acl to total loans ratio was 2.29% at december 31, 2020 compared to 1.18% at december 31, 2019, which primarily reflects the transition to the cecl lifetime loss methodology and the deterioration in the macroeconomic outlook resulting from the covid-19 pandemic.
ncos a loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
commercial loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value by 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine, and other consumer loans are generally fully charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
2020 form 10-k the following table reflects nco detail for each of the last five years:
table 15 - net loan and lease charge-offs
net charge-offs by loan and lease type:
total net charge-offs                                $449                     $265                     $145                     $159                     $109
net charge-offs - annualized percentages:
net charge-offs as a % of average loans              0.57   %                 0.35   %                 0.20   %                 0.23   %                 0.19   %
ncos increased $184 million, or 69%, in 2020. the increase was driven by commercial ncos, which were centered in our oil and gas portfolio, partially offset by a decline in other consumer.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.
huntington measures market risk exposure via financial simulation models, which provide management with insights on the potential impact to net interest income and other key metrics as a result of changes in market interest rates. models are used to simulate cash flows and accrual characteristics of the balance sheet based on assumptions regarding the slope or shape of the yield curve, the direction and volatility of interest rates, and the huntington bancshares incorporated changing composition and characteristics of the balance sheet resulting from strategic objectives and customer behavior. assumptions and models provide insight on forecasted balance sheet growth and composition, and the pricing and maturity characteristics of current and future business.
in measuring the financial risks associated with interest rate sensitivity in huntington's balance sheet, huntington compares a set of alternative interest rate scenarios to the results of a base case scenario derived using market forward rates. the market forward reflects the market consensus regarding the future level and slope of the yield curve across a range of tenor points. the standard set of interest rate scenarios includes two types: "shock" scenarios which are instantaneous parallel rate shifts, and "ramp" scenarios where the parallel shift is applied gradually over the first 12 months of the forecast on a pro rata basis. in both shock and ramp scenarios with falling rates, huntington presumes that market rates cannot go below 0%. the scenarios are inclusive of all interest rate risk hedging activities. forward starting hedges are included to the extent that they have been transacted and that they start within the measurement horizon.
table 16 - net interest income at risk net interest income at risk (%)
basis point change scenario         -25                           +100                          +200
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual ("ramp" as defined above) +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months as well as an instantaneous parallel shock of -25 basis points.
with the continued decline in rates, the down 100 basis point ramp scenario can produce a distorted view of interest rate risks metrics. as a result, the down 100 basis point ramp scenario was replaced with the down 25 basis point shock scenario by the board as a policy metric beginning september 30, 2020. management does consider additional scenarios with forecasted negative market rates which would result in margin deterioration.
the increase in sensitivity was driven by the impact of lower forecast rates on non-maturity deposits resulting in slower balance runoff and higher securities prepayments in the implied forward scenario resulting in more opportunity for reinvestment at higher rates in rising rate environments. additionally, an increase in the securities portfolio and the hedge program have also resulted in increased sensitivity.
our nii at risk is within our board of directors' policy limits for the -25, +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. the nii at risk shows that our balance sheet is asset sensitive at both december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019.
table 17 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario         -25                           +100                          +200
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts ("shocks" as defined above) in market interest rates.
with the continued decline in rates, the down 100 basis point shock scenario can produce a distorted view of interest rate risks metrics. as a result, the down 100 basis point shock scenario was replaced with the down 25 basis point shock scenario by the board as a policy metric beginning september 30, 2020. management does consider additional scenarios with forecasted negative market rates to understand the impact on eve.
we are within our board of directors' policy limits for the -25, +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. the eve depicts an asset sensitive balance sheet profile. the change in sensitivity was driven primarily by lower interest rates slowing deposit runoff and to a lesser extent, expected securities portfolio runoff.
we have libor-based exposure in the form of certain variable rate loans, derivatives, series b preferred stock, long term debt and other securities and financial arrangements. to address the discontinuance of libor in its current form, we have established a libor transition team and project plan under the oversight of the cro and cfo,
2020 form 10-k providing periodic updates to the roc. in reviewing the contract fallback language, certain contracts were identified as needing updated provisions for transition. the libor transition team is coordinating remediation, where necessary. our technology team has undertaken core loan servicing system projects to support alternative reference rates with some already operational and others with target project completion dates in the first half of 2021. additionally, we have developed a sofr-enabled interest rate risk monitoring framework and a strategy for managing interest rate risk during the transition from libor to sofr. during the fourth quarter of 2020, huntington began indexing new retail adjustable rate mortgages to sofr (secured overnight funding rate).  we continue to monitor market developments and regulatory updates, including the recent announcements from the ice benchmark administrator to extend the cessation date for several usd libor tenors to june 30, 2023. for a discussion of the risks associated with the libor transition to alternative reference rates, refer to "item 1a: risk factors."
use of derivatives to manage interest rate risk an integral component of our interest rate risk management strategy is the use of derivative instruments to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings caused by changes in market interest rates. examples of derivative instruments that we may use as part of our interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, and forward starting interest rate swaps.
huntington has entered into a number of interest rate derivative contracts to manage our interest rate risk position which are economic hedges (i.e., do not receive hedge accounting treatment). the impact of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as economic hedges are reported in current period earnings. while these interest rate derivatives are used to reduce the long-term interest rate sensitivity, these economic hedges can result in short-term volatility in net interest income as a result of the changes in interest rates.
table 18 shows all swap, floor and cap positions that are utilized for purposes of managing our exposures to the variability of interest rates. these positions are used to convert the contractual interest rate index of agreed-upon amounts of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index or to hedge forecasted transactions for the variability in cash flows attributable to the contractually specified interest rate. the volume, maturity and mix of portfolio derivative positions change frequently as we adjust our broader interest rate risk management objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. for further information, including the notional amount and fair values of these derivatives, refer to note 21 "derivative financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
huntington bancshares incorporated the following table presents additional information about the interest rate swaps, floors and caps used in huntington's asset and liability management activities at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019.
table 18 - weighted-average maturity, receive rate and libor reset rate on asset liability management instruments december 31, 2020
basis swaps pay sofr- receive fed fund (economic hedges) (4)                            $230                                                      4.66                            $-                                            0.09                                          0.10
pay fed fund - receive sofr (economic hedges) (4)                             41                                           1.98                                        -                                            0.09                                          0.09
purchased floor spread - 1 month libor (economic hedges)                   1,000                                                      2.29                            18                                                 1.75 / 1.00                              0.16
interest rate caps purchased cap - 1 month libor (economic hedges)                            5,000                                                      6.91                            91                                            0.98                                          0.15
(1)amounts include interest rate swaps as fair value hedges of fixed-rate investment securities using the last-of-layer method.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 7 - "mortgage loan sales and servicing rights" of notes to consolidated financial statements.)
on january 1, 2020, huntington made an irrevocable election to subsequently measure all classes of residential msrs at fair value in order to eliminate any potential measurement mismatch between our economic hedges and the msrs. the impact of the irrevocable election was not material.
at december 31, 2020, we had a total of $210 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $23 billion in mortgage loans.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we also employ hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report changes in the msr value net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income.
msr assets are included in servicing rights and other intangible assets in the consolidated financial statements.
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, foreign exchange positions, derivative instruments, and equity investments. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. liquidity risk is managed centrally by corporate treasury. the position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into retail and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. core deposits comprised approximately 96% of total deposits at december 31, 2020. we also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the fhlb, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled $10.8 billion as of december 31, 2020. the treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress scenario. an example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an huntington bancshares incorporated evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.
during 2020, huntington heightened its overall liquidity risk management process, including additional communication, monitoring, and reporting, given changes in the economic environment as a result of covid-19. overnight funding markets continue to demonstrate ample liquidity with the ability to obtain short-term funding. we continue to closely monitor wholesale funding markets and all government sponsored programs in relation to huntington's liquidity position.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 - "investment securities and other securities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established alco objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the composition and contractual maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                      $12,831                     $10,458                      $9,968
federal agency and other agency securities                                       $8,858                      $9,066                      $8,560
non-marketable equity securities (1)                                               $359                        $387                        $543
marketable equity securities                                                          9                           1                           2
(1)consists of fhlb and frb restricted stock holdings carried at par.
(2)the average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.
bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are retail and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2020, these core deposits funded 77% of total assets (116% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts have been reclassified as loan balances and were $14 million and $25 million at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
the following table reflects contractual maturities of certain deposits at december 31, 2020.
table 21 - maturity schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable cds at december 31, 2020
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                          3 monthsor less                          3 monthsto 6 months                         6 monthsto 12 months                          12 monthsor more                     total other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds              $4,237                                         $54                                          $45                                        $18                             $4,354
other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds              $4,326                                        $197                                         $162                                        $83                             $4,768
huntington bancshares incorporated the following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last three years:
money market deposits                                 26,248                27                   24,726                30                   22,721                27
core certificates of deposit (2)                       1,425                 1                    4,356                 5                    5,924                 7
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more              131                 -                      313                 -                      337                 -
(1)december 31, 2018 includes $210 million of noninterest-bearing and $662 million of interesting bearing deposits classified as held-for-sale.
(2)includes consumer certificates of deposit of $250,000 or more.
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. total loans and securities pledged to the federal reserve bank discount window and the fhlb are $53.4 billion and $39.6 billion at december 31, 2020 and december 31, 2019, respectively.
to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding, asset securitization or sale. sources of wholesale funding include other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, brokered deposits and negotiable cds, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. at december 31, 2020, total wholesale funding was $12.8 billion, a decrease from $15.3 billion at december 31, 2019. the decrease from the prior year-end primarily relates to an decrease in short-term borrowings and maturity, redemption and tender of long-term debt, partially offset by a increase in brokered deposits and negotiable cds.
at december 31, 2020, we believe the bank has sufficient liquidity to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
table 23 - maturity schedule of commercial loans at december 31, 2020
(dollar amounts in millions)                    one year                        one to                         after                       total                    percent or less                    five years                    five years                                               of total commercial and industrial                    $9,329                      $21,603                        $4,441                       $35,373                        83    %
percent of total                                 25    %   61                        %                      14     %                     100   %
at december 31, 2020, the market value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $14.4 billion. there were no securities of a single issuer, which are not governmental or government-sponsored, that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2020.
2020 form 10-k parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
on january 20, 2021, the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.15 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 1, 2021, to shareholders of record on march 18, 2021. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.15 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $153 million per quarter. on january 20, 2021, the board of directors declared a quarterly series b, series c, series d, series e, series f, and series g preferred stock dividend payable on april 15, 2021 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2021. total cash demands required for series b, series c, series d, series e, series f, and series g preferred stock are expected to be approximately $31 million per quarter.
during 2020, the bank paid preferred and common dividends of $45 million and $1.5 billion, respectively. to meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps and floors, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 23 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
interest rate swaps balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. see note 21 - "derivative financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 23 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
huntington bancshares incorporated commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 23 - "commitments and contingent liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
we believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
certificates of deposit and other time deposits               1,591                             336                            55                     -                                       1,982
operating lease obligations                                      43                              79                            58                                77                             257
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error, third-party performance failures, inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, failed business contingency plans, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. we actively monitor cyberattacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data.
we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses. cybersecurity threats have increased, primarily through covid-19 themed phishing campaigns.  we are actively monitoring our email gateways for malicious phishing email campaigns.  we have also increased our cybersecurity monitoring activities through the implementation of specific monitoring of remote connections by geography and volume of connections to detect anomalous remote logins, since a significant portion of our workforce is now working remotely.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
to mitigate operational risks, we have an operational risk committee, a legal, regulatory, and compliance committee, a funds movement committee, and a third party risk management committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and
2020 form 10-k ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and remediation recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc and the audit committee, as appropriate. significant findings or issues are escalated by the third party risk management committee to the technology committee of the board, as appropriate.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk-monitoring techniques and strategies; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the "regulatory matters" section included in part i, item 1: business and note 24 - "other regulatory matters" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
the u.s. federal banking regulatory agencies have permitted bhcs and banks to phase-in, for regulatory capital purposes, the day-one impact of the new cecl accounting rule on retained earnings over a period of three years. as part of its response to the impact of covid-19, the u.s. federal banking regulatory agencies issued a final rule that provides the option to temporarily delay certain effects of cecl on regulatory capital for two years, followed by a three-year transition period. the final rule allows bhcs and banks to delay for two years 100% of the day-one impact of adopting cecl and 25% of the cumulative change in the reported allowance for credit losses since adopting cecl. huntington has elected to adopt the final rule, which is reflected in the regulatory capital data presented below.
huntington bancshares incorporated regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including cet1, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
table 25 - capital under current regulatory standards (basel iii)
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio:
regulatory capital adjustments:
accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) offset                                  (192)                                             256
goodwill and other intangibles, net of taxes                                        (2,107)                                         (2,153)
cet 1 capital                                                                         8,887                                           8,647
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                    2,196                                           1,207
tier 1 capital                                                                       11,083                                           9,854
total risk-based capital                                                            $12,856                                         $11,413
risk-weighted assets (rwa)                                                          $88,878                                         $87,512
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                        10.00       %                                    9.88       %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                       12.47                                           11.26
total risk-based capital ratio                                                        14.46                                           13.04
(1)the cecl transitional amount includes the impact of huntington's adoption of the new cecl accounting standard on january 1, 2020 and 25 percent of the increase in reserves from january 1, 2020 through december 31, 2020.
table 26 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
consolidated capital calculations:
(1)other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
2020 form 10-k the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for each of the periods presented:
table 27 - regulatory capital data (1)
total risk-weighted assets                   consolidated           $88,878                     $87,512
cet 1 risk-based capital                     consolidated             8,887                       8,647
tier 1 risk-based capital                    consolidated            11,083                       9,854
tier 2 risk-based capital                    consolidated             1,774                       1,559
total risk-based capital                     consolidated            12,856                      11,413
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio               consolidated             10.00   %                    9.88   %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio              consolidated             12.47                       11.26
total risk-based capital ratio               consolidated             14.46                       13.04
at december 31, 2020, we maintained basel iii capital ratios in excess of the well-capitalized standards established by the frb. the balance sheet growth impact on regulatory capital ratios was largely offset by a change in asset mix during 2020 related to ppp loans and elevated deposits at the federal reserve, both of which are 0% risk weighted. the capital impact of earnings, adjusted for the cecl transition, was largely offset by the repurchase of $92 million of common stock over the last four quarters (primarily in the 2020 first quarter) and cash dividends.  the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital and total risk-based capital ratios also reflect the issuance of $500 million of series f preferred stock and $500 million of series g preferred stock in the 2020 second quarter and third quarter, respectively.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $13.0 billion at december 31, 2020, an increase of $1.2 billion or 10% when compared with december 31, 2019 due to the issuance of $500 million of series f preferred stock and $500 million of series g preferred stock in the 2020 second quarter and third quarter, respectively.
on february 2, 2021, huntington issued $500 million of preferred stock. huntington issued 20,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th ownership interest in a share of 4.50% series h non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (preferred h stock), par value $0.01 per share, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share).
on june 25, 2020, we were notified by the frb that certain large bhcs, including huntington, were required to update and resubmit their capital plans because of changes in financial markets and the macroeconomic outlook that could have a material impact on the bhc's risk profile and financial condition required the use of updated scenarios. on december 18, 2020, we were notified by the frb that under both of the severely adverse and the alternative severely adverse economic stress scenarios in the supervisory stress tests, our modeled capital ratios huntington bancshares incorporated would continue to exceed the minimum requirements under the frb's capital adequacy rules. in addition, the frb announced that they were extending, through march 31, 2021, the time period for the frb to notify certain large bhcs, including huntington, whether the frb will recalculate bhc's stress capital buffer.
the frb also announced that certain large bhcs, including huntington, will be permitted to make both dividend and share repurchases during the first quarter of 2021, subject to limits based on the amount of dividends paid in the second quarter of 2020 and the bank's average net income for the four preceding quarters. our first quarter dividend that was declared by the board of directors on january 22, 2021 complies with these limits. the frb will conduct additional analysis each quarter to determine if the restrictions on first quarter capital distributions should be extended to future quarters.
dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our strong capital ratios position us to take advantage of additional capital management opportunities.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. we have four major business segments: consumer and business banking, commercial banking, vehicle finance, and regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg). the treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
business segment results are determined based upon our management practices, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
for a discussion of business segment trends for 2019 versus 2018, see "part ii, item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" business segment discussion included in our 2019 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 14, 2020.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
2020 form 10-k expense allocation the management process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all four business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the four business segments.
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate net interest income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities).
net income by business segment net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 28 - net income by business segment year ended december 31,
consumer and business banking          $270                            $635                            $502
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, derivatives and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the four business segments. assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance.
net interest income includes the impact of administering our investment securities portfolios, the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity as well as the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above. noninterest income includes miscellaneous fee income not allocated to other business segments, such as bank owned life insurance income and securities and trading asset gains or losses. noninterest expense includes certain corporate administrative, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments. the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 21% tax rate, although our overall effective tax rate is lower.
huntington bancshares incorporated consumer and business banking table 29 - key performance indicators for consumer and business banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2019
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)              7,908                           8,000                            (92)                           (1)    %                                              8,348
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.40    %                       0.58    %                     (0.18)    %                     (31)                                                    0.49   %
consumer and business banking, including home lending, reported net income of $270 million in 2020, a decrease of $365 million, or 57%, compared with net income of $635 million in 2019. segment net interest income decreased $330 million, or 19%, due to decreased spread on deposits. the provision for credit losses increased $151 million, or 132% due to the deteriorating economic environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. noninterest income increased $120 million, or 15%, primarily due to increased mortgage banking income, partially offset by lower service charge income reflecting reduced customer activity and elevated deposit levels. noninterest expense increased $101 million, or 6%, due to increased personnel and allocated overhead, slightly offset by lower occupancy and equipment expense as a result of branch consolidations and divestitures, along with decreased travel.
home lending, an operating unit of consumer and business banking, reflects the result of the origination, sale, and servicing of mortgage loans less referral fees and net interest income for mortgage banking products distributed by the retail branch network and other business segments. home lending reported net income of $78 million in 2020, compared with a net income of $23 million in the prior year. noninterest income increased $179 million, driven primarily by higher secondary marketing spreads and an increase in salable mortgage originations. noninterest expense increased $80 million due to higher personnel expense as a result of higher origination volumes.
commercial banking table 30 - key performance indicators for commercial banking year ended december 31,                                              change from 2019
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)              1,276                           1,317                            (41)                           (3)    %                                              1,256
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          1.11    %                       0.34    %                       0.77    %                      226                                                  (0.03)   %
commercial banking reported net income of $78 million in 2020, a decrease of $475 million, or 86%, compared to the year ago period. segment net interest income decreased $134 million, or 13%, primarily due to a 45 basis point decrease in net interest margin driven by a sharp decline in the benefit of deposits.  the provision for credit losses increased $494 million, or 374%, due to the deteriorating economic environment as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as an increase incurred losses largely driven by oil and gas, a coal-related credit and a large retail mall reit relationship. noninterest income increased $5 million, or 1%, largely driven by an increase in treasury management related revenue reflecting the impact of lower earnings credits on commercial deposit service charges, partially offset by a decline in the gains on sale of loans and leases. noninterest expense decreased $22 million, or 4%, primarily due to personnel expense reflecting a reduction in incentives and a 3% reduction in full-time equivalent employees, and lower travel and business development expense as a result of covid-19 related shelter-in-place ordinances, partially offset by an increase in outside data processing and other services.
vehicle finance table 31 - key performance indicators for vehicle finance year ended december 31,                                      change from 2019
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                266                             265                          1                          -    %                                          264
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                          0.23    %                       0.22    %                  0.01    %                     5                                              0.23   %
vehicle finance reported net income of $120 million in 2020, a decrease of $52 million, or 30%, compared with net income of $172 million in 2019. the decrease was primarily driven by a $102 million increase in the provision for loan losses due to the changes in the economic outlook as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. segment net interest income increased $33 million or 8%, due to a 11 basis point increase in the net interest margin and a $0.5 billion increase in average loan balances. the increase in average loan balances reflects strong indirect auto and rv and marine originations over the past 12 months which have more than offset lower commercial balances as a result of lower floor plan line utilization. noninterest income decreased $3 million primarily as a result of lower servicing revenue as the remaining underlying serviced loans were repurchased during the latter half of 2020, while noninterest expense decreased $7 million, or 5%, primarily reflecting lower allocated overhead.
huntington bancshares incorporated regional banking and the huntington private client group table 32 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group year ended december 31,                                                        change from 2019
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                1,018                                     1,057                                 (39)                                 (4)     %                                                       1,026
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                            0.01      %                               0.02      %                        (0.01)     %                          (50)                                                                 -   %
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                   $19.8                                     $17.5                                 $2.3                                  13                                                             $15.3
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                              123.0                                     121.8                                  1.2                                   1                                                             105.1
eop-end of period.
rbhpcg reported net income of $85 million in 2020, a decrease of $28 million, or 25%, compared with a net income of $113 million in 2019. net interest income decreased $38 million, or 19%, due to an 82 basis point decrease in net interest margin, reflecting both lower deposit and loan spreads. average loans increased $0.4 billion, or 7%, primarily due to residential real estate mortgage loans, and average deposits increased $0.5 billion, or 9%, primarily related to ppp, stimulus, and higher customer liquidity levels. noninterest income increased $3 million, or 2%, primarily due to the gain on sale of retirement plan services recordkeeping and administrative services, higher residential title and life insurance fees, and an increase in assets under management. noninterest expense decreased $13 million, or 5%, primarily due to lower travel and business development expense as well as lower sponsorships due to delays or cancellation of events.
results for the fourth quarter earnings discussion in the 2020 fourth quarter, we reported net income of $316 million, a decrease of $1 million, from the 2019 fourth quarter. diluted earnings per common share for the 2020 fourth quarter were $0.27, a decrease of $0.01 from the year-ago quarter.
net interest income / average balance sheet fte net interest income for the 2020 fourth quarter increased $44 million, or 6%, from the 2019 fourth quarter. this reflected a $12.2 billion, or 12%, increase in average earning assets, partially offset by an 18 basis point decrease in the fte net interest margin to 2.94%. the nim compression reflected a 90 basis point decrease in average earning asset yields and a 25 basis point decrease in the benefit of non-interest bearing funding sources, partially offset by a 97 basis point decrease in the cost of interest bearing liabilities. these decreases reflected the impact of lower interest rates and changes in balance sheet mix, including elevated deposits at the federal reserve bank.
2020 form 10-k table 33 - average earning assets - 2020 fourth quarter vs. 2019 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                                  change
average earning assets for the 2020 fourth quarter increased $12.2 billion, or 12%, from the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting a $6.0 billion, or 8%, increase in average total loans and leases. average c&i loans increased $4.5 billion, or 15%, primarily reflecting $6.2 billion of average ppp loans, partially offset by a $0.9 billion decrease in dealer floorplan loans. average residential mortgage loans increased $0.8 billion, or 7%, reflecting robust mortgage production in the second half of 2020. average rv and marine loans increased $0.6 billion, or 17%, reflecting strong consumer demand and continued strong production levels. average held-for-sale and other earning assets increased $5.2 billion, or 291%, primarily reflecting the $4.8 billion increase in interest bearing deposits at the federal reserve bank. average total securities increased $0.9 billion, or 4%, primarily reflecting the net purchase of securities during the 2020 fourth quarter and the $0.2 billion mark-to-market of the available-for-sale portfolio.
table 34 - average interest-bearing liabilities - 2020 fourth quarter vs. 2019 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                                  change
money market deposits                                 26,144                              24,560                               1,584                                   6
core certificates of deposit                           1,479                               4,795                             (3,316)                                (69)
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more              139         313                                                       (174)                                (56)
average total interest-bearing liabilities for the 2020 fourth quarter increased $3.7 billion, or 5%, from the year-ago quarter. average interest-bearing demand deposits increased $5.0 billion, or 25%, average savings and other domestic deposits increased $1.9 billion, or 20%, and average money market deposits increased $1.6 billion, or 6%. average brokered deposits and negotiable cds increased $1.5 billion, or 58%, reflecting balance growth in new and existing brokered deposit accounts. partially offsetting these increases, average core cds decreased $3.3 billion, or 69%, reflecting the maturity of balances related to the 2018 consumer deposit growth initiatives. average total debt decreased $2.8 billion, or 24%, reflecting the repayment of short‐term borrowings, the maturity and issuance of $2.1 billion and $1.2 billion of long-term debt, respectively, over the past five quarters, and the purchase of $0.5 billion of long-term debt under the tender offer completed in november 2020, all due to the strong core deposit growth.
noninterest income table 35 - noninterest income - 2020 fourth quarter vs. 2019 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                                  change
service charges on deposit accounts                    78                                  95                                (17)                                (18)
card and payment processing income                     65                                  64                                   1                                   2
trust and investment management services               49                                  47                                   2                                   4
capital markets fees                                   34                                  31                                   3                                  10
gain on sale of loans                                  13                                  16                                 (3)                                (19)
net (losses) gains on sales of securities               -                                (22)                                  22                                 100
noninterest income for the 2020 fourth quarter increased $37 million, or 10%, from the year-ago quarter. mortgage banking income increased $32 million, or 55%, primarily reflecting higher volume and overall salable spreads, partially offset by a $16 million decrease in income from net mortgage servicing rights (msr) risk management. the 2020 fourth quarter included no net gains or losses on sales of securities, while the year-ago quarter included $22 million of net losses related to the $2 billion portfolio repositioning completed in the quarter. service charges on deposits accounts decreased $17 million, or 18%, primarily reflecting reduced customer activity and elevated deposits.
noninterest expense table 36 - noninterest expense - 2020 fourth quarter vs. 2019 fourth quarter fourth quarter                                                                  change
outside data processing and other services                     111                                  89                                  22                                  25
professional services                                           21                                  14                                   7                                  50
amortization of intangibles                                     10                                  12                                 (2)                                (17)
marketing                                                       15                                   9                                   6                                  67
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          15,477                              15,495                                (18)                                   -     %
noninterest expense for the 2020 fourth quarter increased $55 million, or 8%, from the year-ago quarter. outside data processing and other services expense increased $22 million, or 25%, primarily driven by expenses related to technology investments. other noninterest expense increased $19 million, or 33%, primarily reflecting a $20 million donation to the columbus foundation and $7 million of expense from the november 2020 debt tender, partially offset by a $4 million final true-up of the earn out related to the hutchinson, shockey, erley & co. acquisition in the year-ago quarter. equipment expense increased $7 million, or 17%, primarily reflecting increased depreciation expense related to technology investments as well as expense related to the branch and facilities consolidations announced in the 2020 third quarter. professional services expense increased $7 million, or 50%, due to $8 million of tcf merger-related expense. marketing increased $6 million, or 67%, primarily reflecting strategic
2020 form 10-k marketing campaigns. the 2020 fourth quarter and 2019 fourth quarter included $6 million and $25 million of total noninterest expense, respectively, related to the previously-announced position reductions and consolidation of branches and other corporate facilities.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 1 - "significant accounting policies" and note 19 - "income taxes" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2020, the company had a net federal deferred tax liability of $158 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $24 million.
credit quality ncos ncos increased $39 million year-over-year to $112 million. the increase in commercial ncos was related to the loss incurred on loan sales from one retail mall reit relationship, while the decrease in consumer ncos reflected continued strong performance in those portfolios. ncos represented an annualized 0.55% of average loans and leases in the current quarter, relatively unchanged from the prior quarter and up from 0.39% in the year-ago quarter.
nals asset quality metrics remained in line with overall expectations. the consumer portfolio metrics remained relatively stable, reflecting normal seasonal impacts. the commercial portfolio metrics reflected continued volatility in the oil and gas portfolio, while the remainder of the commercial portfolio has performed well.
nals increased $64 million, or 14%, from the year-ago quarter to $532 million, or 0.65% of total loans and leases. the year-over-year increase was primarily in the c&i portfolio. oreo balances decreased $7 million, or 64%, from the year-ago quarter. npas increased to $563 million, or 0.69% of total loans and leases and oreo. on a linked quarter basis, nals decreased $37 million, or 7%, while npas decreased $39 million, or 6%.
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 - "loans / leases" and note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the alll increased by $1.0 billion from the year ago quarter, increasing as a percentage of total loans and leases to 2.22% compared to 1.04% a year ago. the alll as a percentage of period-end total nals increased to 341% from 167% over the same period. the acl increased by $1.0 billion from the year-ago quarter to $1.9 billion, or 2.29% of total loans and leases. on a linked quarter basis, the acl decreased $12 million. we believe the levels of the alll and acl are appropriate given the current level of problem loans and the economic outlook.
huntington bancshares incorporated table 37 - selected quarterly financial information three months ended
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                       59                                  55                                31                              10
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (5)
fte adjustment                                                              5                                   5                                 5                               6
table 38 - selected quarterly capital data capital adequacy (basel iii)                                                                                                                                             2020
(dollar amounts in millions)                                         december 31,                    september 30,                     june 30,                     march 31, total risk-weighted assets                                         $88,878                          $88,417                        $87,323                      $90,193
cet 1 risk-based capital ratio                                       10.00                             9.89                           9.84                         9.47
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end)                         12.47                            12.37                          11.79                        10.81
total risk-based capital ratio (period end)                          14.46                            14.39                          13.84                        12.74
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio (7)               9.74                             9.70                           9.69                         9.32
(1)other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(2)net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(3)noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(5)tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(6)tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(7)tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-gaap financial measures. additionally, any ratios utilizing these financial measures are also non-gaap. these financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. other companies may calculate these financial measures differently.
table 39 - selected quarterly financial information three months ended
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                       55                                  67                                63                              63
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets (5)
fte adjustment                                                              6                                   6                                 7                               7
huntington bancshares incorporated table 40 - selected quarterly capital data capital adequacy (basel iii)                                                                                                                                             2019
(dollar amounts in millions)                                         december 31,                    september 30,                     june 30,                     march 31, total risk-weighted assets                                         $87,512                          $86,719                        $86,332                      $85,966
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                       9.88                            10.02                           9.88                         9.84
total risk-based capital ratio                                       11.26                            11.41                          11.28                        11.25
tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio                               13.04                            13.29                          13.13                        13.11
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio (7)               9.62                             9.83                           9.58                         9.34
(1)other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability.
(2)net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible shareholders' equity. average tangible shareholders' equity equals average total shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(3)noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(5)tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(6)tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax.
(7)tangible equity, tangible common equity, and tangible assets are non-gaap financial measures. additionally, any ratios utilizing these financial measures are also non-gaap. these financial measures have been included as they are considered to be critical metrics with which to analyze and evaluate financial condition and capital strength. other companies may calculate these financial measures differently.
additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; the magnitude and duration of the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the global economy and financial market conditions and our business, results of operations, and financial condition; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; reform of libor; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services including those implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the right of one or both of the parties to terminate the merger agreement between huntington and tcf; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against huntington or tcf; delays in completing the transaction; the failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals (and the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction); the failure to obtain shareholder approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to the transaction on a timely basis or at all; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the transaction are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two
2020 form 10-k companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where huntington and tcf do business; the possibility that the transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; the ability to complete the transaction and integration of huntington and tcf successfully; the dilution caused by huntington's issuance of additional shares of its capital stock in connection with the transaction; and other factors that may affect the future results of huntington and tcf.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. neither huntington nor tcf assumes any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding our results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures. management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes. the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 21 percent. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare our capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes goodwill and other intangible assets, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in gaap or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is discussed in the risk factors section included in item 1a: "risk factors" of this report. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion of this report, as well as the "regulatory matters" section included in item 1 : business of this report.
huntington bancshares incorporated critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 - "significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we used in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. our most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl at december 31, 2020 represents our current estimate of the lifetime credit losses expected from our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. management estimates the allowance for credit losses by projecting probability of default, loss given default and exposure at default conditional on economic parameters, for the remaining contractual term. internal factors that impact the quarterly allowance estimate include the level of outstanding balances, the portfolio performance and assigned risk ratings.
one of the most significant judgments influencing the allowance for credit losses estimate is the macro-economic forecasts. key external economic parameters that directly impact our loss modeling framework include forecasted footprint unemployment rates and gross domestic product. changes in the economic forecasts could significantly affect the estimated credit losses which could potentially lead to materially different allowance levels from one reporting period to the next.
given the dynamic relationship between macro-economic variables within our modeling framework, it is difficult to estimate the impact of a change in any one individual variable on the allowance. as a result, management uses a probability-weighted approach that incorporates a baseline, an adverse and a more favorable economic scenario when formulating the quantitative estimate this quarter.
however, to illustrate a hypothetical sensitivity analysis, management calculated a quantitative allowance using a 100% weighting applied to an adverse scenario. this scenario includes assumptions around new infections and covid-19 deaths being significantly above the baseline projections, leading to a much slower re-opening of the economy. under this scenario, as an example, the unemployment rate remains elevated for a prolonged period and is estimated to remain at 10.2% and 8.7% at the end of 2021 and 2022, respectively. these numbers represent approximately 3% higher unemployment estimates than baseline scenario projections of 7.2% and 5.6%, respectively for the same time periods.
to demonstrate the sensitivity to key economic parameters, management calculated the difference between a 100% baseline weighting and a 100% adverse scenario weighting for modeled results. this would result in an incremental quantitative allowance impact of approximately $700 million.
the resulting difference is not intended to represent an expected increase in allowance levels for a number of reasons including the following:
•management uses a weighted approach applied to multiple economic scenarios for its allowance estimation process;
•the highly uncertain economic environment;
•the difficulty in predicting the inter-relationships between the economic parameters used in the various economic scenarios; and
•the sensitivity estimate does not account for any general reserve components and associated risk profile adjustments incorporated by management as part of its overall allowance framework.
we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risks associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in key economic parameters and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial
2020 form 10-k obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in our portfolio as economic and market conditions may ultimately differ from our reasonable and supportable forecast. additionally, events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or our markets, such as the current covid-19 pandemic, could severely impact our current expectations. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates or the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  the extent to which the current covid-19 pandemic has and will continue to negatively impact our businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be forecasted with precision at this time. for more information, see note 5 - "loans / leases" and note 6 - "allowance for credit losses" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
fair value measurement certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including securities and derivative instruments. assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently include subjectivity and may require the use of significant assumptions, adjustments and judgment including, among others, discount rates, rates of return on assets, cash flows, default rates, loss rates, terminal values and liquidation values. a significant change in assumptions may result in a significant change in fair value, which in turn, may result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility and could result in significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information.
the fair value hierarchy requires use of observable inputs first and subsequently unobservable inputs when observable inputs are not available. our fair value measurements involve various valuation techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable (level 1 or level 2 in fair value hierarchy), when available. the level of judgment required to determine fair value is dependent on the methods or techniques used in the process. assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value using quoted prices in active markets (level 1) do not require significant judgment while the valuation of assets and liabilities when quoted market prices are not available (levels 2 and 3) may require significant judgment to assess whether observable or unobservable inputs for those assets and liabilities provide reasonable determination of fair value. the fair values measured at each level of the fair value hierarchy, additional discussion regarding fair value measurements, and a brief description of how fair value is determined for categories that have unobservable inputs, can be found in note 20 - "fair value of assets and liabilities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill and intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. acquisitions typically result in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually. the amortization of identified intangible assets recognized in a business combination is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over their economic life, which is also subjective. customer attrition rates that are based on historical experience are used to determine the estimated economic life of certain intangibles assets, including but not limited to, customer deposit intangibles.
the emergence of covid-19 as a global pandemic during 2020 has resulted in significant deterioration of the economic environment which has impacted expected earnings. the heightened uncertainty in the economic environment has remained throughout 2020. as a result, management performed an assessment of the goodwill balance at december 31, 2020. a qualitative assessment was deemed to be sufficient and reasonable and the result of this assessment indicated it was probable that the fair value of each of our reporting units continues to exceed the respective carrying values and therefore management determined that a full goodwill test was not warranted. goodwill assessments are highly sensitive to economic projections and the related assumptions and estimates used by management. in the event of a prolonged economic downturn or further deterioration in the economic outlook, continued assessments of our goodwill balance could be required in future periods. any impairment charge would huntington bancshares incorporated not affect huntington's regulatory capital ratios, tangible common equity ratio or liquidity position. for more information, see note 8 - "goodwill and other intangible assets" of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 - "accounting standards update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2020 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.