table of contents brexit - on december 24, 2020, the european union and the united kingdom reached an agreement on a new trade arrangement that became effective on january 1, 2021. main trade provisions include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the u.k. and e.u. so long as we meet prescribed trade terms. we will also need to meet product and labeling standards for both the u.k. and e.u. and we have already begun to introduce these changes gradually. the u.k. may also set its own trade policies with countries such as the united states, australia and new zealand that currently do not have free trade agreements with the e.u. cross-border trade between the u.k. and e.u. will be subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. to date, we have not experienced significant delays at u.k.-e.u. border crossings, however, we anticipate increased shipping costs and near-term delays because of the need for ongoing customs inspections and related procedures. our supply chain in this market relies on imports of raw and packaging materials as well as finished goods. volatility in foreign currencies and other markets may also arise as the u.k. and e.u. work though the new trade arrangements. once the new rules are formalized, there could be other near- or long-term negative impacts. we have been taking protective measures to limit disruptions to our supply chain and sales to limit potential negative impacts on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. we continue to increase our resources in customer service & logistics as well as in our factories and on our customs support teams. we are adapting our systems and processes for new and increased customs transactions. we continue to enhance resilience plans to aid in dealing with anticipated border delays. we are working to address new regulatory requirements such as packaging changes. also, we continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the u.k. any disagreements on trade terms or supply chain or distribution delays or other disruptions could negatively affect our u.k. business. in 2020, we generated 9.0% of our net revenues in the u.k.
(4)    non-gaap adjustments related to the simplify to grow program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-gaap adjustments.