* acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other unusual events resulting from portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies, and possible organizational restructuring could affect future results.
the company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. with respect to acquisitions, including, for example, the recently completed acquisition of acelity, inc. and its kci subsidiaries (a leading global medical technology company), future results will be affected by the company's ability to integrate acquired businesses quickly and obtain the anticipated synergies. the company
realigned from five to four business segments, effective in april of 2019, to better serve its global customers and markets. successful execution of the realignment and the associated adjustments of our portfolio and business operating model, as well as other organizational changes, will be important to the company's future results.
●   3m recorded non divestiture-related restructuring pre-tax charges aggregating $195 million in 2020. these included charges in the second quarter of 2020 to address certain covid-related impacts and in the fourth quarter as 3m initiated actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included $282 million as the company committed to actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model. see note 5 for additional details.
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. in aggregate, the company recorded a full year 2019 combined pre-tax charge of $282 million, or 41 cents per diluted share. see note 5 for additional details.
in 2020 and 2019, 3m approved and committed to certain restructuring actions that impacted cost of sales, sg&a, and r&d (see note 5 for additional details). in addition to actions related to divestitures (as discussed earlier in the certain amounts adjusted for special items - (non-gaap measures) section), for 2020 these included charges to address certain covid-related impacts and actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model.
●   3m recorded non divestiture-related restructuring charges that impacted operating income aggregating $195 million in 2020. these included charges in the second quarter of 2020 to address certain covid-related impacts and in the fourth quarter as 3m initiated actions to further enhance its operational and marketing capabilities. in 2019, charges included $246 million impacting operating income (and $36 million impacting other expense (income)) as the company committed to actions in light of slower than expected 2019 sales and associated with realigning its organizational structure and operating model. see note 5 for additional details.
●   during the second quarter of 2019, in light of slower than expected 2019 sales, and additionally in the fourth quarter to realign 3m's organizational structure and operating model, management approved and committed to undertake certain restructuring actions. the resulting charges included $246 million impacting operating income (and $36 million impacting other expense (income)). see note 5 for additional details.