item 1a. risk factors.
the following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this form 10-k. any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial position and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this form 10-k.
we may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the sec, reports to security holders, press releases and investor webcasts. you can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "will," "estimates," "forecasts," "intends," "projects," "goals," "objectives," "guidance," "targets" and other words of similar meaning. you can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.
we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates and assumptions. achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying estimates or assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in altria's securities. in connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. we elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this form 10-k particularly in the "business environment" sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our subsidiaries' businesses below in item 7. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law.
risks related to litigation, legislative or regulatory action unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees.
legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various united states and foreign jurisdictions against altria and its subsidiaries, including pm usa and usstc, as well as their respective indemnitees, indemnitors and altria's investees. various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, unfair trade practices, antitrust, tax, contraband-related claims, patent infringement, employment matters, claims for contribution and claims of competitors, shareholders and distributors. legislative action, such as changes to tort law, also may expand the types of claims and remedies available to plaintiffs.
litigation is subject to uncertainty and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. an unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. damages claimed in some tobacco-related or other litigation are significant and, in certain cases, have ranged in the billions of dollars. the variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome.
in certain cases, plaintiffs claim that defendants' liability is joint and several. in such cases, altria or its subsidiaries may face the risk that one or more co-defendants decline or otherwise fail to participate in the bonding required for an appeal or to pay their proportionate or jury-allocated share of a judgment. as a result, altria or its subsidiaries under certain circumstances may have to pay more than their proportionate share of any bonding- or judgment-related amounts. furthermore, in those cases where plaintiffs are successful, altria or its subsidiaries may also be required to pay interest and attorneys' fees.
although pm usa has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. this risk has been substantially reduced given that 47 states and puerto rico now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. as discussed in note 18. contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 18"), tobacco litigation plaintiffs have challenged the constitutionality of florida's bond cap statute in several cases and plaintiffs may challenge state bond cap statutes in other jurisdictions as well. such challenges may include the applicability of state bond caps in federal court. although we cannot predict the outcome of such challenges, it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria, or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome of one or more such challenges.
in certain litigation, altria, its subsidiaries and its investees may face potentially significant non-monetary remedies that could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. for example, in the lawsuit brought by the united states department of justice discussed in note 18, the district court did not impose monetary penalties but ordered significant non-monetary remedies, including the issuance of "corrective statements." in the patent lawsuit pending before the united states international trade commission ("itc") discussed in note 18, the plaintiffs seek a prohibition on the importation of the iqos electronic device, heatsticks and component parts into the united states. additionally the on! transaction, discussed in note 1. background and basis of presentation to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 1"), had been the subject of an arbitration, which the parties agreed to settle for an immaterial amount to altria in february 2021. an adverse outcome in the arbitration could have adversely affected helix's ability to compete effectively with oral nicotine pouches.
in 2019, we determined that our investment in juul was impaired in part due to the increase in the number and type of legal cases pending against juul. altria and pm usa are also defendants in many of these cases. in addition, in april 2020 the ftc issued an administrative complaint against altria and juul alleging that altria's 35% investment in juul and the associated agreements constitute unreasonable restraint on trade. e-vapor litigation and the ftc action, including the remedies the ftc is seeking, are further discussed in note 18.
altria and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation. nevertheless, litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain.
it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria, or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries or investees, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. altria and each of its subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. each of the companies has defended, and will continue to defend, vigorously against litigation challenges. however, altria and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if they believe it is in the best interests of altria to do so. see item 3. legal proceedings ("item 3"), note 18 and exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this form 10-k for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation.
significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including actions by the fda, and various private sector actions may continue to have an adverse impact on us and our tobacco subsidiaries' or our investees' businesses and sales volumes.
as described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, pm usa faces significant governmental and private sector actions, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of tobacco use and efforts seeking to hold pm usa responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. these actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels.
more broadly, actions by the fda and other federal, state or local governments or agencies, including those specific actions described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, may (i) impact the adult tobacco consumer acceptability of or access to tobacco products (for example, through nicotine or constituent limits or menthol or other flavor bans), (ii) limit adult tobacco consumer choices, (iii) delay or prevent the launch of new or modified tobacco products or products with claims of reduced risk, (iv) require the recall or other removal of tobacco products from the marketplace (for example as a result of (a) product contamination, (b) legislation and rulemaking that bans menthol or other flavors, (c) a determination by the fda that one or more tobacco products do not satisfy the statutory requirements for substantial equivalence, (d) because the fda requires that a currently marketed tobacco product proceed through the pre-market review process or (e) because the fda does not authorize a pmta or otherwise determines that removal is necessary for the protection of public health), (v) restrict communications to adult tobacco consumers, (vi) restrict the ability to differentiate tobacco products, (vii) create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain tobacco companies, (viii) impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packing requirements, (ix) interrupt manufacturing or otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business or (x) restrict or prevent the use of specified tobacco products in certain locations or the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments. any one or more of these actions may have a material adverse impact on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries, including adversely affecting altria's investment in juul. see tobacco space - business environment in item 7 for a more detailed discussion.
tobacco products are subject to substantial taxation, which could have an adverse impact on sales of the tobacco products of altria's tobacco subsidiaries.
tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes, and significant increases in tobacco product-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the united states at the federal, state and local levels. the frequency and magnitude of excise tax increases can be influenced by various factors, including federal and state budgets (which have been negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic) and the composition of executive and legislative bodies. tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of the tobacco products of our tobacco subsidiaries through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. such shifts may also have an adverse impact on the reported share performance of tobacco products of altria's tobacco subsidiaries. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - excise taxes in item 7.
unfavorable outcomes of any governmental investigations could materially affect the businesses of altria and its subsidiaries or its investees.
from time to time, altria, its subsidiaries and its investees are subject to federal and state governmental investigations on a range of matters. for further discussion of current pending investigations, see tobacco space - business environment - other international, federal, state and local regulation and governmental and private activity in item 7. we cannot predict the outcome of any such investigation, and it is possible that our business or the businesses of our investees could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of any current or future investigation.
tax laws and regulations, such as the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax reform act"), are complex and subject to varying interpretations. a successful challenge to one or more of altria's tax positions (which could give rise to additional liabilities, including interest and potential penalties) or an increase in the corporate income tax rate could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
international business operations subject altria and its subsidiaries to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, and violations of such laws or regulations could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
while altria and its subsidiaries are primarily engaged in business activities in the united states, they do engage (directly or indirectly) in certain international business activities that are subject to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, such as foreign privacy laws, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws prohibiting bribery and corruption. although we have a code of conduct and a compliance system designed to prevent and detect violations of applicable law, no system can provide assurance that it will always protect against improper actions by employees, investees or third parties. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
risks related to our businesses altria, its subsidiaries and its investees face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including the covid-19 pandemic and similar outbreaks, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries and investees.
altria's, its subsidiaries' and its investees' business and financial results, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position could be negatively impacted by health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks. the spreading covid-19 pandemic could have negative impacts, such as (i) a global or u.s. recession or other economic crisis, including a financial crisis, (ii) credit and capital markets volatility (and access to these markets, including by those in the distribution and supply chains), (iii) significant volatility in demand for our tobacco and wine subsidiaries' and investees' products, (iv) changes in adult consumer accessibility to those products, including due to government action, (v) changes in adult consumer behavior and preferences, including trading down to lower-priced products or cessation of product use due to public health actions or concerns and economic conditions (including those stemming from potential changes in government stimulus or reductions in unemployment payments or other benefits), and (vi) extended or multiple disruptions in our subsidiaries' or investees' manufacturing operations, or in their distribution and supply chains. in addition, our subsidiaries' and investees' operations may incur increased costs and otherwise be negatively affected if significant portions of their respective workforces (or the workforces within their respective distribution or supply chains) are unable to work or work effectively, including because of illness, unavailability of personal protective equipment, quarantines, government actions, facility closures or other restrictions.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, increases in the number of cases in future periods, and actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate the public health effects. we cannot at this time predict the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our or our investees' future financial or operational results, but the impact could be material over time. see the risks below related to extended disruptions at a facility, of a distributor or in service by a service provider and the risks related to our investment in abi and the earnings from and carrying value of that investment. for further discussion on the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the tobacco and wine businesses, see tobacco space - business environment and wine segment - business environment in item 7.
our tobacco businesses face significant competition (including across categories) and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria, or the business of altria's tobacco subsidiaries.
each of altria's tobacco subsidiaries operates in highly competitive tobacco categories. this competition also exists across categories as adult tobacco consumer preferences evolve. significant methods of competition include product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities. this highly competitive environment could negatively impact the profitability, market share and shipment volume of our tobacco subsidiaries, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria. see tobacco space - business environment - summary in item 7 for additional discussion concerning evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences. growth of the e-vapor product category and other innovative tobacco products, including oral nicotine pouches, has further contributed to reductions in cigarette consumption levels and cigarette industry sales volume and has adversely affected the growth rates of other tobacco products, including smokeless tobacco. in addition, growth of unregulated synthetic nicotine products, which may not be subject to the same regulatory restrictions (including marketing restrictions and fda pre-marketing requirements) as the tobacco-derived oral nicotine products of altria's tobacco subsidiaries, could negatively impact the growth of our oral nicotine pouch products. continued growth in these categories could have a material adverse impact on the business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco subsidiaries.
pm usa also faces competition from lower-priced brands sold by certain united states and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the united states and, as such, are not required to make annual settlement payments as required by the parties to the settlements. these settlement payments are significant for pm usa, as described in debt and liquidity - payments under state settlement agreements and fda regulation in item 7. these settlements, among other factors, resulted in substantial cigarette price increases to help cover the cost of the settlement payments. manufacturers not party to the settlements are subject to state escrow legislation requiring escrow deposits. such manufacturers may avoid these escrow obligations by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers' cigarettes sold in such states. additional competition has resulted from diversion into the united states market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the united states, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and imports of foreign lower-priced brands. usstc faces significant competition in the smokeless tobacco category and has experienced consumer down-trading to lower-priced competitive brands.
altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of altria or the business of altria's tobacco and wine subsidiaries.
each of our tobacco and wine subsidiaries is subject to intense competition and changes in adult consumer preferences. to be successful, they must continue to:
▪promote brand equity successfully;
▪develop, manufacture, market and distribute new and innovative products that appeal to adult consumers (including, where appropriate, through arrangements with, or investments in, third parties);
▪improve productivity; and
see tobacco space - business environment - summary in item 7 and the immediately preceding risk factor for additional discussion concerning evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, specifically the growth of e-vapor and other innovative tobacco products and the effects on our tobacco operating companies.
see wine segment - business environment - summary in item 7 for additional discussion concerning evolving adult alcohol consumer preferences; specifically the slowing of the premium wine category and the effects on our wine subsidiaries.
the willingness of adult consumers to purchase premium consumer product brands depends in part on economic conditions. in periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may purchase more discount brands and/or, in the case of tobacco products, consider lower-priced tobacco products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries. while our tobacco and wine subsidiaries work to broaden their brand portfolios to compete effectively with lower-priced products, the failure to do so could negatively impact our companies' ability to compete in these circumstances.
our financial services business (conducted through pmcc) holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power generation, real estate and manufacturing equipment. its lessees are subject to significant competition and uncertain economic conditions. if parties to pmcc's leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, pmcc may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our earnings.
altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with certain other tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage.
altria and its subsidiaries have growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products. some innovative tobacco products may reduce the health risks associated with certain other tobacco products, while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers (within and outside the united states) products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. examples include tobacco-containing and nicotine-containing products that reduce or eliminate exposure to cigarette smoke and/or constituents identified by public health authorities as harmful, such as electronically heated tobacco products, oral nicotine pouches, and e-vapor products.
in addition to internal product development, these efforts include arrangements with, or investments in, third parties such as our arrangement with pmi to commercialize iqos and related heatstick products in the united states, which is governed by an exclusive license and distribution agreement. the initial 5-year term of this agreement expires in april 2024 and renews at our option for an additional 5-year period so long as we achieve certain performance objectives. the initial term performance objectives are based on achieving 0.5% dollar share of the cigarette category within a certain period of time in a certain number of geographic areas. in addition, to maintain our exclusive distribution rights as to pmi during the term of the agreement, we must achieve certain performance objectives within a specified time period by april 2022. the exclusive distribution rights performance objectives are based on achieving 0.5% dollar share of the cigarette category within a certain period of time in a single geographic area. while we believe altria will meet the initial term and exclusive distribution rights performance objectives, it is possible that we may not meet them or that we may have a disagreement with pmi as to whether those objectives have been met. in either case, it could result in the loss of (i) our unilateral right to extend the agreement for the additional 5-year period, and therefore we would no longer be able to commercialize iqos and related heatstick products after april 2024, or (ii) our exclusive distribution rights as to pmi.
additionally, our investment in juul subjects us to non-competition obligations restricting us from investing or engaging in the e-vapor business other than through juul, subject to certain exceptions.
further, we cannot predict whether regulators, including the fda, will permit the marketing or sale of any particular innovative products (including products with claims of reduced risk to adult consumers), the speed with which they may make such determinations or whether regulators will impose an unduly burdensome regulatory framework on such products. in addition, the fda could, for a variety of reasons, determine that innovative products currently on the market but pending fda review of the associated pmta (such as on! oral nicotine pouches), or those that have previously received authorization, including with a claim of reduced exposure (such as iqos), are not appropriate for the public health and the fda could require such products be taken off the market. see tobacco space - business environment - fsptca and fda regulation in item 7 for further discussion. we also cannot predict whether these products will appeal to adult tobacco consumers or whether adult tobacco consumers' purchasing decisions would be affected by reduced-risk claims on such products if permitted. adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products.
if our tobacco subsidiaries or investees do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products, including with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors does succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries or investees may be at a competitive disadvantage, which could have an adverse effect on their financial performance.
significant changes in price, availability or quality of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees.
any significant change in prices, quality or availability of tobacco, other raw materials or component parts, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our tobacco subsidiaries' and our investees' profitability and business. the covid-19 pandemic also may impact the availability of direct materials necessary for our tobacco subsidiaries and juul to remain compliant with fda and other regulatory requirements for tobacco products. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - price, availability and quality of tobacco, other raw materials and component parts in item 7.
altria's subsidiaries rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers. an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco and wine subsidiaries and investees.
altria's subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers. a natural or man-made disaster or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of altria's tobacco or wine subsidiaries or investees, the operations of any key supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider of any of altria's tobacco or wine subsidiaries or investees or any other disruption in the supply or distribution of goods or services (including a key supplier's inability to comply with government regulations or unwillingness to supply goods or services to a tobacco company) could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries and investees. for example, in march 2020, the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a temporary suspension of operations at pm usa's richmond, virginia manufacturing facility, which is the primary facility for manufacturing pm usa cigarettes. some state governors also have issued executive orders requiring that certain businesses temporarily suspend operations for varying periods of time while the covid-19 pandemic persists. operations of our subsidiaries, suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers and those of our investees could be suspended temporarily once or multiple times, or closed permanently, depending on various factors, including how long the covid-19 pandemic persists and the extent to which state, local and federal governments, as well as foreign countries, impose restrictions on the operation of facilities or otherwise place limits on the supply and distribution chains. an extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of altria's subsidiaries, investees or in the supply or distribution of goods or services by one or more key suppliers, distributors or distribution chain service providers could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its tobacco and wine subsidiaries and investees.
altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
in addition to a recall required by the fda, as referenced above, our subsidiaries could decide, or other laws or regulations could require them, to recall products due to the failure to meet quality standards or specifications, suspected or confirmed and deliberate or unintentional product contamination, or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering. product recalls could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
the failure of altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria and its subsidiaries.
altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers (such as cloud providers), to support a variety of business processes and activities, including: complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of our operations; manufacturing and distributing our products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. we continue to make investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. our safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management.
to date, interruptions of our information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our operations. however, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria and its subsidiaries.
altria may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco control actions and other factors.
our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. the tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that may enjoy greater societal acceptance and fewer longer-term challenges. as a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the best talent.
altria may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
we periodically calculate the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets to test for impairment. this calculation may be affected by several factors, including general economic conditions (such as continued uncertainty of the covid-19 pandemic), regulatory developments, changes in category growth rates as a result of changing adult consumer preferences, success of planned new product expansions, competitive activity and income and excise taxes. certain events also can trigger an immediate review of intangible assets. if an impairment is determined to exist in either situation, we will incur impairment losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. for further discussion, see discussion and analysis - critical accounting policies and estimates in item 7.
competition, changes in adult consumer preferences, unfavorable changes in grape supply and new governmental regulations or revisions to existing governmental regulations could adversely affect ste. michelle's wine business.
ste. michelle's business is impacted by evolving adult consumer preferences. shifts away from the wine category to other alcohol categories or shifts to lower-priced wines have resulted, and could continue to result, in slowing growth in ste. michelle's sales and increased inventory levels and have a material adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. as discussed in note 5. asset impairment, exit and implementation costs to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 5"), during the year ended december 31, 2020, as a result of inventory levels significantly exceeding long-term forecasted demand, ste. michelle recorded pre-tax charges of $411 million in cost of sales, including a $292 million inventory write off, $100 million in estimated losses on future non-cancelable grape purchase commitments and $19 million in inventory disposal costs and other charges. evolving adult consumer preferences, an economic downturn or recession or other factors could result in a further slowdown in the wine category and otherwise have a material adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business.
the adequacy of ste. michelle's grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions, particularly in eastern washington. supply shortages or surpluses related to any one or more of these factors could impact production costs and wine prices, which ultimately may have a negative impact on ste. michelle's sales. in addition, ste. michelle's business is subject to significant competition, including from many large, well-established domestic and international companies. federal, state and local governmental agencies also regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means, including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and advertising restrictions, and distribution and production policies. new regulations or revisions to existing regulations, resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages may have an adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. for further discussion see wine segment - business environment in item 7.
risks related to the capital markets and financing acquisitions or other events may adversely affect altria's credit rating, and altria may not achieve its anticipated strategic or financial objectives of a transaction.
from time to time, altria considers acquisitions, investments or dispositions and may engage in confidential negotiations that are not publicly announced unless and until those negotiations result in a definitive agreement. although we seek to maintain or improve our credit ratings over time, it is possible that completing a given acquisition, investment, disposition or the occurrence of other events could negatively impact our investment grade credit ratings or the outlook for those ratings as occurred following our investment in juul.
any such change in ratings or outlook may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and also may increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate. furthermore, acquisition opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms or that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or an investment. additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to dispose of our businesses or investments on favorable terms, which may result in a loss in altria's consolidated statements of earnings (losses).
disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could adversely affect altria's access to these markets, earnings and dividend rate.
access to the credit and capital markets is important for us to satisfy our liquidity and financing needs. for example, we typically access the commercial paper market early in the second quarter to help fund payments under the master settlement agreement, tax obligations and shareholder dividends. disruption and uncertainty in these markets and any resulting adverse impact on credit availability, pricing, credit terms or credit rating may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and may also increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate.
altria may be unable to attract investors due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage.
there is increasing investor focus on environmental, social and governance ("esg") matters. organizations that provide esg information to investors have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters. such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. decreasing social acceptance of tobacco products or unfavorable esg ratings may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward altria, which could result in shareholders choosing to divest their ownership in altria stock or choosing not to invest in our stock and could have a negative impact on the market performance of our stock.
risks related to our investments a challenge to our investment in juul, if successful, could result in a broad range of resolutions, including divestiture of the investment or rescission of the transaction.
a challenge to our investment in juul, if successful, could result in a broad range of resolutions such as divestiture of the investment or rescission of the transaction. in april 2020, the ftc issued an administrative complaint against altria and juul alleging that altria's 35% investment in juul and the associated agreements constitute an unreasonable restraint of trade in violation of section 1 of the sherman act and section 5 of the ftc act, and substantially lessened competition in violation of section 7 of the clayton act. the ftc seeks a broad range of remedies, including divestiture of altria's investment in juul, rescission of the transaction and prohibition against any officer or director of either altria or juul serving on the other's board of directors or attending meetings. the administrative trial will take place before an ftc administrative law judge and is currently scheduled to begin june 2021. any ruling by the ftc is subject to review by the ftc commissioners and subsequently by a federal appellate court if appealed.
also, various putative class action lawsuits have been filed against altria (and in some cases, subsidiaries of altria) and juul. the lawsuits cite the ftc administrative complaint referenced above and allege claims similar to those made by the ftc. plaintiffs in these lawsuits are seeking various remedies, including treble damages, attorneys' fees, a declaration that the agreements between altria and juul are invalid, divestiture of altria's investment in juul and rescission of the transaction.
a successful challenge by the ftc or the plaintiffs in the lawsuits to the investment would adversely affect us, including by eliminating, or substantially limiting, our rights with respect to our investment in juul. for further discussion see note 18.
the expected benefits of the juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all.
regardless of whether antitrust clearance is obtained, the expected benefits of the juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to the risks encountered by juul in its business, such as operational risks, competitive risks and regulatory and legislative risks at the international, federal, state and local levels, including actions by the fda, and adverse publicity due to underage use of e-vapor products and other factors; unanticipated impacts on juul's relationships with employees, customers, suppliers and other third parties; potential disruptions to juul's management or current or future plans and operations; or domestic or international litigation developments, investigations, or otherwise. as discussed in note 18, juul and altria and/or its subsidiaries, including pm usa, are named as defendants in various individual and class action lawsuits. juul also is named in a significant number of additional individual and class action lawsuits to which neither altria nor its subsidiaries is a party. see tobacco space - business environment in item 7 for a discussion of certain fda-related regulatory risks applicable to the e-vapor category, including the potential removal of certain e-vapor products from the market as a result of fda enforcement action and the potential denial of new tobacco product applications for e-vapor products. failure to realize the expected benefits of our juul investment could adversely affect the value of the investment.
as discussed in investments in equity securities in note 6, as part of the preparation of our financial statements for the quarters ended september 30, 2019, december 31, 2019 and september 30, 2020, we performed valuations of our investment in juul as a result of the existence of impairment indicators. as a result, we determined that our investment in juul was impaired and recorded total non-cash pre-tax impairment charges of $11.2 billion. following share conversion in the fourth quarter of 2020, altria elected to account for its equity method investment in juul under the fair value option. under this option, altria's consolidated statements of earnings (losses) include any cash dividends received from its investment in juul and any changes in the fair value of its investment, which is calculated quarterly. while we believe the december 31, 2020 valuation of $1.7 billion is the appropriate current fair value of our investment, the risks identified in this paragraph, some of which are also further discussed in discussion and analysis - investments in juul and tobacco space - business environment in item 7 and in note 18, are ongoing with respect to the current fair value. quarterly fair value changes could create volatility in altria's consolidated financial position and earnings and, if the fair value of our investment in juul decreases, it could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings.
our investment in juul includes non-competition, standstill and transfer restrictions that prevent us from gaining control of juul. furthermore, if we elect not to extend our non-competition obligations beyond december 20, 2024, we would lose certain of our governance, consent, preemptive and other rights with respect to our investment in juul.
the shares of juul we hold generally cannot be sold or otherwise transferred until december 20, 2024, subject to limited exceptions. we also generally agreed not to compete with juul in the e-vapor category until at least december 20, 2024, which may be extended at our election. if, however, juul is prohibited by federal law from selling e-vapor products in the u.s. for at least one year or if altria's carrying value of the juul investment is not more than 10% of its initial carrying value of $12.8 billion, we may elect to compete with juul in the e-vapor category prior to december 20, 2024. in addition, in the event we elect to exercise our board designation rights at juul, juul's board of directors will include nine members, three of whom will be designated by altria, including one independent designee. juul's strategy and its material decisions are not and will not be controlled by us, and the terms of our agreements with juul mean that we are required to bear the risks associated with our investment in juul and are restricted from competing with juul until at least december 20, 2024, subject to the exceptions mentioned above. further, if we elect not to extend our non-competition obligations beyond that date or to terminate such obligations in the circumstances described above, we would lose some or all of our board designation rights, preemptive rights, consent rights and other rights with respect to our investment in juul. loss of these rights could adversely affect us by impairing our ability to influence juul.
altria's reported earnings from and carrying value of its equity investment in abi and the dividends paid by abi on shares owned by altria may be adversely affected by various factors, including foreign currency exchange rates and abi's business results, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, and stock price. in addition, if the carrying value of our investment in abi exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses.
for purposes of financial reporting, the earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are translated into u.s. dollars ("usd") from various local currencies. in addition, abi pays dividends in euros, which we convert into usd. during times of a strengthening usd against these currencies, our reported earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi will be reduced because these currencies will translate into fewer usd and the dividends that we receive from abi will convert into fewer usd. dividends and earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are also subject to the risks encountered by abi in its business, its business outlook, cash flow requirements and financial performance, the state of the market and the general economic climate, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. for example, in 2020, as a result of the uncertainty, volatility and impact of the covid-19 pandemic on abi's business, abi reduced by 50% its final 2019 dividend paid in the second quarter of 2020 and did not pay its interim 2020 dividend that would have been paid in the fourth quarter of 2020, which resulted in a reduction of cash dividends altria received from abi.
in addition, since october 2019, the carrying value of our investment in abi has exceeded the fair value of our equity investment in abi. we concluded at december 31, 2020, that the decline in fair value of our investment in abi below its carrying value continues to be temporary. if, however, the carrying value of our investment in abi exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses and could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings. we cannot provide any assurance that abi will successfully execute its business plans and strategies. earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in abi are also subject to fluctuations in abi's stock price. see note 6 for further discussion.
we received a substantial portion of our consideration from the october 2016 sabmiller plc ("sabmiller")/abi business combination ("abi transaction") in the form of restricted shares subject to a five-year lock-up. furthermore, if our percentage ownership in abi were to decrease below certain levels, we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, incur a reduction in the number of directors that we can have appointed to the abi board of directors and be unable to account for our investment under the equity method of accounting.
upon completion of the abi transaction, we received a substantial portion of our consideration in the form of restricted shares that cannot be sold or transferred for a period of five years following the abi transaction, subject to limited exceptions. these transfer restrictions will require us to bear the risks associated with our investment in abi for a five-year period that expires on october 10, 2021. further, in the event that our ownership percentage in abi were to decrease below certain levels, (i) we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, (ii) the number of directors that we have the right to have appointed to the abi board of directors could be reduced from two to one or zero and (iii) we may be unable to continue to account for our investment in abi under the equity method of accounting.
tax authorities may challenge the tax treatment of the consideration altria received in the abi transaction and the tax treatment of the abi investment may not be as favorable as altria anticipates.
while we expect the tax treatment of the consideration that we received from the abi transaction to be respected, the statute of limitations for the tax year in which the transaction occurred has not expired. therefore, we cannot provide any assurance that federal and state tax authorities will not challenge the expected tax treatment and, if they do, what the outcome of any such challenge will be. in addition, there is a risk that the tax treatment of our investment in abi may not be as favorable as we anticipate.
the expected benefits of the cronos transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all.
in march 2019, we acquired common shares representing a 45% equity interest in cronos, a warrant to acquire common shares representing an additional 10% equity interest in cronos and anti-dilution protections to purchase cronos shares to maintain our ownership percentage. there can be no assurance that we will realize the expected benefits of the cronos transaction, including due to the risks encountered by cronos in its business, such as operational risks and legal and regulatory risks; unanticipated impacts on cronos's relationships with third parties, its management, or its current or future plans and operations due to the cronos transaction or other factors; or domestic or international litigation developments, tax disputes, investigations, or otherwise; or that cronos will successfully execute its business plans and strategies. further, a failure by cronos or altria to comply with applicable laws, including cannabis laws, could result in criminal, civil or tax liability for altria. if the carrying value of our investment in cronos exceeds its fair value and the loss in value is other than temporary, the investment is considered impaired, which would result in impairment losses and could have a material adverse effect on altria's consolidated financial position or earnings.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a.
description of the company for a description of altria, see item 1. business, and background in note 1.
executive summary in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section, altria refers to the following "adjusted" financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ("oci"); adjusted oci margins; adjusted net earnings attributable to altria; adjusted diluted earnings (losses) per share ("eps") attributable to altria; and adjusted effective tax rates. these adjusted financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these adjusted financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. except as noted in 2021 forecasted results section below, when altria provides a non-gaap measure in this form 10-k, it also provides a reconciliation of that non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. for a further description of these non-gaap financial measures, see the non-gaap financial measures section below.
covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic has led to adverse impacts on the u.s. and global economies and continues to create economic uncertainty. although much uncertainty still surrounds the pandemic, including its duration and ultimate overall impact on u.s. and global economies, its subsidiaries' operations and those of altria's investees, altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic and continues to carefully evaluate potential outcomes and work to mitigate risks. specifically, altria remains focused on any potential impact to its liquidity, operations, supply and distribution chains and on economic conditions.
in terms of altria's liquidity, despite some volatility in the commercial paper market in march 2020, altria was able to build and maintain a higher cash balance than normal to preserve its financial flexibility. as a precautionary measure, in march 2020, altria borrowed the full $3.0 billion available under its senior unsecured 5-year revolving credit agreement (as amended, the "credit agreement"), which altria subsequently repaid in full in june 2020. in may 2020, altria issued $2.0 billion of long-term debt in the form of senior unsecured notes. in april 2020, the board of directors rescinded the $500 million remaining in the previously authorized $1.0 billion share repurchase program. altria did not repurchase any shares under its share repurchase program in 2020.
as with so many other companies throughout the u.s. and globally, altria's operations have been affected by the covid-19 pandemic. altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public table of contents health authorities. to date, altria believes its tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations, but continues to monitor these factors. altria continues to believe that remote working due to the covid-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. also, altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. although altria's tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several of their manufacturing facilities in march 2020, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols in april 2020 and all manufacturing facilities are currently operational under enhanced safety protocols. altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic.
altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. to date, altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems, but is continuing to monitor these factors. the majority of retail stores in which altria's tobacco products are sold, including convenience stores, have been deemed to be essential businesses by authorities and have remained open. altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors or any other entities within our supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently.
in march 2020, pm usa temporarily closed its atlanta and richmond iqos stores and paused its iqos interactive marketing efforts. in june 2020, pm usa re-opened its atlanta and richmond iqos stores, and in july 2020, pm usa launched iqos in charlotte, with all stores operating under enhanced safety protocols.
in 2020, altria incurred net pre-tax charges of $50 million, which were directly related to disruptions caused by or efforts to mitigate the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. these costs, which were recorded in the second quarter and excluded from altria's adjusted results, included premium pay, personal protective equipment and health screenings, partially offset by certain employment tax credits. these net pre-tax charges do not include the inventory-related implementation costs associated with the wine business strategic reset.
although altria's tobacco businesses have not been materially impacted to date by the covid-19 pandemic, there is continued uncertainty as to how the covid-19 pandemic may impact adult tobacco consumers in the future. altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the covid-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income (which may be impacted by unemployment rates and fiscal stimulus). altria also continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of non-combustible products.
while altria's tobacco businesses have not been materially impacted to date by the covid-19 pandemic, altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets. in the wine business, ste. michelle's direct-to-consumer sales and on-premise wine sales in restaurants, bars and hospitality venues and on cruise lines have been, and continue to be, negatively impacted by disruptions arising from the covid-19 pandemic, which also may have an impact on adult wine consumers going forward. in 2020, against a backdrop of product volume demand uncertainty and long-term, non-cancelable grape purchase commitments, which have been further negatively impacted by the covid-19 pandemic (including economic uncertainty and government actions that restrict direct-to-consumer sales and on-premise sales), ste. michelle recorded pre-tax charges of $411 million consisting primarily of (i) the write-off of inventory and (ii) estimated losses on future non-cancelable grape purchase commitments. altria and ste. michelle also undertook a review of the wine business resulting in a strategic reset. ste. michelle continues to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic associated risks to its business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
abi has also been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, including (i) a 50% reduction to its final 2019 dividend paid in the second quarter of 2020 and a decision to forgo its interim 2020 dividend that would have been paid in the fourth quarter of 2020; (ii) the withdrawal of its guidance for 2020 due to the uncertainty, volatility and impact of the covid-19 pandemic; and (iii) a goodwill impairment charge related to its africa businesses in 2020. in addition, the extreme market disruption and volatility associated with the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a steep decline in abi's stock price in the first half of 2020. although there was a gradual recovery in abi's stock price in the second half of 2020, the fair value of altria's investment in abi is below the carrying value. while altria believes that this decline is temporary, it will continue to monitor its investment in abi, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on abi's business and market valuation.
altria considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. while the impact of the covid-19 pandemic was considered in our quantitative valuations during the year ended december 31, 2020, altria does not believe the covid-19 pandemic was a primary driver of the non-cash pre-tax impairment charge of $2.6 billion recorded during the three months ended september 30, 2020 or the $100 million increase in fair value during the three months ended december 31, 2020. altria will continue to monitor the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on juul's business in our quarterly valuations of juul.
altria has considered the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on the business of cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain and liquidity. cronos has been and continues to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic, due in part to government action requiring closures or limited occupancy of retail stores in the united states. during the second quarter of 2020, cronos recorded an impairment charge on goodwill and intangible assets as a result of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic (which altria recorded in the table of contents third quarter of 2020 due to its one-quarter lag in reporting cronos's results). altria will continue to monitor its investment in cronos, including the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on cronos's business and market valuation.
consolidated results of operations the changes in net earnings (losses) and diluted eps attributable to altria for the year ended december 31, 2020, from the year ended december 31, 2019, were due primarily to the following: