the company may be subject to risks relating to organizational changes.
we regularly execute organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures and realignments to support our growth and cost management strategies. we also engage in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies and cash flow and to reduce costs. the company commits significant resources to identify, develop and retain key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. if we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. we cannot offer assurances that any of these initiatives will be beneficial to the extent anticipated, or that the estimated efficiency improvements, incremental cost savings or cash flow improvements will be realized as anticipated or at all.
the business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity, which is being implemented by its operating units throughout the world. current-year acquisition integration charges relate to the lord acquisition. prior-year acquisition integration charges relate to the 2017 acquisition of clarcor. during 2020, business realignment charges also include permanent workforce reductions to address the impact of covid-19 on our business. the majority of the diversified industrial international business realignment and acquisition integration charges were incurred in europe. we anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021 by approximately five percent in the diversified industrial north american operations and by approximately two percent in the diversified industrial international operations. in 2021, we expect to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. these actions are expected to result in approximately $53 million in business realignment charges in 2021. however, continually changing business conditions could impact the ultimate costs we incur.