item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock or debt securities.
risks related to covid-19
the outbreak of covid-19 has had, and may continue to have, material adverse consequences for general economic, financial, and business conditions, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity and those of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties.
the outbreak of covid-19 and the responses of governmental authorities and companies, as well as the self-imposed restrictions by many individuals across the world to stem the spread of the virus, have significantly reduced global economic activity; as a result, there has been a dramatic decrease in the number of businesses open for operation, and substantially fewer people across the world have been traveling to work or leaving their homes to procure or provide goods and services. this has resulted, for example, in a dramatic reduction in airline flights and has reduced the number of cars on the road. as a result, there has been a decline in the demand for, and thus also the market prices of, crude oil and certain of our products, particularly the refined petroleum products that we manufacture and sell.
concerns over the negative effects of the covid-19 pandemic on economic and business prospects across the world have contributed to increased market and crude oil price volatility and have diminished expectations for the global economy. these factors, coupled with the emergence of decreasing business and consumer confidence and increasing unemployment resulting from the covid-19 outbreak and the increase in crude oil price volatility, have precipitated an economic slowdown. the current economic slowdown and period of depressed prices for crude oil and most of our products has had, and may continue to have, significant adverse consequences on our financial condition and the financial condition of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties. this has also had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our liquidity and our ability to obtain adequate crude oil volumes and other feedstock supplies and to market certain of our products at favorable prices, or at all.
declines in the market prices of crude oil, other feedstocks, and products below their carrying values in our inventory have required, and may continue to require, us to make certain valuation adjustments (e.g., lower of cost or market (lcm) inventory valuation adjustments) to write down the value of our inventories. this has in turn had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our operating income. the decline in the price of the refined products we sell and the feedstocks we purchase has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on other areas of our business and results of operation, such as our revenues and cost of sales. in addition, a sustained period of low crude oil prices, such as we experienced in 2020, may also result in significant financial constraints on certain producers from which we acquire our crude oil, which could result in long term crude oil supply constraints for our business. such conditions could also result in an increased risk that customers, lenders, service and insurance providers, and other counterparties, such as counterparties to our commodity hedging or derivative instruments, or other agreements vital to our operations, may be unable to fully fulfil their obligations in a timely manner, or at all. any of the foregoing events or conditions, or other unforeseen consequences of covid-19, could significantly adversely affect our business and financial condition and the business and financial condition of our customers, suppliers, and other counterparties.
while in the latter part of the second quarter of 2020 certain governmental authorities in the u.s. and abroad began lifting many of the restrictions put in place to slow the spread of covid-19, which resulted in an increase in the demand and market prices for most of our products relative to what we experienced during the first several months of the pandemic, developments with respect to covid-19 have been occurring at a rapid pace and the risk remains that circumstances could change. for instance, many locations where restrictions were lifted, and others where the restrictions were more moderately lifted (such as california in our u.s. west coast region, and new york, canada, and the u.k. in our north atlantic region), have experienced a resurgence in the spread of covid-19 prompting many governmental authorities to re-impose certain restrictions that had previously been lifted or softened. in addition, in december 2020, the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) and canadian and u.k. regulators each granted emergency-use authorization for multiple covid-19 vaccines to be used as immunization against the virus. although these vaccines may be seen as a key factor in helping to restore public confidence, and thus stimulate and increase economic activity, potentially to pre-pandemic levels, they may not be distributed widely on a timely basis and they may not be effective against new variants of the covid-19 virus.
many uncertainties remain with respect to covid-19, including its resulting economic effects, and we are unable to predict the ultimate economic impacts from covid-19 on our business and how quickly national economies can recover once the pandemic subsides, the timing or effectiveness of vaccine distributions, the potential for new variants of the virus or whether any recovery will ultimately experience a reversal or other setbacks. the ultimate extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic will depend largely on future developments, particularly within the geographic areas where we operate, and the related impact on overall economic activity, all of which are currently unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. however, the adverse impacts of the economic effects from the covid-19 pandemic and the uncertainty in the global oil markets on our business have been and will likely continue to be significant.
the adverse effects of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have also had, and may continue to have, the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in the other risk factors below, as those risk factors are amended or supplemented by subsequent quarterly reports on form 10-q and other reports and documents we file with the u.s. sec after the date of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020.
risks related to our business, industry, and operations our financial results are affected by volatile margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks and the market price at which we can sell our products.
our financial results are affected by the relationship, or margin, between our product prices and the prices for crude oil, corn, and other feedstocks. historically, refining and ethanol margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, corn, other feedstocks, gasoline, diesel, other refined petroleum products, and renewable products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of u.s. and international suppliers, levels of product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of u.s. and global economies, u.s. relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, and the extent of governmental regulation. the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec) to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls has also had, and may continue to have, a significant impact on the market prices of crude oil and certain of our products.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on product margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil, corn, or all of our other feedstocks and must purchase all of the feedstocks we process. we generally purchase our feedstocks long before we process them and sell the resulting products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the resulting products has had, and in the future could continue to have, a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices, as was experienced during much of 2020, negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the carrying value of our inventories.
economic turmoil and political unrest or hostilities, including the threat of future terrorist attacks, could affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity could result in declines in energy consumption, including declines in the demand for and consumption of our products, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects.
refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol margins also can be significantly impacted by additional conversion capacity through the expansion of existing facilities or the construction of new refineries or plants. worldwide refining capacity expansions may result in refining production capability exceeding refined petroleum product demand, which would have an adverse effect on refining margins.
a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils, such as louisiana light sweet (lls) and brent crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined petroleum products, and have declined in certain periods, as was the case for much of 2020, and could again decline in the future. previous declines have had, and any future declines would again have, a negative impact on our results of operations.
legal, technological, and political developments and evolving market sentiment regarding fuel efficiency and low-carbon fuel standards may decrease the demand for our products and could adversely affect our performance.
many state, provincial, and national governments across the world have imposed, and may impose in the future, increases in fuel economy standards, low-carbon fuel standards, restrictions on vehicles using petroleum-based fuel, and other policies or regulations (such as tax incentives or subsidies) aimed at steering the public towards less petroleum-dependent modes of transportation, which could reduce demand for our products. for example, in september 2020 the governor of california issued an executive order seeking to require that sales of all new passenger vehicles be zero-emission by 2035 and medium to heavy duty vehicles be zero-emission by 2045 where feasible. the executive order also requires state agencies to build out sufficient electric vehicle charging infrastructure. other governmental authorities, such as the u.k. and quebec, have also announced intentions to adopt similar restrictions with respect to the sale of new combustion-engine vehicles. a reduction in the demand for our products could also result from a shift by consumers to alternative fuel vehicles, whether as a result of technological or scientific advances, consumer or investor sentiment towards our products and their relationship to the environment, or legislation or regulation mandating or encouraging the use of alternative energy sources. it is not possible at this time to predict the ultimate form, timing, or extent of any such governmental, consumer, or investor actions. however, a reduction in the demand for our products as a result of any of the foregoing events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
developments with respect to low-carbon fuel policies and the market for alternative fuels may affect demand for our renewable fuels and could adversely affect our financial performance.
low-carbon fuel policies, blending credits, and stricter fuel efficiency standards to help reach ghg emissions reduction targets help drive demand for our renewable fuels. any changes to, a failure to enforce, or a discontinuation of any of these policies, goals, and initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our renewable fuels businesses. similarly, new or changing technologies may be developed, consumers may shift to alternative fuels or alternative fuel vehicles (such as electric or hybrid vehicles) other than the renewable fuels we produce, and there may be new entrants into the renewable fuels production industry that could meet demand for lower-carbon transportation fuels and modes of transportation in a more efficient or less costly manner than our technologies and products, which could also have a material adverse effect on our renewable fuels businesses. for instance, several other refiners have made, or announced interest in, investments in renewable diesel projects. should these projects develop, we would face competition from them for feedstocks and customers. while such developments are currently uncertain, a reduction in the demand for our renewable fuels or increased competition for feedstocks could adversely affect our financial performance.
investor sentiment towards climate change, fossil fuels, and other esg matters could adversely affect our business, cost of capital, and the price of our stock and other securities.
there have been efforts in recent years, which have intensified during the covid-19 pandemic, aimed at the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities, and other groups, to promote the divestment of securities of energy companies, as well as to pressure lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with energy companies. as a result, some financial intermediaries, investors, and other capital markets participants have reduced or ceased lending to, or investing in, companies that operate in industries with higher perceived environmental exposure, such as the energy industry. for example, in december 2020, the state of new york announced that it will be divesting the state's common retirement fund from fossil fuels. if this or similar divestment efforts are continued, the price of our common stock or debt securities, and our ability to access capital markets or to otherwise obtain new investment or financing, may be negatively impacted.
members of the investment community are also increasing their focus on esg practices and disclosures, including practices and disclosures related to ghgs and climate change in the energy industry in particular, and diversity and inclusion initiatives and governance standards among companies more generally. as a result, we may face increasing pressure regarding our esg practices and disclosures. additionally, members of the investment community may screen companies such as ours for esg performance before investing in our common stock or debt securities, or lending to us. over the past few years there has also been an acceleration in investor demand for esg investing opportunities, and many large institutional investors have committed to increasing the percentage of their portfolios that are allocated towards esg-focused investments. as a result, there has been a proliferation of esg-focused investment funds seeking esg-oriented investment products.
if we are unable to meet the esg standards or investment or lending criteria set by these investors and funds, we may lose investors, investors may allocate a portion of their capital away from us, our cost of capital may increase, the price of our common stock and debt securities may be negatively impacted, and our reputation may also be negatively affected.
disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil, rendered and recycled materials, corn, and other feedstocks could adversely affect our operations.
a significant portion of our feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in the middle east, africa, asia, north america, and south america. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, these areas. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional feedstock supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected, including from reduced sales volumes of products or reduced margins as a result of higher costs.
in addition, the u.s. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. for instance, u.s. sanctions with respect to iran and venezuela currently limit the ability of u.s. companies to engage in oil transactions involving these countries. these restrictions, and those of other governments, could limit our ability to gain access to business opportunities in various countries. actions by both the u.s. and other countries have affected our operations in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
while darling, our joint venture partner in dgd, supplies some of dgd's feedstock at competitive pricing, dgd must still secure a significant amount of supply from other sources. should darling's supply be disrupted or should supply from other sources become limited or only available at unfavorable terms, dgd could be required to develop alternate sources of supply. while dgd does not believe feedstock supply is likely to be disrupted, such an event could have an adverse impact on dgd's, and therefore our, financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our ethanol segment relies on corn sourced from local farmers and commercial elevators in the mid-continent region of the u.s. as a result, the feedstock supply of our ethanol segment is acutely exposed to the effects that weather and other environmental events occurring in that region, as well as applicable governmental policies such as farming subsidies, can have on crop production. any reduction in crop production from these or similar events could reduce the supply of, or otherwise increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our ethanol segment.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and other feedstocks and the products that we manufacture.
we use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our refineries and plants and to transport the products we manufacture to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the pipelines, vessels, trucks, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, derailments, collisions, fires, explosions, governmental regulations, or third-party actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, have greater financial resources, or provide alternative energy sources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks and for retail sites for our refined petroleum products. we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks and we do not have a company-owned retail network. many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and they may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have. such competitors may have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry. in addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial, and individual consumers.
a significant interruption in one or more of our refineries or renewable diesel or ethanol plants could adversely affect our business.
our refineries, renewable diesel plant, and ethanol plants are our principal operating assets. as a result, our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries or plants were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or otherwise be forced to shut down. if any refinery or plant were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the refinery or plant could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. significant interruptions in our refining, renewable diesel, or ethanol systems could also lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil, rendered and recycled materials, corn, and many of our products.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns.
we may engage in capital projects based on the forecasted project economics and level of return on the capital to be employed in the project. large-scale projects take many years to complete, and market conditions can change from our forecast. as a result, we may be unable to fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
our investments in joint ventures and other entities decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. we also conduct some of our operations through entities in which we have no ownership. our joint venture partners may have economic, business or legal interests, or goals that are inconsistent with our goals and interests or may be unable to meet their obligations. for instance, while we operate the dgd plant and perform certain day-to-day operating and management functions for dgd as an independent contractor, we do not have full control with respect to every aspect of dgd's business and certain large actions concerning dgd, including, among others, the acquisition or disposition of assets above a certain value threshold, making certain changes to dgd's business plan, raising debt or equity capital, dgd's distribution policy, and entering into particular transactions, which currently require certain approvals from darling. failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with joint ventures, and any differences in views among us and our joint venture partners, which could prevent or delay actions that are in the best interest of us or the joint venture, could have a material adverse effect on our, or our joint ventures', financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
legal, governmental, and regulatory risks compliance with and changes in environmental laws, including proposed climate change laws and regulations, and climate change litigation could adversely affect our performance.
the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels, including gasoline and diesel. certain of these laws and regulations could impose obligations to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our refineries and plants as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes have migrated. environmental laws and regulations also may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. if we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned.
because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to ghg emissions and climate change, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. shortly after taking office in january 2021, president biden issued a series of executive orders designed to address climate change. president biden has also signed an executive order requiring agencies to review environmental actions taken by the previous administration, and the current administration has issued a memorandum to departments and agencies to refrain from proposing or issuing rules until a departmental or agency head appointed or designated by the current administration has reviewed and approved the rule. president biden's executive orders, as well as the u.s.'s reentry into the paris agreement as discussed below, may result in the development of additional regulations or changes to existing regulations.
current and future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, increased costs of the goods we sell, and decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, discontinue use of certain process units, or install pollution control equipment that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
for example, in 2015, the u.s., canada, and the u.k. participated in the united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement. the paris agreement, which was signed by the u.s. in april 2016, requires countries to review and "represent a progression" in their intended nationally determined contributions (which set ghg emission reduction goals) every five years beginning in 2020. in november 2019, the previous administration served notice on the united nations that the u.s. would withdraw from the paris agreement, which ultimately occurred in 2020. however, on january 20, 2021, president biden signed an instrument that reverses this withdrawal, and the u.s. formally rejoined the paris agreement on february 19, 2021. the u.s.'s reentry into the paris agreement may result in the development of additional regulations or changes to existing regulations. additionally, the paris agreement may affect our operations in canada, the u.k., ireland, and latin america. restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that have been or may be imposed in various u.s. states, at the u.s. federal level, or in other countries could also adversely affect the oil and gas industry.
we could also face increased climate‐related litigation with respect to our operations or products. governmental and other entities in various u.s. states such as california and new york have filed lawsuits against coal, gas, oil, and petroleum companies. the lawsuits allege damages as a result of climate change, and the plaintiffs seek damages and abatement under various tort theories. similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. while we are currently not a party to any of these lawsuits, they present a high degree of uncertainty regarding the extent to which energy companies face an increased risk of liability stemming from climate change, which risk would also adversely impact the oil and gas industry.
compliance with the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) renewable fuel standard (rfs) could adversely affect our performance.
the u.s. epa has implemented the rfs pursuant to the energy policy act of 2005 and the energy independence and security act of 2007. the rfs program sets annual quotas for the quantity of renewable fuels that must be blended into transportation fuels consumed in the u.s. a renewable identification number (rin) is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in or imported into the u.s. as a producer of petroleum-based transportation fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the u.s. epa's quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase rins in the market to satisfy our obligation under the rfs program. the u.s. epa missed its november 30, 2020, statutory deadline to set the 2021 renewable volume obligations (rvos) establishing the volume of renewable fuels refiners must blend into their fuel mix in 2021 and, to date, has not issued a proposed rule for the 2021 rvo. while there are statutory targets still in place, the ultimate rvo for 2021 and the potential costs associated therewith remain uncertain until the rvo is set.
we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. rins prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including u.s. epa regulations, the availability of rins for purchase, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. the ultimate outcome of the 2021 rvo rule will also likely affect rin prices. if sufficient rins are unavailable for purchase, if we have to pay a significantly higher price for rins, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the u.s. epa's rfs mandates, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the current administration has also been critical of exemptions from the rfs mandates granted to small refineries during the previous administration. while litigation over the issue is currently before the u.s. supreme court, the u.s. epa under the current administration may be less willing to grant such waivers going forward and may increase the rvo obligations in future years. to the extent fewer waivers are granted in the future or rvo obligations are increased, the demand for and the price of rins would likely also increase, and our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
any attempt by the u.s. government to withdraw from, re-enter, materially modify any existing international trade agreements, or enter into any new international trade agreements in the future could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, and investment could adversely affect our business. for example, the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers with other countries could affect our ability to obtain feedstocks from international sources, increase our costs, and reduce the competitiveness of our products.
while there is currently a lack of certainty around the likelihood, timing, and details of any such policies and reforms, if the current u.s. administration takes action to withdraw from, re-enter, or materially modify any existing international trade agreements, or to enter into any new international trade agreements in the future, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes, indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes (vat)), payroll taxes, franchise taxes, withholding taxes, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authority. although we believe we have used reasonable interpretations and assumptions in calculating our tax liabilities, the final determination of these tax audits and any related proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. any adverse outcome of such tax audits or related proceedings could result in unforeseen tax-related liabilities that may, individually or in the aggregate, materially affect our cash tax liabilities, results of operations, and financial condition. tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate may change significantly as a result of political or economic factors beyond our control. it is also possible that future changes to tax laws (including tax treaties with any of the jurisdictions in which we operate) could impact our ability to realize the tax savings recorded to date. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws (including tax treaties) or their interpretations.
changes in the method of determining the london interbank offered rate (libor) or the replacement of libor with an alternative reference rate may adversely affect interest rates.
on july 27, 2017, the financial conduct authority in the u.k. announced that it would phase out libor as a benchmark by the end of 2021. it is unclear whether new methods of calculating libor will be established such that it continues to exist after 2021, or whether different benchmark rates used to price indebtedness will develop. in the future, we may need to renegotiate our financial agreements, including, but not limited to, our $4.0 billion revolving credit facility, or incur other indebtedness, and we may be required to select and use a replacement reference rate for certain other outstanding debt. the phase-out of libor or the use of any replacement reference rate may negatively impact the terms of, and our ability to refinance, such indebtedness and could also adversely affect the interest rate payable on, and the liquidity and value of, such indebtedness. in addition, the overall financial market and the ability to raise future indebtedness in a cost effective manner may be disrupted as a result of the phase-out or replacement of libor. disruption in the financial market could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
changes in the u.k.'s economic and other relationships with the european union (eu) could adversely affect us.
in june 2016, the u.k. elected to withdraw from the eu in a national referendum (brexit). the u.k. withdrew from the eu on january 31, 2020, consistent with the terms of the eu-uk withdrawal agreement, with a transition period that ended on december 31, 2020. on january 1, 2021, the u.k. left the eu single market and customs union as well as all eu policies and international agreements. as a result, the free movement of persons, goods, services, and capital between the u.k. and the eu ended, and the eu and the u.k. formed two separate markets and two distinct regulatory and legal spaces. on december 24, 2020, the european commission reached a trade agreement with the u.k. on the terms of its future cooperation with the eu. the trade agreement offers u.k. and eu companies preferential access to each other's markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas (subject to rules of origin requirements). the ultimate impact of this trade agreement, and the broader economic and regulatory consequences of brexit, however, are currently unknown, and it is possible that such effects and consequences could ultimately adversely impact our operations and financial performance.
cyber security and privacy related risks a significant interruption related to our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
our information technology systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could result in (i) a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information, or employee, customer or vendor data; (ii) public disclosure of sensitive information; (iii) increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants; (iv) systems interruption; (v) disruption of our business operations; (vi) remediation costs for repairs of system damage; (vii) reputational damage that adversely affects customer or investor confidence; and (viii) damage to our competitiveness, stock price, and long-term stockholder value. a breach could also originate from, or compromise, our customers' and vendors' or other third-party networks outside of our control. a breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our shareholders, employees, customers, vendors, and governmental authorities (u.s. and non-u.s.). there can be no assurance that our infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent a technology systems breach or systems failure, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyberattacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. to the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements.
increasing regulatory focus on privacy and security issues and expanding laws could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations, and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business.
along with our own data and information in the normal course of our business, we collect and retain certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations. the transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. this data is subject to governmental regulation at the federal, state, international, provincial, and local levels in many areas of our business, including data privacy and security laws such as the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
the gdpr applies to activities regarding personal data that may be conducted by us, directly or indirectly through vendors and subcontractors, from an establishment in the eu. as interpretation and enforcement of the gdpr evolves, it creates a range of new compliance obligations, which could cause us to incur additional costs. failure to comply could result in significant penalties of up to a maximum of 4 percent of our global turnover that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows.
the ccpa, which came into effect on january 1, 2020, gives california residents specific rights in relation to their personal information, requires that companies take certain actions, including notifications for security incidents, and may apply to activities regarding personal information that is collected by us, directly or indirectly, from california residents. as interpretation and enforcement of the ccpa evolves, it creates a range of new compliance obligations, with the possibility for significant financial penalties for noncompliance that may materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, and cash flows.
the gdpr and ccpa, as well as other data privacy laws that may become applicable to our business, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges and potentially elevate our costs. any failure by us to comply with these laws and regulations, including as a result of a security or privacy breach, could result in significant penalties and liabilities for us. additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result.
general risk factors uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by unstable or illiquid market conditions. protracted uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets also could have an adverse impact on our lenders, commodity hedging counterparties, or our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. in addition, decreased returns on pension fund assets may also materially increase our pension funding requirements.
our access to credit and capital markets also depends on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we currently maintain investment-grade ratings by standard & poor's ratings services, moody's investors service, and fitch ratings on our senior unsecured debt. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. specifically, if ratings agencies were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs may increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, we may not be able to obtain favorable credit terms from our suppliers or they may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit, or other forms of security, which would increase our operating costs. as a result, a downgrade below investment grade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
from time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities. we have existing revolving credit facilities, committed letter of credit facilities, and an accounts receivable sales facility to provide us with available financing to meet our ongoing cash needs. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets may materially impact the ability of the participating financial institutions and other counterparties to fund their commitments to us under our various financing facilities or our derivative instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
severe weather events may have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
severe weather events, such as storms, hurricanes, droughts, or floods, could have an adverse effect on our operations and could increase our costs. for instance, severe weather events can have an impact on crops production and reduce the supply of, or otherwise increase our costs to obtain, feedstocks for our ethanol and renewable diesel segments. if climate changes result in more intense or frequent severe weather events, the physical and disruptive effects could have a material adverse impact on our operations and assets.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns, or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
certain workers at five of our u.s. refineries, as well as at each of our canadian and u.k. refineries, are covered by collective bargaining or similar agreements, which generally have unique and independent expiration dates. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action at our facilities or at facilities owned or operated by third parties that support our operations could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, future federal, state, or foreign labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs, especially during critical maintenance periods.
we are subject to operational risks and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses arising from operating hazards. failure by one or more insurers to honor their coverage commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could increase substantially. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is very limited, and coverage for terrorism risks includes very broad exclusions. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. significant disruptions in financial markets could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. we can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following review of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with item 1a, "risk factors," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," included in this report.
this discussion and analysis includes the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 and comparisons between such years. the discussions for the year ended december 31, 2018 and comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 have been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020, as such information can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, which was filed on february 26, 2020.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under the heading "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "scheduled," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "could," "would," "should," "will," "may," "strive," "seek," "potential," "opportunity," "aimed," "considering," "continue," and similar expressions.
•the effect, impact, potential duration, or other implications of the covid-19 pandemic and global crude oil production levels, and any expectations we may have with respect thereto, including with respect to our operations and the production levels of our assets;
•future refining segment margins, including gasoline and distillate margins;
•future renewable diesel segment margins;
•future ethanol segment margins;
•expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, and operating expenses;
•anticipated levels of crude oil and refined petroleum product inventories and storage capacity;
•our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and joint venture investments, the expected timing applicable to such capital investments and any related projects, and the effect of those capital investments on our results of operations;
•our anticipated level of cash distributions or contributions, such as our dividend payment rate and contributions to our qualified pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans;
•anticipated trends in the supply of and demand for crude oil and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory initiatives; and
•the effect of general economic and other conditions on refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol industry fundamentals.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves, our industry, and the global economy and financial markets generally. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, actual results may differ materially from the future performance or results that we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual results and any future performance or results suggested in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•demand for, and supplies of, refined petroleum products (such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and petrochemicals), renewable diesel, and ethanol and corn related co-products;
•demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•the effects of public health threats, pandemics, and epidemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, and the adverse impacts thereof on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity, including, but not limited to, our growth, operating costs, supply chain, labor availability, logistical capabilities, customer demand for our products, and industry demand generally, margins, production and throughput capacity, utilization, inventory value, cash position, taxes, the price of our securities and trading markets with respect thereto, our ability to access capital markets, and the global economy and financial markets generally;
•acts of terrorism aimed at either our refineries and plants or third-party facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol, or corn related co-products, or to receive feedstocks;
•political and economic conditions in nations that produce crude oil or other feedstocks or consume refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, ethanol or corn related co-products;
•the ability of the members of opec to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•the level of consumer demand, including seasonal fluctuations;
•refinery, renewable diesel plant or ethanol plant overcapacity or undercapacity;
•our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations;
•the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity or renewable fuels production in response to market conditions;
•the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, weather events, civil unrest, political events, terrorism, cyberattacks, or other catastrophes or disruptions affecting our operations, production facilities, machinery, pipelines and other logistics assets, equipment, or information systems, or any of the foregoing of our suppliers, customers, or third-party service providers;
•changes in the cost or availability of transportation or storage capacity for feedstocks and our products;
•the price, availability, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles, as well as sentiment and perceptions with respect to ghg emissions more generally;
•the levels of government subsidies for, and mandates or other policies with respect to, alternative fuels, alternative-fuel vehicles, and other low-carbon technologies;
•the volatility in the market price of biofuel credits (primarily rins needed to comply with the rfs) and ghg emission credits needed to comply with the requirements of various ghg emission programs;
•delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned capital projects;
•earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and irregular weather, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of natural gas, crude oil, rendered and recycled materials, corn, and other feedstocks, refined petroleum products, renewable diesel, and ethanol;
•rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, including unexpected environmental remediation costs, in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by governmental authorities, including tariffs and tax and environmental regulations, such as those implemented under the california cap-and-trade system and similar programs, and the u.s. epa's or other governmental regulation of ghgs, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, and the peruvian sol relative to the u.s. dollar;
•the adequacy of capital resources and liquidity, including availability, timing, and amounts of cash flow or our ability to borrow;
•overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets; and
•other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in item 1a, "risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those suggested in any forward-looking statements. we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by the securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
non-gaap financial measures the discussions in "overview and outlook," "results of operations," and "liquidity and capital resources" below include references to financial measures that are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted operating income (loss) (including adjusted operating income (loss) for each of our reportable segments, as applicable); refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin; and capital investments attributable to valero. we have included these non-gaap financial measures to help facilitate the comparison of operating results between years and to help assess our cash flows. see the tables in note (f) beginning on page 46 for reconciliations of adjusted operating income (loss) (including adjusted operating income (loss) for each of our reportable segments, as applicable) and refining, renewable diesel, and ethanol segment margin to their most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures. also in note (f), we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of such non-gaap financial measures provides useful information. see the table on page 53 for a reconciliation of capital investments attributable to valero to its most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure. beginning on page 52, we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of this non-gaap financial measure provides useful information.
overview and outlook overview business operations update the outbreak of covid-19 and its development into a pandemic in march 2020 has resulted in significant economic disruption globally, including in north america, europe, and latin america, the primary geographic areas where we operate. in march, governmental authorities around the world took actions, such as stay-at-home orders and other social distancing measures, to slow the spread of covid-19 that restricted travel, public gatherings, and the overall level of individual movement and in-person interaction across the globe. these actions significantly reduced global economic activity and negatively impacted many businesses, including our business. airlines have dramatically reduced flights and motor vehicle usage has significantly declined, in each case relative to typical pre-pandemic levels. as a result, in the first half of 2020, there was a decline in the demand for, and thus also the market prices of, most of the transportation fuels that we produce and sell. there was also a decline in the global demand for crude oil, the primary feedstock for our refined products, resulting in a decline in crude oil prices and production levels. while the production levels of all types of crude oils have declined, sour crude oil production has declined significantly and by more than production levels for sweet crude oils. this has reduced the price advantage of sour crude oils relative to sweet crude oils, which has exacerbated the negative impact of lower product prices on our refining margin.6,7
beginning in the latter part of the second quarter, certain governmental authorities in the u.s. and other countries across the world, particularly those in our u.s. gulf coast and u.s. mid-continent regions, began lifting many of the restrictions put in place to slow the spread of covid-19, while governmental authorities in our u.s. west coast and north atlantic regions began lifting restrictions on a more moderate basis during the third quarter. this resulted in an increase in the level of individual movement and travel and, in turn, an increase in the demand and market prices for most of our products relative to what we experienced during the early months of the pandemic. however, in the second half of 2020, many locations where restrictions were lifted, and others where the restrictions were only more moderately lifted (such as california in our u.s. west coast region, and new york, canada, and the u.k. in our north atlantic region), experienced a resurgence in the spread of covid-19, which prompted many governmental authorities to reimpose certain restrictions. in december 2020, the u.s. fda and canadian and u.k. regulators each granted emergency-use authorization for multiple covid-19 vaccines to be used as immunization against the covid-19 virus. although these vaccines may be seen as a key factor in helping to restore public confidence, and thus stimulate and increase economic activity, potentially to pre-pandemic levels, they may not be distributed widely on a timely basis and they may not be effective against new variants of the virus. based on these and other circumstances that cannot be predicted, the broader implications of the pandemic on our results of operations and financial position remain uncertain.
as previously noted, the decrease in the demand for transportation fuels has resulted in a significant decrease in the price of refined petroleum products manufactured by our refining segment. for example, the price of gasoline8 in the u.s. gulf coast region where eight of our 15 refineries are located was $68.82 per barrel at the beginning of 2020, fell to $17.65 per barrel at the end of march (a 74 percent decline), and partially recovered to $57.63 per barrel by the end of december (a 16 percent decline over see page 46 for our definition of refining margin and why we believe it is an important financial and operating measure.
sour crude oils typically sell at a discount to the price of benchmark sweet crude oils, which set the price of most refined products. therefore, lower prices for sour crude oils that we process have a favorable impact on our refining margin.
gasoline prices quoted represent the price of u.s. gulf coast conventional blendstock of oxygenate blending gasoline.
the twelve-month period). another example is the price of diesel in the u.s. gulf coast region, which was $81.71 per barrel at the beginning of 2020, fell to $39.18 per barrel at the end of march (a 52 percent decline), and partially recovered to $60.20 per barrel by the end of december (a 26 percent decline over the twelve-month period). on february 22, 2021, the prices of gasoline and diesel were $76.62 per barrel and $76.84 per barrel, respectively.
demand for renewable diesel has not declined due to continued demand for this low-carbon transportation fuel despite the current economic environment; therefore, our renewable diesel segment has not been impacted as were our refining and ethanol segments.
the price of ethanol manufactured by our ethanol segment has also decreased due to a decline in demand. because ethanol is primarily blended into gasoline, ethanol demand declined along with the decline in the demand for gasoline.
prices for the products we sell and the feedstocks we purchase impact our revenues, cost of sales, operating income, and liquidity. in addition, a decline in the market prices of products and feedstocks below their carrying values in our inventory results in a writedown in the value of our inventories, and a subsequent recovery in market prices results in a write-up in the value of our inventories, not to exceed their previous carrying values. these inventory valuation adjustments are referred to as lcm inventory valuation adjustments and are described in note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we wrote down the value of our inventories by $2.5 billion in the first quarter of 2020 due to the significant decline in market prices at that time, but as market prices improved, the writedown was fully reversed by the end of the third quarter.
for the year ended december 31, 2020, we generated an operating loss of $1.6 billion. our operating results for the year ended december 31, 2020, including operating results by segment, are described in the summary below, and detailed descriptions can be found under "results of operations" on pages 37 through 49.
our cash and cash equivalents increased by $730 million during 2020, from $2.6 billion as of december 31, 2019 to $3.3 billion as of december 31, 2020. we invested $2.4 billion in our business and returned $1.8 billion to our stockholders primarily through dividend payments. these uses of cash were offset by proceeds from two public debt offerings totaling $4.0 billion before deducting the underwriting discounts and debt issuance costs as described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, our operations generated net cash of $948 million, which was driven by a decrease in inventory on hand. we had $9.0 billion of liquidity as of december 31, 2020. a summary of our cash flows is presented on page 50, and a description of our cash flows and other matters impacting our liquidity and capital resources, including measures we have taken to address the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic on our liquidity, can be found under "liquidity and capital resources" on pages 49 through 55.
we have responded in multiple ways to the impacts from the covid-19 pandemic on our business, and we will strive to continue to respond to these impacts. during the early months of the pandemic, we reduced the amount of crude oil processed at most of our refineries in response to the decreased demand for our products, we temporarily idled various gasoline-making units at certain of our refineries to further limit gasoline production, and we took measures to reduce jet fuel production. we also temporarily idled diesel prices quoted represent the price of u.s. gulf coast ultra-low sulfur diesel.
see the components of our liquidity as of december 31, 2020 in the table on page 50 under "liquidity and capital resources-our liquidity."
eight of our ethanol plants and reduced production at our other ethanol plants, in each case in order to address the decreased demand for ethanol. we have since increased the production of most of our products to align with increasing demand, and we restarted the gasoline-making units and most of the ethanol plants that had been temporarily idled. demand for our products taken as a whole, however, has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, and as of december 31, 2020, our refineries and plants are operating to meet current product demand. in addition to these measures and the issuances of an aggregate of $4.0 billion of debt previously noted, we have addressed our liquidity as outlined below:
•we deferred projects representing approximately $500 million of capital investments that we had expected to make in 2020 related to our refining and ethanol segments.
•we deferred income and indirect (e.g., vat and motor fuel taxes) tax payments of approximately $440 million due in the first and second quarters of 2020. these deferrals were provided to taxpayers under new legislation, such as the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security (cares) act in the u.s., and by various taxing authorities under existing legislation. as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $250 million of deferred tax payments. of the $250 million, approximately 70 percent will be paid in 2021 and 30 percent in 2022.
•we have not purchased any shares of our common stock under our stock purchase program since mid-march 2020, and we will evaluate the timing of repurchases when appropriate. we have no obligation to make purchases under our stock purchase program.
•we entered into a 364-day revolving credit facility on april 13, 2020 with an aggregate principal amount of up to $875 million as described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. as of december 31, 2020 and february 22, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
•we extended the maturity date of our accounts receivable sales facility to july 2021 and decreased the facility amount from $1.3 billion to $1.0 billion as described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. as of december 31, 2020 and february 22, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings under this facility.
many uncertainties remain with respect to the covid-19 pandemic, including its resulting economic effects, and we are unable to predict the ultimate economic impacts from the pandemic on our business and how quickly national economies can recover once the pandemic subsides, the timing or effectiveness of vaccine distributions, or whether any recovery will ultimately experience a reversal or other setbacks. however, the adverse impacts of the economic effects on our company have been and will likely continue to be significant. we believe we have proactively addressed many of the known impacts of the pandemic to the extent possible and we will strive to continue to do so, but there can be no assurance that these or other measures will be fully effective.
for 2020, we reported a net loss attributable to valero stockholders of $1.4 billion compared to net income attributable to valero stockholders of $2.4 billion for 2019, which represents a decrease of $3.8 billion. the decrease was primarily due to lower operating income of $5.4 billion, partially offset by a $1.6 billion decrease in income taxes. the decrease in operating income included a $224 million charge for the impact of a liquidation of lifo inventory layers, which is described in note 5 of notes to consolidated financial statements and in note (a) on page 44.
while our operating income decreased by $5.4 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, adjusted operating income decreased by $5.0 billion. adjusted operating income excludes the lifo liquidation adjustment and other adjustments to operating income reflected in the table in note (f) on page 49.
the $5.0 billion decrease in adjusted operating income was primarily due to the following:
•refining segment. refining segment adjusted operating income decreased by $5.1 billion primarily due to decreases in gasoline and distillate margins, lower throughput volumes, and the higher cost of biofuel credits, partially offset by higher margins on other products and lower operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). this is more fully described on pages 41 and 42.
•renewable diesel segment. renewable diesel segment adjusted operating income increased by $62 million primarily due to a favorable impact from commodity derivative instruments associated with our price risk management activities. this is more fully described on page 43.
•ethanol segment. ethanol segment adjusted operating income decreased by $40 million primarily due to lower ethanol prices and production volumes, partially offset by higher prices on corn related co-products, lower corn prices, and lower operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). this is more fully described on pages 43 and 44.
outlook as previously discussed, many uncertainties remain with respect to the covid-19 pandemic, and while it is difficult to predict the ultimate economic impacts that the pandemic will have on us and how quickly we can recover once the pandemic subsides, we have noted several factors below that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2021.
•gasoline, jet fuel, and diesel prices are expected to improve as industry-wide excess inventory levels continue to draw toward historical levels and product demand recovers.
•sour crude oil discounts are not expected to improve until opec production is increased in response to any growth in global oil demand.
•renewable diesel margins are expected to remain consistent with current levels.
as a result of brexit in june 2016, the u.k. withdrew from the eu on january 31, 2020 consistent with the terms of the eu-uk withdrawal agreement. in late december 2020, the european commission reached a trade agreement with the u.k. on the terms of its future cooperation with the eu. the trade agreement offers u.k. and eu companies preferential access to each other's markets, ensuring imported goods will be free of tariffs and quotas (subject to rules of origin requirements). although the ultimate impact of this trade agreement is currently unknown, we do not anticipate any material adverse effect on our operations in the u.k.
in mid-february 2021, the u.s. gulf coast and u.s. mid-continent regions experienced a severe winter storm that disrupted the operation of industrial facilities like refineries, plants, and logistical assets, including ours located in those regions. most facilities experienced curtailments or outages of various utilities and other services necessary for such facilities to remain operational. all of our facilities in those regions were impacted to some extent by the severe cold and/or supply and utility disruptions. we are in the process of returning to normal operations and we are currently unable to estimate the impact this event will have on our results of operations.
results of operations the following tables, including the reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures in note (f) beginning on page 46, highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market reference prices that directly impact our operations.
financial highlights by segment and total company
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                                $60,840                       $1,055                        $3,017                             $-                          $64,912
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other (a) (b)                                                                              56,093                          500                         2,784                          (444)                           58,933
lcm inventory valuation adjustment (c)                                                                             (19)                            -                             -                              -                             (19)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)                              3,944                           85                           406                              -                            4,435
total cost of sales                                                                                              62,156                          629                         3,311                          (444)                           65,652
other operating expenses                                                                                             34                            -                             1                              -                               35
operating income (loss) by segment                                                                             $(1,342)                         $638                         $(69)                         $(806)                          (1,579)
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                                                                       (563)
loss before income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                                                             (2,010)
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (903)
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
(millions of dollars)
revenues from external customers                                                                               $103,746                         $970                        $3,606                             $2                         $108,324
cost of sales:
cost of materials and other (b)                                                                                  93,371                          360                         3,239                          (494)                           96,476
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)                              4,289                           75                           504                              -                            4,868
total cost of sales                                                                                              99,722                          485                         3,833                          (494)                          103,546
other operating expenses                                                                                             20                            -                             1                              -                               21
operating income by segment                                                                                      $4,022                         $732                            $3                         $(921)                            3,836
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                                                                       (454)
average market reference prices and differentials year ended december 31,
conventional blendstock of oxygenate blending (cbob)gasoline less brent            2.97                            4.37
average market reference prices and differentials, (continued)
renewable diesel new york mercantile exchange uls diesel (dollars per gallon)             $1.25                         $1.94
chicago board of trade (cbot) soybean oil (dollars per pound)             0.32                          0.29
total company, corporate, and other the following table includes selected financial data for the total company, corporate, and other for 2020 and 2019. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables on pages 37 and 38, unless otherwise noted.
2020                                                                                                                                2019                         change revenues                                                                                       $64,912                      $108,324                     $(43,412)
cost of sales (see notes (a) through (c) beginning on page 44)                                  65,652                       103,546                      (37,894)
operating income (loss)                                                                        (1,579)                         3,836                       (5,415)
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (f) on page 49)                                     (1,309)                         3,699                       (5,008)
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                           (563)                         (454)                         (109)
income tax expense (benefit)                                                                     (903)                           702                       (1,605)
revenues decreased by $43.4 billion in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to decreases in refined petroleum product prices associated with sales made by our refining segment. the decrease in revenues was partially offset by a decrease in cost of sales of $37.9 billion and a decrease in general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) of $112 million, which resulted in a $5.4 billion decrease in operating income, from $3.8 billion of operating income in 2019 to an operating loss of $1.6 billion in 2020. the decrease in cost of sales was primarily due to decreases in crude oil and other feedstock costs, partially offset by the $224 million lifo liquidation adjustment, which is described in note (a) on page 44.
adjusted operating income decreased by $5.0 billion, from $3.7 billion of adjusted operating income in 2019 to an adjusted operating loss of $1.3 billion in 2020. the $5.0 billion decrease includes a $112 million decrease in general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) associated with our corporate activities, and this decrease is discussed below. the remaining components of the decrease in adjusted operating income are discussed by segment in the segment analysis that follows.
general and administrative expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased by $112 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to a decrease in employee incentive compensation expenses of $37 million, a decrease in charitable contributions of $20 million, lower advertising expenses of $18 million, and lower taxes other than income taxes of $16 million, as well as the effect from transaction costs of $7 million associated with the merger transaction with vlp in 2019.
"interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest" increased by $109 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to interest expense associated with public debt offerings in 2020 and finance leases that commenced in the latter part of 2019 and the first nine months of 2020. see notes 6 and 10 in notes to consolidated financial statements for additional details.
income tax expense decreased by $1.6 billion in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily as a result of lower income before income tax expense. our effective tax rate was 45 percent in 2020 compared to 20 percent in 2019. the effective tax rate for 2020 was impacted by a u.s. federal tax net operating loss (nol) carried back to 2015 when the u.s. federal statutory rate was 35 percent, as described in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by $48 million in 2020 compared to 2019 primarily due to lower earnings associated with dgd. the decrease in dgd's earnings is primarily due to the effect of a $156 million benefit for the 2018 blender's tax credit recognized in 2019, of which 50 percent is attributable to the holder of the noncontrolling interest, as described in note (b) on page 44.
refining segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our refining segment for 2020 and 2019. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables on pages 37 and 38, respectively, unless otherwise noted.
2020                                                                                                           2019                                    change operating income (loss)                                                                         $(1,342)                      $4,022                   $(5,364)
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (f) on page 48)                                       (1,105)                       4,040                   (5,145)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)               3,944                       4,289                   (345)
refining segment operating income decreased by $5.4 billion in 2020; however, refining segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (f) on page 48, decreased by $5.1 billion in 2020 compared to 2019. the components of this decrease, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are outlined below.
refining segment margin is primarily affected by the prices of the refined petroleum products that we sell and the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks that we process. the table on page 39 reflects market reference prices and differentials that we believe had a material impact on the change in our refining segment margin in 2020 compared to 2019.
◦a decrease in distillate (primarily diesel) margins had an unfavorable impact of approximately $3.4 billion.
◦a decrease in gasoline margins had an unfavorable impact of approximately $1.7 billion.
◦a decrease in throughput volumes of 397,000 bpd had an unfavorable impact of $773 million. as noted in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update" on pages 33 through 35, as a result of the economic disruption from the covid-19 pandemic, we reduced the amount of crude oil processed at our refineries and limited the production of gasoline and jet fuel at certain of our refineries during the early months of the pandemic. while we have since increased the production of most of our products and restarted the gasoline-making units that we had temporarily idled at certain of our refineries in order to align with increasing demand for most of our products, we expect to continue to operate most of our refineries at reduced rates.
◦an increase in the cost of biofuel credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) had an unfavorable impact of $330 million. see note 21 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on our government and regulatory compliance programs.
◦higher margins on other products had a favorable impact of approximately $1.1 billion.
•refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased by $345 million primarily due to lower natural gas and electricity costs of $161 million, lower chemical and catalyst costs of $78 million, lower maintenance expenses of $40 million, and lower employee incentive compensation costs of $28 million. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to lower production.
•refining segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased by $76 million primarily due to an increase in depreciation expense of $118 million associated with capital projects that were completed and finance leases that commenced in the latter part of 2019 and the first nine months of 2020, partially offset by lower refinery turnaround and catalyst amortization expense of $33 million.
renewable diesel segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our renewable diesel segment for 2020 and 2019. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables on pages 37 and 38, respectively, unless otherwise noted.
2020                                                                                                                       2019                     change operating income                                                                             $638                      $732                     $(94)
adjusted operating income (see note (f) on page 48)                                           638                       576                        62
operating expenses (excluding depreciation andamortization expense reflected below)            85                        75                        10
renewable diesel segment operating income decreased by $94 million in 2020; however, renewable diesel segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustment in the table in note (f) on page 48, increased by $62 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase was primarily due to higher renewable diesel segment margin.
renewable diesel segment margin increased by $66 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the increase was primarily due to a favorable impact from commodity derivative instruments associated with our price risk management activities. we recognized a hedge gain of $34 million in 2020 compared to a hedge loss of $24 million in 2019, resulting in a favorable change of $58 million between the years.
ethanol segment results the following table includes selected financial and operating data of our ethanol segment for 2020 and 2019. the selected financial data is derived from the financial highlights by segment and total company tables on pages 37 and 38, respectively, unless otherwise noted.
2020                                                                                                                          2019               change operating income (loss)                                                                        $(69)                        $3                   $(72)
adjusted operating income (loss) (see note (f) on page 48)                                      (36)                         4                   (40)
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense reflected below)             406                       504                   (98)
ethanol segment operating income decreased by $72 million in 2020; however, ethanol segment adjusted operating income, which excludes the adjustments in the table in note (f) on page 48, decreased by $40 million in 2020 compared to 2019. the components of this decrease, along with the reasons for the changes in these components, are outlined below.
ethanol segment margin is primarily affected by prices of the ethanol and corn related co-products that we sell and the cost of corn that we process. the table on page 40 reflects market reference prices that we believe had a material impact on the change in our ethanol segment margin in 2020 compared to 2019.
◦lower ethanol prices had an unfavorable impact of approximately $166 million.
◦a decrease in production volumes of 681,000 gallons per day had an unfavorable impact of approximately $92 million. as noted in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update" on pages 33 through 35, as a result of the economic disruption from the covid-19 pandemic, eight of our ethanol plants were temporarily idled and production was reduced at our remaining ethanol plants during the early months of the pandemic. however, demand for ethanol began to recover during the latter part of 2020, and as a result, most of our ethanol plants have recently increased production to meet current product demand.
◦higher prices on the co-products that we produce, primarily ddgs, had a favorable impact of approximately $79 million.
◦lower corn prices had a favorable impact of approximately $45 million.
•ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased by $98 million primarily due to lower natural gas and electricity costs of $43 million, lower chemical and catalyst costs of $23 million, and lower maintenance expenses of $15 million. the decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to lower production.
(a)cost of materials and other for the year ended december 31, 2020 includes a charge of $224 million related to the liquidation of lifo inventory layers attributable to our refining and ethanol segments. our inventory levels decreased throughout 2020 due to lower production resulting from lower demand for our products caused by the negative economic impacts of covid-19 on our business. as a result, our inventory levels at december 31, 2020 were below their december 31, 2019 levels. of the $224 million charge recognized for the year ended december 31, 2020, $222 million and $2 million is attributable to our refining and ethanol segments, respectively.
(b)cost of materials and other for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 includes a benefit related to the blender's tax credit. the legislation authorizing the credit through december 31, 2022 was passed and signed into law in december 2019. as a result, for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized a benefit of $297 million related to the blender's tax credit attributable to renewable diesel volumes blended during 2020. the legislation also reinstated the credit retroactively to volumes blended during 2019 and 2018, and consequently, we recognized a benefit of $449 million in december 2019 for the blender's tax credit attributable to volumes blended during those two years. the entire amount was recognized by us in december 2019 because the law was enacted in that month.
the above-mentioned pre-tax benefits are attributable to our reportable segments and stockholders as follows:
(c)the market value of our inventories accounted for under the lifo method fell below their historical cost on an aggregate basis as of march 31, 2020. as a result, we recorded an lcm inventory valuation adjustment of $2.5 billion in march 2020. the market value of our lifo inventories improved due to the subsequent recovery in market prices, which resulted in a full reversal of the reserve by september 30, 2020. the lcm inventory valuation adjustment for the year ended december 31, 2020 reflects a net benefit of $19 million due solely to the foreign currency translation effect of the portion of the lcm inventory valuation adjustments attributable to our international operations.
(d)depreciation and amortization expense for the year ended december 31, 2020 includes $30 million in accelerated depreciation related to a change in the estimated useful life of one of our ethanol plants.
(e)"other income, net" for the year ended december 31, 2019 includes a $22 million charge from the early redemption of $850 million of our 6.125 percent senior notes due february 1, 2020.
(f)we use certain financial measures (as noted below) that are not defined under u.s. gaap and are considered to be non-gaap financial measures.
we have defined these non-gaap measures and believe they are useful to the external users of our financial statements, including industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. we believe these measures are useful to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures, they provide improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as alternatives to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures nor should they be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as reported under u.s. gaap. in addition, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define them differently, which diminishes their utility.
non-gaap financial measures are as follows:
◦refining margin is defined as refining operating income (loss) excluding the blender's tax credit not attributable to volumes blended during the applicable period, the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating income (loss)to refining margin refining operating income (loss)                                              $(1,342)                                                  $4,022
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (a))                                         222                                                       -
lcm inventory valuation adjustment (see note (c))                                 (19)                                                       -
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)             3,944                                                   4,289
other operating expenses                                                            34                                                      20
◦renewable diesel margin is defined as renewable diesel operating income excluding the blender's tax credit not attributable to volumes blended during the applicable period, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), and depreciation and amortization expense, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of renewable diesel operating incometo renewable diesel margin renewable diesel operating income                                                      $638                                                  $732
adjustments:
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)                     85                                                    75
◦ethanol margin is defined as ethanol operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), depreciation and amortization expense, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income (loss) to ethanol margin ethanol operating income (loss)                                              $(69)                                                    $3
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (a))                                       2                                                     -
operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense)           406                                                   504
other operating expenses                                                         1                                                     1
◦adjusted refining operating income (loss) is defined as refining segment operating income (loss) excluding the blender's tax credit not attributable to volumes blended during the applicable period, the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of refining operating income (loss)
to adjusted refining operating income refining operating income (loss)                         $(1,342)                                                     $4,022
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (a))               222                                                               -
lcm inventory valuation adjustment (see note (c))        (19)                                                              -
other operating expenses                                 34                                                               20
adjusted refining operating income (loss)                $(1,105)                                                     $4,040
◦adjusted renewable diesel operating income is defined as renewable diesel segment operating income excluding the blender's tax credit not attributable to volumes blended during the applicable period, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of renewable diesel operating incometo adjusted renewable diesel operating income renewable diesel operating income                                                                           $638                                                  $732
adjustments:
adjusted renewable diesel operating income                                                                  $638                                                  $576
◦adjusted ethanol operating income (loss) is defined as ethanol segment operating income (loss) excluding the lifo liquidation adjustment, the change in estimated useful life, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of ethanol operating income (loss)
to adjusted ethanol operating income (loss)
ethanol operating income (loss)                            $(69)                                                  $3
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (a))                     2                                                   -
change in estimated useful life (see note (d))                30                                                   -
other operating expenses                                       1                                                   1
adjusted ethanol operating income (loss)                   $(36)                                                  $4
◦adjusted operating income (loss) is defined as total company operating income (loss) excluding the blender's tax credit not attributable to volumes blended during the applicable period, the lifo liquidation adjustment, the lcm inventory valuation adjustment, the change in estimated useful life, and other operating expenses, as reflected in the table below.
reconciliation of total company operating income (loss)
to adjusted operating income (loss)
total company operating income (loss)                             $(1,579)                                                  $3,836
adjustments:
lifo liquidation adjustment (see note (a))                             224                                                       -
lcm inventory valuation adjustment (see note (c))                     (19)                                                       -
change in estimated useful life (see note (d))                          30                                                       -
other operating expenses                                                35                                                      21
adjusted operating income (loss)                                  $(1,309)                                                  $3,699
liquidity and capital resources overview during the first half of 2020, our liquidity was negatively impacted by the significant economic effects resulting from the covid-19 pandemic as described in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update." however, we took a number of actions to address the economic environment and its impact on our liquidity, most notably two public debt offerings totaling $4.0 billion before deducting the underwriting discounts and debt issuance costs, which are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements. we took other actions to address our liquidity and those actions are described in "overview and outlook-overview-business operations update" on pages 33 through 35 and in the discussion of matters impacting our liquidity and capital resources below. as a result of the actions taken during 2020, our liquidity position has improved as of december 31, 2020 compared to the end of the first quarter of 2020, which was when the pandemic began to have a negative impact on our business.
our liquidity our liquidity consisted of the following as of december 31, 2020 (in millions):
available borrowing capacity from committed facilities:
letter of credit facility                                                      50
total available borrowing capacity                                          5,890
(a)the amount for our canadian revolver is shown in u.s. dollars. as set forth in the summary of our credit facilities in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements, the availability under our canadian revolver as of december 31, 2020 in canadian dollars was c$145 million.
(b)excludes $161 million of cash and cash equivalents related to our variable interest entities (vies) that is available for use only by our vies.
information about our outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued, and availability under our credit facilities is reflected in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
we believe that cash provided by operations, along with cash from our public debt offerings in april and september of 2020 and available borrowings under our credit facilities, is sufficient to fund our ongoing operating requirements and other commitments. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional cash through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
cash flows components of our cash flows are set forth below (in millions):
operating activities                                             $948                          $5,531
effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash                   130                              68
during the year ended december 31, 2020, we used $948 million of cash generated by our operations and $4.6 billion in borrowings to make $2.4 billion of investments in our business, fund $2.5 billion of other financing activities, and increase our available cash on hand by $730 million. the borrowings are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $948 million of cash in 2020, which was negatively impacted by an unfavorable change in working capital of $345 million. the change in working capital was affected primarily by a $740 million use of cash11 resulting from the rapid decline in market prices of refined petroleum products and crude oil as a result of the negative economic effects of the covid-19 pandemic that impacted our receivables and accounts payable. this use of cash, along with other uses of cash, were partially offset by a $1.0 billion source of cash driven by a reduction in inventory levels on hand. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of our net loss.
our investing activities of $2.4 billion consisted of $2.5 billion in capital investments, as defined below, of which $548 million related to self-funded capital investments by dgd, and $251 million was related to capital expenditures of vies other than dgd.
other financing activities of $2.5 billion consisted primarily of $1.6 billion in dividend payments, $490 million of payments of debt and finance lease obligations, $208 million to pay distributions to noncontrolling interests, and $156 million for the purchase of common stock for treasury.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we used $5.5 billion of cash generated by our operations, $2.1 billion in borrowings, and $399 million of cash on hand to make $3.0 billion of investments in our business and fund $5.1 billion of other financing activities. the borrowings are described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
as previously noted, our operations generated $5.5 billion of cash in 2019, driven primarily by net income of $2.8 billion, noncash charges to income of $2.5 billion, and a positive change in working capital of $294 million. details regarding the components of the change in working capital, along with the reasons for the changes in those components, are described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, see "results of operations" for an analysis of our net income.
our investing activities of $3.0 billion consisted primarily of $2.9 billion in capital investments, as defined below, of which $160 million is related to self-funded capital investments by dgd, and $225 million was related to capital expenditures of vies other than dgd.
other financing activities of $5.1 billion consisted primarily of $1.8 billion of payments of debt and finance lease obligations, $1.5 billion in dividend payments, $950 million to acquire all of the outstanding publicly held common units of vlp, and $777 million for the purchase of common stock for treasury.
11 represents the net cash flow change in "receivables, net" of $3.3 billion and accounts payable of $4.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2020, as described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
capital investments our operations are highly capital intensive. each of our refineries and plants comprises a large base of property assets, consisting of a series of interconnected, highly integrated and interdependent crude oil and other feedstock processing facilities and supporting logistical infrastructure (units), and these units are improved continuously. the cost of improvements, which consist of the addition of new units and betterments of existing units, can be significant. we plan for these improvements by developing a multi-year capital program that is updated and revised based on changing internal and external factors.
we have historically acquired our refineries at amounts significantly below their replacement costs, whereas our improvements are made at full replacement value. as such, the costs for improving our refinery assets increase over time and are significant in relation to the amounts we paid to acquire our refineries. we make improvements to our refineries in order to maintain and enhance their operating reliability, to meet environmental obligations with respect to reducing emissions and removing prohibited elements from the products we produce, or to enhance their profitability. reliability and environmental improvements generally do not increase the throughput capacities of our refineries. improvements that enhance refinery profitability may increase throughput capacity, but many of these improvements allow our refineries to process different types of crude oil and to refine crude oil into products with higher market values. therefore, many of our improvements do not increase throughput capacity significantly.
our capital investments include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. capital investments attributable to valero, which is a non-gaap financial measure, reflects our net share of capital investments and is defined as all capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the portion of dgd's capital investments attributable to our joint venture partner and all of the capital expenditures of other vies.
we are a 50/50 joint venture partner in dgd and consolidate dgd's financial statements; as a result, all of dgd's net cash provided by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in our consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. dgd's partners use dgd's operating cash flow (excluding changes in its current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments rather than distribute all of that cash to themselves. because dgd's operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each partner, only 50 percent of dgd's capital investments should be attributed to our net share of capital investments. we also exclude the capital expenditures of our other consolidated vies because we do not operate those vies. we believe capital investments attributable to valero is an important measure because it more accurately reflects our capital investments.
capital investments attributable to valero should not be considered as an alternative to capital investments, its most comparable u.s. gaap measure, nor should it be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our cash flows as reported under u.s. gaap. in addition, this non-gaap measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define it differently, which may diminish its utility.
reconciliation of capital investmentsto capital investments attributable to valero capital expenditures (excluding vies)                                                        $1,014                          $1,627
capital expenditures of vies:
deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expendituresof dgd                                         25                              18
capital investments                                                                           2,490                           2,938
adjustments:
dgd's capital investments attributable to our jointventure partner                            (274)                            (80)
capital expenditures of other vies                                                            (251)                           (225)
capital investments attributable to valero                                                   $1,965                          $2,633
we expect to incur capital investments and capital investments attributable to valero in 2021 as follows by reportable segment (in millions):
capital investments                                                            2,385
adjustments:
dgd's capital investments attributable to our joint venture partner            (360)
capital expenditures of other vies                                              (25)
capital investments attributable to valero                                    $2,000
approximately 60 percent of the capital investments attributable to valero are for sustaining the business and 40 percent are for growth strategies, almost half of which is allocated to expanding the renewable diesel business. however, we continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. this capital investment estimate excludes strategic acquisitions, if any.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources stock purchase program on january 23, 2018, our board of directors authorized the 2018 program for the purchase of our outstanding common stock. as of december 31, 2020, we had $1.4 billion available for purchase under the 2018 program, which has no expiration date. we have not purchased any shares of our common stock under the 2018 program since mid-march 2020, and we will evaluate the timing of repurchases when appropriate. we have no obligation to make purchases under this program.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute $128 million to our pension plans and $22 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2021. see note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our employee benefit plans.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasolines and distillates. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. in addition, any major upgrades in any of our refineries or plants could require material additional expenditures to comply with environmental laws and regulations. see note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements for disclosure of our environmental liabilities.
tax matters under deferrals provided by recently passed legislation, such as the cares act in the u.s., and by various taxing authorities under other existing legislation, we deferred approximately $440 million of income and indirect (e.g., vat and motor fuel taxes) tax payments due in the first and second quarters of 2020. as of december 31, 2020, we had approximately $250 million of deferred tax payments. of the $250 million, approximately 70 percent will be paid in 2021 and 30 percent in 2022.
we take tax positions in our tax returns from time to time that may not be ultimately allowed by the relevant taxing authority. when we take such positions, we evaluate the likelihood of sustaining those positions and determine the amount of tax benefit arising from such positions, if any, that should be recognized in our financial statements. tax benefits not recognized by us are recorded as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which represents our potential future obligation to various taxing authorities if the tax positions are not sustained.
as of december 31, 2020, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, was $821 million. of this amount, $525 million is associated with refund claims associated with taxes paid on incentive payments received from the u.s. federal government for blending biofuels into refined petroleum products. we recorded a tax refund receivable of $525 million in connection with our refund claims, but we also recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $525 million due to the complexity of this matter and uncertainties with respect to sustaining these refund claims. therefore, our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity will not be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in sustaining these refund claims. the remaining liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding related interest and penalties, of $296 million represents our potential future obligations to various taxing authorities if the tax positions associated with that liability are not sustained.
details about our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, along with other information about our unrecognized tax benefits, are included in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
cash held by our international subsidiaries as of december 31, 2020, $2.5 billion of our cash and cash equivalents was held by our international subsidiaries. cash held by our international subsidiaries can be repatriated to us without any u.s. federal income tax consequences, but certain other taxes may apply, including, but not limited to, withholding taxes imposed by certain international jurisdictions and u.s. state income taxes. therefore, there is a cost to repatriate cash held by certain of our international subsidiaries to us, but we believe that such amount is not material to our financial position or liquidity.
concentration of customers our operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined petroleum product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions including the uncertainties concerning the covid-19 pandemic and volatility in the global oil markets. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable. see also item 1a, "risk factors"-risks related to our business, industry, and operations-developments with respect to low-carbon fuel policies and the market for alternative fuels may affect demand for our renewable fuels and could adversely affect our financial performance.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020 are summarized below (in millions).
operating lease liabilities (b)                    324                     231                     194                     155                     107      435                            1,446
(a)debt obligations exclude amounts related to unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. finance lease obligations include related interest expense. debt obligations due in 2021 include $598 million associated with borrowings under the ienova revolver (as defined and described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements) for the construction of terminals in mexico by central mexico terminals (as defined and described in note 13 of notes to consolidated financial statements). the ienova revolver is only available to the operations of central mexico terminals, and its creditors do not have recourse against us.
(b)operating lease liabilities include related interest expense.
(c)other long-term liabilities exclude amounts related to the long-term portion of operating lease liabilities that are separately presented above.
debt and finance lease obligations our debt and finance lease obligations are described in notes 10 and 6, respectively, of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements may increase. as of december 31, 2020, all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt, including debt guaranteed by us, are at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating agency                                rating moody's investors service                    baa2 (negative outlook)
standard &amp; poor's ratings services       bbb (negative outlook)
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
debt obligations - interest payments interest payments for our debt obligations as described in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements are the expected payments based on information available as of december 31, 2020.
operating lease liabilities our operating lease liabilities arise from leasing arrangements for the right to use various classes of underlying assets as described in note 6 of notes to consolidated financial statements. operating lease liabilities are recognized for leasing arrangements with terms greater than one year and are not reduced by minimum lease payments to be received by us under subleases.
purchase obligations a purchase obligation is an enforceable and legally binding agreement to purchase goods or services that specifies significant terms, including (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, (ii) fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions, and (iii) the approximate timing of the transaction. we have various purchase obligations under certain crude oil and other feedstock supply arrangements, industrial gas supply arrangements (such as hydrogen supply arrangements), natural gas supply arrangements, and various throughput, transportation and terminaling agreements. we enter into these contracts to ensure an adequate supply of feedstock and utilities and adequate storage capacity to operate our refineries and plants. substantially all of our purchase obligations are based on market prices or adjustments based on market indices. certain of these purchase obligations include fixed or minimum volume requirements, while others are based on our usage requirements. the purchase obligation amounts shown in the preceding table include both short- and long-term obligations and are based on (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (ii) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions.
other long-term liabilities our other long-term liabilities are described in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements. for purposes of reflecting amounts for other long-term liabilities in the preceding table, we made our best estimate of expected payments for each type of liability based on information available as of december 31, 2020.
new accounting pronouncements as discussed in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements became effective in 2020 and january 2021. the effect on our financial statements upon adoption of these pronouncements is discussed in the above-referenced note.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable. unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions used in determining our estimates is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
unrecognized tax benefits we take tax positions in our tax returns from time to time that may not be ultimately allowed by the relevant taxing authority. when we take such positions, we evaluate the likelihood of sustaining those positions and determine the amount of tax benefit arising from such positions, if any, that should be recognized in our financial statements. tax benefits not recognized by us are recorded as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which represents our potential future obligation to various taxing authorities if the tax positions are not sustained.
the evaluation of tax positions and the determination of the benefit arising from such positions that are recognized in our financial statements requires us to make significant judgments and estimates based on an analysis of complex tax laws and regulations and related interpretations. these judgments and estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the progress of ongoing tax audits, case law, and changes in legislation.
details of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, along with other information about our unrecognized tax benefits, are included in note 16 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill long-lived assets (primarily property, plant, and equipment) are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. a long-lived asset is not recoverable if its carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. if a long-lived asset is not recoverable, an impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value, with fair value determined based on discounted estimated net cash flows or other appropriate methods.
in order to test for recoverability, we must make estimates of projected cash flows related to the asset being evaluated; such estimates include, but are not limited to, assumptions about future sales volumes, commodity prices, operating costs, margins, the use or disposition of the asset, the asset's estimated remaining useful life, and future expenditures necessary to maintain the asset's existing service potential. due to the significant subjectivity of the assumptions used to test for recoverability, changes in market conditions could result in significant impairment charges in the future, thus affecting our earnings.
goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the asset might be impaired. we first evaluate qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill, by taking into consideration relevant events and circumstances. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, no further testing is necessary. however, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the reporting unit, including goodwill, exceeds its fair value.
during 2020, we performed qualitative assessments of the reporting unit to which our goodwill is related to determine if the quantitative impairment test was necessary. we considered company-specific information, such as current and future financial performance, as well as external factors, that could affect the fair value of the reporting unit. we evaluated (i) the impact that the covid-19 pandemic had on the demand for our products and utilization of our u.s. refineries, (ii) the expected contribution from the reporting unit, which historically has had strong performance, and (iii) the estimated margin between the carrying amount and the implied enterprise value of our reporting unit. due to the significant subjectivity of the assumptions used to test for impairment, changes in market conditions could result in significant impairment charges in the future, thus affecting our earnings.
as of december 31, 2020, we determined there was no impairment of our long-lived assets or goodwill as discussed in note 2 of notes to consolidated financial statements.