item 1a.       risk factors risks related to our business and operations we are dependent upon key customers.
we rely on several key customers who represent a significant portion of our business. while we believe our relationships with our customers are generally good, our top customers could choose to reduce or terminate their relationships with us. in addition, many of our customers place orders for products on an as-needed basis and operate in cyclical industries. as a result, customer order levels have varied from period to period in the past and may vary significantly in the future. such customer orders are dependent upon their markets and customers and may be subject to delays and cancellations. furthermore, the average service life of certain products in our end markets has increased in recent years due to innovations in technologies and manufacturing processes, which has also allowed end users to replace parts less often. as a result of our dependence on our key customers, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition if we lost any one or more of our key customers or if there is a reduction in their demand for our products.
our business operates in a highly competitive industry.
we operate in a global, competitive marketplace and face substantial competition from a limited number of established competitors, some of which may have greater financial resources than we do, may have a more extensive low-cost sourcing strategy and presence in low-cost regions than we do or may receive significant governmental support. price competition is strong and, coupled with the existence of a number of cost conscious customers with significant negotiating power, has historically limited our ability to increase prices. in addition to price, competition is based on product performance and technological leadership, quality, reliability of delivery and customer service and support. if our competitors invest heavily in innovation and develop products that are more efficient or effective than our products, we may not be able to compete effectively. there can be no assurance that competition in one or more of our markets will not adversely affect us and our results of operations.
a failure to predict and react to customer demand could adversely affect our business.
if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our existing products or to react appropriately to changes in demand, we may experience delayed product shipments and customer dissatisfaction. if demand increases significantly from current levels, both we and our suppliers may have difficulty meeting such demand, particularly if such demand increases occur rapidly. alternatively, we may carry excess inventory if demand for our products decreases below projected levels.
additionally, we have dedicated significant resources to the development, manufacturing and marketing of new products. decisions to develop and market new transportation products are typically made without firm indications of customer acceptance. moreover, by their nature, new products may require alteration of existing business methods or threaten to displace existing equipment in which our customers may have a substantial capital investment. there can be no assurance that any new products that we develop will gain widespread acceptance in the marketplace or that such products will be able to compete successfully with other new products or services that may be introduced by competitors. furthermore, we may incur additional warranty or other costs as new products are tested and used by customers.
failure to accurately predict and react to customer demand could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may fail to respond adequately or in a timely manner to innovative changes in new technology.
in recent years, the global transportation landscape has been characterized by rapid changes in technology, leading to innovative transportation and logistics concepts that could change the way the railway industry does business. there may be additional innovations impacting the railway industry that we cannot yet foresee. any failure by us to quickly adapt to and adopt new innovations in products and processes desired by our customers may result in a significant loss of demand for our product and service offerings. in addition, advances in technology may require us to increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments.
our revenues are subject to cyclical variations in the railway and passenger transit markets and changes in government spending.
the railway industry historically has been subject to significant fluctuations due to overall economic conditions, the use of alternate methods of transportation and the levels of government spending on railway projects. in economic downturns, railroads have deferred, and may defer, certain expenditures in order to conserve cash in the short term. reductions in freight traffic may reduce demand for our replacement products.
the passenger transit railroad industry is also cyclical and is influenced by a variety of factors. new passenger transit car orders vary from year to year and are influenced by a variety of factors, including major replacement programs, the construction or expansion of transit systems by transit authorities and the quality and cost of alternative modes of transportation. to the extent that future funding for proposed public projects is curtailed or withdrawn altogether as a result of changes in political, economic, fiscal or other conditions beyond our control, such projects may be delayed or canceled, resulting in a potential loss of business for us, including transit aftermarket and new transit car orders. there can be no assurance that economic conditions will be favorable or that there will not be significant fluctuations adversely affecting the industry as a whole and, as a result, us.
our backlog is not necessarily indicative of the level of our future revenues.
our backlog represents future production and estimated potential revenue attributable to firm contracts with, or written orders from, our customers for delivery in various periods.  instability in the global economy, negative conditions in the global credit markets, volatility in the industries that our products serve, changes in legislative policy, adverse changes in the financial condition of our customers, adverse changes in the availability of raw materials and supplies, or un-remedied contract breaches could possibly lead to contract termination or cancellations of orders in our backlog or request for deferred deliveries of our backlog orders, each of which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
equipment failures, interruptions, delays in deliveries or extensive damage to our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, could adversely affect our business.
all of our facilities, equipment, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to the risk of catastrophic loss due to unanticipated events, such as disease outbreak, fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or weather conditions. an interruption in our manufacturing capabilities, supply chains, distribution systems or information technology systems, whether as a result of such catastrophic loss or any other reason, could reduce, prevent or delay our production and shipment of our product offerings, result in defective products or services, damage customer relationships and our reputation and result in legal exposure and large repair or replacement expenses. this could result in the delay or termination of orders, the loss of future sales and a negative impact to our reputation with our customers.
third-party insurance coverage that we maintain with respect to such matters will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on cost, availability and our decisions regarding risk retention, and may be unavailable or insufficient to protect us against losses. any of these risks coming to fruition could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our ability to make, move, and sell our products is critical to our success. damage or disruption to our supply chain, including third-party manufacturing or transportation and distribution capabilities, could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of disruptions, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location, could adversely affect our business or financial results. due to the on-going impacts and uncertainty of continued impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and the global government actions to contain it, some of our supply chains, particularly in china, india and europe, have been, and continue to be, impacted. there can be no assurance that there will not be further, or deeper, supply chain disruptions, or that the steps we are taking to mitigate such disruptions will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
in addition, disputes with significant suppliers, including disputes regarding pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations.
we intend to pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that involve a number of inherent risks, any of which may cause us not to realize anticipated benefits.
one aspect of our business strategy is to selectively pursue acquisitions, joint ventures and alliances that we believe will improve our market position and provide opportunities to realize operating synergies. these transactions involve inherent risks and uncertainties, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition including:
•difficulties in achieving identified financial and operating synergies, including the integration of operations, services and products;
•diversion of management's attention from other business concerns;
•the assumption of unknown liabilities; and
•unanticipated changes in the market conditions, business and economic factors affecting such an acquisition, joint venture or alliance.
we cannot assure that we will be able to consummate any future acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations. if we are unable to identify or consummate suitable acquisitions, joint ventures or alliances, we may be unable to fully implement our business strategy, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected as a result. in addition, our ability to engage in such strategic transactions will be dependent on our ability to raise substantial capital, and we may not be able to raise the funds necessary to implement this strategy on terms satisfactory to us, if at all.
the integration of our recently completed acquisitions may not result in anticipated improvements in market position or the realization of anticipated operating synergies or may take longer to realize than expected.
although we believe that our recent acquisitions will improve our market position and realize positive operating results, including operating synergies, operating expense reductions and overhead cost savings, we cannot be assured that these improvements will be obtained or the timing of such improvements. the management and acquisition of businesses involves substantial risks, any of which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including:
•the uncertainty that an acquired business will achieve anticipated operating results;
•diversion of management's attention from business operations to integration matters;
•departure of key personnel from the acquired business;
•effectively managing entrepreneurial spirit and decision-making;
•integration of different information systems;
•unanticipated costs and exposure to unforeseen liabilities; and
•impairment of assets.
the effects of covid-19 and other potential future public health crises, epidemics, pandemics or similar events on our business, operating results and cash flows are uncertain.
we face a wide variety of risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, including the global outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 ("covid-19"). since first reported in late 2019, the covid-19 pandemic has dramatically impacted the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed cases, business slowdowns or shutdowns, government challenges and market volatility of an unprecedented nature. although we have, to date, managed to continue most of our operations, we cannot predict the future course of events nor can we assure that this global pandemic, including its economic impact, will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance remains uncertain and will depend on future pandemic related developments, including the duration of the pandemic, any potential subsequent waves of covid-19 and new strains of the virus, the effectiveness, distribution and acceptance of covid-19 vaccines, and related government actions to prevent and manage disease spread, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. our operations may be further impacted by the covid-19 pandemic if significant portions of our workforce are unable to work effectively, including because of illness, quarantines, travel restrictions or absenteeism; steps the company has taken to protect health and well-being; government actions; facility closures; work slowdowns or stoppages; inadequate supplies or resources (such as reliable personal protective equipment, testing and vaccines); or other circumstances related to covid-19. governments around the world have taken steps to mitigate some of the more severe anticipated economic effects, but there can be no assurance that such steps will be effective or achieve their desired results in a timely fashion.
the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in operational and supply chain disruptions for us and our customers and may further adversely affect operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers. accordingly, covid-19 had a materially adverse impact on our operations and business results for the year ended december 31, 2020, and we expect covid-19 to continue to have a materially adverse impact on our operations and business results into 2021. the spread of covid-19 has caused us to modify our business practices and to implement significant proactive measures to protect the health and safety of employees, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as we determine are appropriate under the circumstances. there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the continued risks posed by the pandemic.
the covid-19 pandemic and related volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could affect our business and operations in a variety of ways. for example, we have experienced and could experience further operational disruptions and financial losses as a result of the following:
•a decrease in demand for our products as a result of covid-19 and cost control measures implemented by our customers;
•delays in orders or delivery of orders, the occurrence of which negatively impacts our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash;
•inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity, including customer bankruptcies;
•a shutdown of one or multiple of our manufacturing facilities due to government restrictions or illness in connection with covid-19.
the continued spread of covid-19 has also led to disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, which depending on future developments may make it more costly or difficult for us to obtain debt or equity financing, including to refinance our existing debt, or to identify or execute on investment opportunities, in each case on terms and within time periods acceptable to us. we are also monitoring the impacts of covid-19 on the fair value of our assets. while we do not currently anticipate any material impairments on our assets as a result of covid-19, future changes in expectations for sales, earnings and cash flows related to intangible assets and goodwill below our current projections could cause these assets to be impaired.
we continue to work with our stakeholders (including customers, employees, suppliers and local communities) in an effort to address responsibly this global pandemic. we continue to monitor the situation, to assess further possible implications to our employees, business, supply chain and customers, and to take certain actions in an effort to mitigate various adverse consequences.
we expect that the longer the covid-19 pandemic, including its economic disruption, continues, the greater the adverse impact on our business operations, financial performance and results of operations could be. given the tremendous uncertainties and variables, we cannot at this time predict the impact of the global covid-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic, but any one could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
risks related to international operations a growing portion of our sales may be derived from our international operations, which exposes us to certain risks inherent in doing business on an international level.
for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, approximately 58% of our consolidated net sales were to customers outside of the united states. we intend to continue to expand our international operations, including in emerging markets, in the future. our global headquarters for the transit group is located in france, and we conduct other international operations through a variety of wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures, including in australia, austria, brazil, canada, china, czech republic, france, germany, india, italy, macedonia, mexico, the netherlands, poland, russia, spain, south africa, turkey, and the united kingdom. as a result, we are subject to various risks, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on those operations and on our business as a whole, including:
•lack of complete operating control;
•lack of local business experience;
•currency exchange fluctuations and devaluations;
•restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds or limitations on our ability to repatriate income or capital;
•the complexities of operating within multiple tax jurisdictions;
•foreign trade restrictions and exchange controls;
•adverse impacts of international trade policies, such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs;
•the challenges of complying with complex and changing laws, regulations, and policies of foreign governments;
•the potential for nationalization of enterprises;
•economic, political and social instability;
our exposure to the risks associated with international operations may intensify if our international operations expand in the future.
we may incur increased costs due to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates in the ordinary course of business, we are exposed to increases in interest rates that may adversely affect funding costs associated with variable-rate debt and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs may be denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn and report revenues and vice versa. in addition, a decrease in the value of any of these currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could reduce our profits from non-u.s. operations and the translated value of the net assets of our non-u.s. operations when reported in u.s. dollars in our consolidated financial statements. we may seek to minimize these risks through the use of interest rate swap contracts and currency hedging agreements. there can be no assurance that any of these measures will be effective. material changes in interest or exchange rates could result in material losses to us.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, and are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties in such markets.
we have substantial operations located in emerging markets, such as brazil, india, kazakhstan, the russian federation and ukraine. operations in such emerging markets are inherently risky due to a number of regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties. these risks include economies that may be dependent on only a few products and are therefore subject to significant fluctuations, weak legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights, possible exchange controls, unstable governments, nationalization or privatization actions or other government actions affecting the flow of goods and currency.
significant changes in economic and regulatory policy in emerging countries as well as social or political uncertainties could significantly harm business and economic conditions in these markets generally and could disproportionately impact the rail industry, which could adversely affect our business and prospects in these markets.
in addition, physical and financial infrastructure may be less developed in some emerging countries than that of many developed nations. any disruptions with respect to banking and financial infrastructure, communication systems or any public facility, including transportation infrastructure, could disrupt our normal business activity. such disruptions could interrupt our business operations and significantly harm our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks related to macro-economic conditions and policies prolonged unfavorable economic and market conditions could adversely affect our business.
unfavorable general economic and market conditions in the united states and internationally, particularly in our key end markets, could have a negative impact on our sales and operations. to the extent that these factors result in continued instability of capital markets, shortages of raw materials or component parts, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders or an inability to market our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we purchase energy, steel, aluminum, copper, rubber and rubber-based materials, chemicals, polymers and other key manufacturing inputs from outside sources, and traditionally have not had long-term pricing contracts with our pure raw material suppliers. the costs of these raw materials have been volatile historically and are influenced by factors that are outside our control. if we are unable to pass increases in the costs of our raw materials on to our customers, experience a lag in our ability to pass increases to our customers, or operational efficiencies are not achieved, our operating margins and results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
our businesses compete globally for key production inputs. in addition, we rely upon third-party suppliers, including certain single-sourced suppliers, for various components for our products. in the event of a shortage or discontinuation of certain raw materials or key inputs, we may experience challenges sourcing certain of our components to meet our production requirements and may not be able to arrange for alternative sources of certain raw materials or key inputs. any such shortage may materially adversely affect our competitive position versus companies that are able to better or more cheaply source such raw materials or key inputs.
changes to international trade policies, including tariffs and foreign trade restrictions, could adversely affect our business.
as a global transportation company, we generate export sales from our u.s. operations and also derive international sales through our foreign subsidiaries, licensees and joint ventures. we also do business with industry suppliers located in various international markets. a protectionist trade environment in either the united states or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may adversely affect our business. in particular, such policies may impact or delay our customers' investments in our products, reduce the competitiveness of our products in certain markets, and inhibit our ability to cost-effectively purchase necessary inputs from certain suppliers. in addition, to the extent developments in international trade relations result in reduced global trade or slower growth in global trade, it is likely that this would result in reductions in investment in freight and transit rail.
international trade policies are affected by a diverse array of factors, including global and national economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. although we actively monitor developments in international trade and proactively engage in efforts to mitigate the effect of trade policies, there can be no guarantee that these efforts will be successful.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, in various jurisdictions.
we are subject to various laws, rules and regulations administered by authorities in jurisdictions in which we do business, such as the anti-corruption laws of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the french law n° 2016-1691 (sapin ii) and the u.k. bribery act, relating to our business and our employees. we are also subject to other laws and regulations governing our international operations, including regulations administered by the u.s. department of commerce's bureau of industry and security, the u.s. department of treasury's office of foreign assets control, and various non-u.s. government entities, including applicable export control regulations, economic sanctions on countries and persons, customs requirements, currency exchange regulations, and transfer pricing regulations. despite our policies, procedures and compliance programs, our internal controls and compliance systems may not be able to protect us from prohibited acts willfully committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate such applicable laws and regulations. any such improper acts could damage our reputation, subject us to civil or criminal judgments, fines or penalties, and could otherwise disrupt our business, and as a result, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, our manufacturing operations are subject to safety, operations, maintenance and mechanical standards, rules and regulations enforced by various federal and state agencies and industry organizations both domestically and internationally. our business may be adversely impacted by new rules and regulations or changes to existing rules or regulations, which could require additional maintenance or substantial modification or refurbishment of certain of our products or could make such products obsolete or require them to be phased out prior to their useful lives. we are unable to predict what impact these or other regulatory changes may have, if any, on our business or the industry as a whole. we cannot assure that costs incurred to comply with any new standards or regulations will not be material to our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to a variety of increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations governing discharges to air and water, substances in products, the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous or solid waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with releases of hazardous substances. we have incurred, and will continue to incur, both operating and capital costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including costs associated with the clean-up and investigation of some of our current and former properties and offsite disposal locations. we believe our operations currently comply in all material respects with all of the various environmental laws and regulations applicable to our business; however, there can be no assurance that environmental requirements will not change in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to comply with such requirements. failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could have significant consequences on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations, injunctive relief (including requirements that we limit or cease operations at affected facilities), and reputational risk.
in addition, certain of our products are subject to extensive, and increasingly stringent, statutory and regulatory requirements governing, e.g., emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the u.s. environmental protection agency, the european union and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures relating to compliance with these standards. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of these standards-particularly in emerging markets-are unpredictable and subject to change.
future climate change regulation could result in increased operating costs, affect the demand for our products or affect the ability of our critical suppliers to meet our needs.
the potential challenges posed by evolving climate change policy and prospective legislation are heavily dependent on the nature and degree of climate change legislation and the extent to which it applies to our industry. while we are carefully monitoring developments and reviewing the challenges associated with alternative proposals, at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate impact of climate change and climate change legislation on our operations. further, when or if these impacts may occur cannot be assessed until legislative policy is more developed and specific legislative proposals begin to take shape. any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gas could require us to incur increased operating costs and could have an adverse effect on demand for our products. in addition, the price and availability of certain of the raw materials that we use could vary in the future as a result of environmental laws and regulations affecting our suppliers. an increase in the price of our raw materials or a decline in their availability could adversely affect our operating margins or result in reduced demand for our products.
the occurrence of litigation in which we are, or could be, named as a defendant is unpredictable.
from time to time, we are subject, directly or through our subsidiaries, to litigation or other commercial disputes and other legal and regulatory proceedings with respect to our business, customers, suppliers, creditors, stockholders, product liability (including, asbestos claims), intellectual property infringement, competition and antitrust claims, warranty claims or environmental-related matters.
due to the inherent uncertainties of any litigation, commercial disputes or other legal or regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict their ultimate outcome, including the outcome of any related appeals. we may incur significant expense to defend or otherwise address current or future claims. although we maintain insurance policies for certain risks, we cannot make assurances that this insurance will be adequate to protect us from all material judgments and expenses related to potential future claims or that these levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or at all. in addition, although in some cases we may be indemnified by non-affiliated entities that retain liabilities in connection with specific matters, there can be no assurance that these indemnitors will remain financially viable and capable of satisfying their obligations.
any litigation, even a claim without merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we warrant the workmanship and materials of many of our products. accordingly, we are subject to a risk of product liability or warranty claims in the event that the failure of any of our products results in personal injury or death or does not conform to our customers' specifications. in addition, in recent years, we have introduced a number of new products for which we do not have a history of warranty experience. although we currently maintain liability insurance coverage, we cannot assure that product liability claims, if made, would not exceed our insurance coverage limits or that insurance will continue to be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. the possibility exists for these types of warranty claims to result in costly product recalls, significant repair costs and damage to our reputation.
risks related to data security and intellectual property if we are not able to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, we may be adversely affected.
our success can be impacted by our ability to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. we rely primarily on patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and unfair competition laws, as well as license agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. however, filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our products in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive. moreover, existing u.s. legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights offer only limited protection, may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. the laws of countries other than the united states may be even less protective of intellectual property rights. as a result, a significant portion of our technology is not patented, and we may be unable or may not seek to obtain patent protection for this technology. further, although we routinely conduct anti-counterfeiting activities in multiple jurisdictions, we have encountered counterfeit reproductions of our products or products that otherwise infringe on our intellectual property rights. counterfeit components of low quality may negatively impact our brand value. accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, counterfeiting or misappropriating our intellectual property or otherwise gaining access to our technology. if we fail to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
in addition, we operate in industries in which there are many third-party owners of intellectual property rights. owners of intellectual property that we need to conduct our business as it evolves may be unwilling to license such intellectual property rights to us on terms we consider reasonable. third party intellectual property owners may assert infringement claims against us based on their intellectual property portfolios. if we are sued for intellectual property infringement, we may incur significant expenses investigating and defending such claims, even if we prevail.
we face cybersecurity and data protection risks relating to cyber attacks and information technology failures that could cause loss of confidential information and other business disruptions.
we rely extensively on information technology in our business. we also collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential customer information, including proprietary business information, personal data and other information that may be subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and/or customer-imposed data protection controls. we also provide technological products integral to train operation. accordingly, our business may be adversely impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure, which could result from individual or highly-coordinated cyber attacks, including but not limited to data theft, system breaches, malfeasance or improper use or unauthorized access to it systems. our business may also be adversely impacted by unintentional technology disruptions, including those resulting from programming errors, employee operational errors and software defects.
risks related to human capital labor shortages and labor disputes may have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability.
we depend on skilled labor in our manufacturing and other businesses. due to the competitive nature of the labor markets in which we operate, we may not be able to retain, recruit and train the personnel we require, particularly when the economy expands, production rates are high or competition for such skilled labor increases.
we collectively bargain with labor unions at some of our operations throughout the world. failure to reach an agreement could result in strikes or other labor protests which could disrupt our operations. furthermore, non-union employees in certain countries have the right to strike. if we were to experience a strike or work stoppage, it would be difficult for us to find a sufficient number of employees with the necessary skills to replace these employees. we cannot assure that we will reach any such agreement or that we will not encounter strikes or other types of conflicts with the labor unions of our personnel.
any such labor shortages or labor disputes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, could cause us to lose revenues and customers and might have permanent effects on our business.
we rely on our management team and other key personnel.
we depend on the skills, working relationships, and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team, and other key employees. in addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified individuals. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, train, and retain other talented personnel. any such loss or failure could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. if we lose key personnel, because they terminate their employment or retire, or as a result of illness, disability or death, or if an insufficient number of employees is retained to maintain effective operations, our business activities may be adversely affected and our management team's attention may be diverted. in addition, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key personnel that we lose, or we may not be able to hire potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.
risks related to our indebtedness our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health.
at december 31, 2020, we had total debt of $4.2 billion, including $3.5 billion related to senior notes and $0.7 billion related to term loans and amounts drawn under our revolving loan facility, in each case, under the senior credit facility. being indebted could have important consequences to us. for example, our indebtedness could:
•increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate;
•place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and
the indentures for our outstanding senior notes and our credit agreement contain various covenants that limit our management's discretion in the operation of our businesses.
our credit agreement subjects us to customary (i) affirmative covenants, including requirements with respect to certain reporting obligations on us and our subsidiaries, and (ii) negative covenants, including limitations on: indebtedness; liens; restricted payments; fundamental changes (including certain changes in control); business activities; transactions with affiliates; restrictive agreements; changes in fiscal year; and use of proceeds. in addition, we are required to maintain (i) a ratio of ebitda to interest expense of at least 3.00 to 1.00 over each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on the last day of a fiscal quarter and (ii) a leverage ratio, calculated as of the last day of a fiscal quarter for a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, of 3.25 to 1.00 or less; provided that, in connection with the acquisition of ge transportation and in the event of any further material acquisition in which the cash consideration to be paid exceeds $500.0 million, the maximum leverage ratio permitted adjusts to (x) 3.75 to 1.00 at the end of the fiscal quarter in which such acquisition is consummated and each of the three fiscal quarters immediately following such fiscal quarter and (y) 3.50 to 1.00 at the end of each of the fourth and fifth full fiscal quarters after the consummation of such acquisition.
the indentures under which our senior notes were issued contain covenants and restrictions which limit, subject to certain exceptions, certain sale and leaseback transactions with respect to principal properties, the incurrence of secured debt without equally and ratably securing the senior notes and certain merger and consolidation transactions. in addition, the indentures require that we offer to repurchase our outstanding senior notes upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview wabtec is one of the world's largest providers of locomotives, value-added, technology-based equipment, systems and services for the global freight rail and passenger transit industries. our highly engineered products, which are intended to enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, can be found on most locomotives, freight cars, passenger transit cars and buses around the world. our products enhance safety, improve productivity and reduce maintenance costs for customers, and many of our core products and services are essential in the safe and efficient operation of freight rail and passenger transit vehicles. wabtec is a global company with operations in over 50 countries and our products can be found in more than 100 countries throughout the world. in 2020, approximately 58% of the company's net sales came from customers outside the u.s.
covid-19 update on march 11, 2020, the world health organization designated the outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus, known as covid-19, as a global pandemic. governments and businesses around the world have taken unprecedented actions to mitigate the spread of covid-19, including but not limited to, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines, significant restrictions on travel, as well as restrictions that prohibit many employees from going to work. our top concern is, and remains, the health and well-being of our employees around the world. to date, covid-19 has surfaced in nearly all regions around the world and has impacted our sales channels, supply chain, manufacturing operations, workforce, and other key aspects of our operations. the outbreak and preventive measures taken to help curb the spread, including temporary plant closures in china, india, italy and other countries where outbreaks and stay-at-home orders were most prevalent had an adverse impact on our operations and business results for the year ended december 31, 2020.
we continue to monitor the situation and guidance from international and domestic authorities, including federal, state, and local public health authorities and may take additional actions based on their recommendations; however, there are numerous uncertainties, including the duration and severity of the pandemic, availability and effectiveness of vaccines, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities and private industry, including preventing or curtailing the operations of our plants, the potential impact on global economic activity, global supply chain operations, our employees, our customers, supplier and end-markets, and other consequences that could negatively impact our business. we also face the possibility that government policies may become more restrictive especially if covid-19 transmission rates increase in certain areas. as a result of these numerous uncertainties, we are unable to specifically predict the extent and length of time the covid-19 pandemic will negatively impact our business. covid-19 had a materially adverse impact on our operations and business results for the year-ended december 31, 2020 which is discussed in the results of operations section below and we expect covid-19 to continue to have a materially adverse impact on our operations and business results into 2021. the future adverse impact may include reduced demand for our products, reduced cash from operations and a volatile effective tax rate driven by changes in earnings mix across the company's different jurisdictions. we continue to work with our employees, customers, and suppliers to navigate the impacts of covid-19. we also continue to assess possible implications to our business, customers, supply chain and end-markets and to take actions in an effort to mitigate adverse consequences.
management review and future outlook wabtec's long-term financial goals are to drive strong cash flow conversion, maintain a strong credit profile while minimizing our overall cost of capital, increase margins through strict attention to cost controls, drive improved efficiencies across the business, and increase revenues through a focused growth strategy, including product innovation and new technologies, global and market expansion, aftermarket products and services, and acquisitions. in addition, management evaluates the company's current operational performance through measures such as quality and on-time delivery.
the company primarily serves the worldwide freight and transit rail industries. as such, our operating results are largely dependent on the level of activity, financial condition and capital spending plans of railroads and passenger transit agencies around the world, and transportation equipment manufacturers who serve those markets. many factors influence these industries, including general economic conditions; traffic volumes, as measured by freight carloads and passenger ridership; government spending on public transportation; and investment in new technologies. in general, trends such as increasing urbanization, a focus on sustainability and environmental awareness, an aging equipment fleet, and growth in global trade are expected to drive continued investment in freight and transit rail.
the company monitors a variety of factors and statistics to gauge market activity. freight rail markets around the world are driven primarily by overall economic conditions and activity, while transit markets are driven primarily by government funding and passenger ridership. changes in these market drivers can cause fluctuations in demand for wabtec's products and services.
in 2021 and beyond, general global economic and market conditions will have an impact on our sales and operations. the covid-19 pandemic has increased the uncertainty around global economic and market conditions. to the extent that these factors cause instability of capital markets, shortages of raw materials or component parts, longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of customer orders or an inability to market our products effectively, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in addition, we face risks associated with our growth strategy including the level of investment that customers are willing to make in new technologies developed by the industry and the company, and risks inherent in global expansion. when necessary, we will modify our financial and operating strategies to address changes in market conditions and risks.
acquisition of ge transportation wabtec acquired ge transportation, a former business unit of ge, on february 25, 2019. for additional information related to this acquisition refer to note 3 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report.
results of operations consolidated results
the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated.
sales of goods                                                                $6,233.3                              $6,907.9
sales of services                                                              1,322.8                               1,292.1
cost of sales:
cost of goods                                                                (4,629.4)                             (5,128.4)
cost of services                                                               (789.6)                               (793.6)
total cost of sales                                                          (5,419.0)                             (5,922.0)
gross profit                                                                   2,137.1                               2,278.0
operating expenses:
engineering expenses                                                           (162.1)                               (209.9)
total operating expenses                                                     (1,392.6)                             (1,614.9)
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales in 2020 from 2019:
foreign exchange                           (69.1)                             19.1                            (50.0)
results of operations were negatively impacted during the year ended december 31, 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. management's discussion below includes analysis as to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic where it could be explicitly identified; however, in many instances it is difficult to quantify with a high level of certainty the negative impact the covid-19 pandemic had on our results of operations.
the following discussion compares our results for the year ended december 31, 2020, to the year ended december 31, 2019. the discussion comparing our results for the year ended december 31, 2019 to the year ended december 31, 2018 is included within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2019, filed with the sec on february 24, 2020.
net sales net sales decreased by $644 million, or 7.9%, to $7,556 million. the decrease is primarily attributable to an organic decrease of $833 million in the freight segment, due to lower locomotive equipment sales, lower sales in components from a reduction of freight carbuilds in 2020 compared to 2019, a decrease in services sales due to lower freight rail volumes and an increase in parking of locomotives, particularly in north america. the lower freight rail volumes and increased parking of locomotives is partially due to the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy. the transit segment experienced an organic decrease in sales of $307 million, primarily due to covid-19 related production delays and reduced passenger traffic. the decrease is partially offset by sales from acquisitions of $546 million, mainly, the acquisition of ge transportation. unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced net sales by $50 million.
cost of sales cost of sales decreased by $503 million to $5,419 million in 2020 compared to $5,922 million in 2019. the decrease is primarily due to the sales decreases discussed above. cost of sales in 2020 includes $44 million of restructuring costs, primarily for footprint rationalization and related headcount reductions as part of the ongoing integration actions related to the ge transportation acquisition and in response to the covid-19 pandemic. cost of sales in 2019 included a $185 million charge related to purchase price accounting for the step-up of ge transportation inventory and $38 million of restructuring costs, primarily for footprint rationalization and related headcount actions. excluding these charges in both years, cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 71.1% in 2020 and 69.5% in 2019, representing a 1.6% increase. the increase can be attributed to an unfavorable sales mix, lower absorption of overhead costs due to the decrease in sales volumes, increased parking of locomotives, and lower rail passenger traffic. this was partially offset by increased synergy savings related to the ge transportation acquisition and actions taken to reduce costs in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
operating expenses total operating expenses decreased $222 million to 18.4% of net sales in 2020 compared to 19.7% in 2019. restructuring and transaction costs, primarily for headcount actions and costs related to acquisition of ge transportation, included in sg&a were $71 million and $192 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. additionally, sg&a expenses decreased $155 million related to the acquisition synergy savings, reduced employee benefit costs, cost reduction initiatives and lower sales volumes, partially offset by $57 million of incremental expense from acquisitions. engineering expense decreased $48 million due to cost control measures on research and development projects partially offset by incremental expense from acquisitions. amortization expense increased $44 million, due to the acquisition of ge transportation.
other income (expense), net other expense, net, was $12 million of income in 2020 compared to $3 million of income in the same period of 2019. the variance is primarily driven by lower foreign exchange losses in the current year and an increase in income from equity method investments.
income taxes the effective income tax rate was 26.0% and 26.9% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2020 is primarily the result of non-deductible transaction related expenses incurred during 2019 as a result of the ge transportation acquisition that did not recur in 2020 and a decrease in the estimated liabilities resulting from provisions of the tax cuts and jobs act that were recognized in 2019.
freight segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our freight segment:
sales of goods                                  $3,790.1                              $4,186.5
sales of services                                1,292.2                               1,254.9
cost of sales:
cost of goods                                  (2,829.5)                             (3,096.5)
cost of services                                 (764.8)                               (763.5)
total cost of sales                            (3,594.3)                             (3,860.0)
gross profit                                     1,488.0                               1,581.4
operating expenses                               (904.1)                               (938.5)
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the freight segment in 2020 from 2019:
changes in sales by product line equipment                                              (333.9)
digital electronics                                     (51.8)
services                                               (189.0)
foreign exchange                                        (69.1)
net sales freight segment sales decreased by $359 million, or 6.6%, to $5,082 million, primarily due to an organic decrease of $833 million due to lower locomotive equipment sales, lower sales in components from a reduction of freight carbuilds in 2020 compared to 2019, and a decrease in services sales due to lower freight rail volumes and an increase in parking of locomotives, particularly in north america. the lower freight rail volumes and increased parking of locomotives is partially due to the covid-19 pandemic and its impact on the economy. these decreases were partially offset by sales from acquisitions of $543 million, primarily related to ge transportation. unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates decreased sales by $69 million.
cost of sales freight segment cost of sales decreased by $266 million to $3,594 million in 2020. the decrease is attributable to the organic sales decrease discussed above, partially offset by $391 million of incremental cost of sales from acquisitions, mainly the acquisition of ge transportation. included in cost of sales in 2020 is $30 million of restructuring costs, primarily for costs for footprint rationalization, and related headcount actions as part of the ongoing integration actions related to the ge transportation acquisition and in response to the covid-19 pandemic. cost of sales in 2019 includes a $185 million charge related to purchase price accounting for the step-up of ge transportation inventory and $34 million of restructuring costs, primarily for costs for footprint rationalization and related headcount reductions to integrate our combined businesses. excluding these charges, cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 70.1% in 2020 and 66.9% in 2019, representing a 3.2 percentage point increase. the increase can be attributed to an unfavorable sales mix and lower absorption of overhead costs due to the decrease in organic sales volumes partially offset by increased synergy savings related to the ge transportation acquisition and efforts to reduce costs in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
operating expenses freight segment operating expenses decreased $34 million, or 3.6%, in 2020 to 17.8% of sales. restructuring and transaction costs, primarily for headcount actions and costs related to acquisition of ge transportation, included in sg&a were $46 million and $33 million for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. sg&a expenses, excluding restructuring and transaction costs in both years, decreased $116 million primarily due to synergy savings, a reduction in employee benefit costs, and lower sales volumes partially offset by $56 million in incremental expense from acquisitions, primarily ge transportation. additionally, engineering expense decreased $32 million due to cost control measures on research and development projects partially offset by incremental expense from acquisitions. amortization expense increased $44 million, due to the acquisition of ge transportation transit segment the following table shows our consolidated statements of operations for our transit segment:
cost of sales                                  (1,824.7)                             (2,062.0)
gross profit                                       649.1                                 696.6
operating expenses                               (419.4)                               (482.2)
the following table shows the major components of the change in net sales for the transit segment in 2020 from 2019:
changes in sales by product line original equipment manufacturing                    (158.7)
aftermarket                                         (148.2)
foreign exchange                                       19.1
net sales transit segment net sales decreased by $285 million, or 10.3%, primarily due to disruptions to our operations caused by the covid-19 pandemic, particularly in asia and europe. this impact was felt in both the original equipment manufacturing and aftermarket product lines as the pandemic lead to shutdowns that affected factory output and ridership levels. favorable foreign currency exchange rate changes increased net sales by $19 million.
cost of sales transit segment cost of sales decreased by $237 million to $1,825 million in 2020 primarily due to the reduction in sales. cost of sales in 2020 includes $14 million of restructuring costs primarily for footprint rationalization in the uk. cost of sales in 2019 included $5 million of restructuring costs primarily related to headcount actions and footprint rationalization. excluding these costs, cost of sales as a percentage of sales was 73.2%, a 1.4 percentage point decrease over the comparable period in 2019, attributable to improved operational performance.
operating expenses transit segment operating expenses decreased $63 million to $419 million, or 12.9% in 2020 to 17.0% of net sales. sg&a expenses decreased $47 million in 2020, primarily due to lower sales and cost saving initiatives put in place to offset the adverse impact of covid-19 and reduced employee benefit costs. sg&a included restructuring charges, mainly for severance, of $14 million and $13 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. engineering expense decreased $16 million due to cost savings measures put in place as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and amortization expense remained consistent year over year. the combination of improved operational performance and cost saving initiatives mentioned above have resulted in a 200 basis point operating margin improvement in 2020 from 2019.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is provided by operating cash flow and borrowings under the company's senior notes and unsecured credit facility with a consortium of commercial banks. the following is a summary of selected cash flow information and other relevant data:
operating activities                              $783.7                      $1,015.5                        $314.7
payments of debt                               (4,077.3)                     (3,423.6)                     (1,454.0)
operating activities. cash provided by operations in 2020 was $784 million compared with $1,016 million in 2019. in comparison to 2019, cash provided by operations decreased due to an unfavorable change in other assets and liabilities of $492 million primarily due to the timing of payments related to accrued expenses including litigation settlements, unfavorable change in accounts payable of $125 million due to the timing of payments to suppliers, an unfavorable change in accrued liabilities and customer deposits of $80 million primarily related to the timing of accrued compensation payments and an unfavorable change in inventory of $75 million . these unfavorable changes were offset by higher net income of $86 million, a favorable change in non-cash items of $35 million related primarily to increased depreciation and amortization as a result of the acquisition of ge transportation, and a favorable change in accounts receivable of $321 million due to improved collections and the acceleration of collections due to the newly implemented revolving receivable program.
investing activities. in 2020 and 2019, cash used in investing activities was $155 million and $3,178 million, respectively. the major components of the cash outflow in 2020 was planned additions to property, plant, and equipment of $136 million for continued investments in our facilities and manufacturing processes, and $40 million in net cash paid for various small acquisitions. the major components of the cash outflow in 2019 was $185 million for additions to property, plant, and equipment and $2,996 million in net cash paid for various acquisitions, primarily ge transportation.
financing activities. in 2020, cash used for financing activities was $619 million, which included net debt payments of $199 million, $115 million of contingent consideration payments, $93 million of dividend payments, and $207 million for share repurchases. in 2019, cash provided by financing activities was $462 million, which included net proceeds from debt of $559 million and dividend payments of $82 million.
the covid-19 pandemic had an adverse impact on cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2020, and management expects the covid-19 pandemic to negatively impact cash from operations into 2021. the extent and length of time in which the company's cash from operations will be negatively impacted is uncertain. because of this uncertainty, the company took prudent measures to decrease cash used for investing activities in 2020. additionally, the company implemented new debt arrangements and a receivables securitization program (described below) as part of its liquidity planning. these measures further strengthen our liquidity position as we address the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. management continues to monitor the rapidly evolving situation and will periodically reassess and adjust the company's cash management strategy as circumstances dictate.
as of december 31, 2020, the company held approximately $599 million of cash and cash equivalents. of this amount, approximately $108 million was held within the united states and approximately $491 million was held outside of the united states, primarily in europe, india and china. while repatriation of some cash held outside the united states may be restricted by local laws, most of the company's foreign cash could be repatriated to the united states.
additional information with respect to senior notes, credit facilities and long-term debt is included in note 8 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report.
revolving receivables program in may 2020, the company entered into a revolving agreement to transfer up to $150.0 million of certain receivables of certain subsidiaries of the company (the "originators") through our bankruptcy-remote subsidiary to a financial institution on a recurring basis in exchange for cash equal to the gross receivables transferred. additional information with respect to the revolving receivables program is included in note 2 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report and referenced herein.
supply chain financing program the company has entered into supply chain financing arrangements with third-party financial institutions to provide our vendors with enhanced payment options. this arrangement does not change the payable terms negotiated by the company and our vendors and does not result in a change in the classification of amounts due as accounts payable in the consolidated balance sheet.
guarantor summarized financial information the obligations under the company's senior notes, senior credit facility and 364 day facility have been fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of the company's u.s. subsidiaries. each guarantor is 100% owned by the parent company, with the exception of ge transportation, a wabtec company, which has 15,000 shares outstanding of class a non-voting preferred stock held by general electric company.
the following tables present summarized financial information of the parent and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis. the combined summarized financial information eliminates intercompany balances and transactions among the parent and guarantor subsidiaries and equity in earnings and investments in any guarantor subsidiaries or non-guarantor subsidiaries. the summarized financial information is provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
summarized statement of income unaudited westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries in millions                                                                                                   year ended december 31, 2020
gross profit                                                                                                930.4
the following is a description of the transactions between the combined westinghouse air brake technologies corp. and guarantor subsidiaries with non-guarantor subsidiaries.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements the company is obligated to make future payments under various contracts such as debt agreements, lease agreements and has certain contingent commitments such as debt guarantees. the company has grouped these contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements into operating activities, financing activities, and investing activities in the same manner as they are classified in the statement of consolidated cash flows to provide a better understanding of the nature of the obligations and arrangements and to provide a basis for comparison to historical information. the table below provides a summary of contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2020:
less than                         1 - 3                         3 - 5                       more than in millions                                                     total                        1 year                         years                         years                         5 years operating activities:
operating leases (2)                                        323.8                        56.4                            93.5                          70.3                         103.6
pension benefit payments (3)                                185.8                        16.7                            35.1                          36.7                          97.3
postretirement benefit payments (4)                           9.4                         1.1                             2.1                           2.0                           4.2
standby letters of credit (8)                               736.6                       162.9                           184.6                         217.9                         171.2
(1)purchase obligations represent non-cancelable contractual obligations at december 31, 2020.  in addition, the company had $1.1 billion of open purchase orders for which the related goods or services had not been received.  although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, their terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.
(2)future minimum payments for operating leases are disclosed by year in note 15 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report.
(3)annual payments to participants are expected to continue into the foreseeable future at the amounts or ranges noted. pension benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets and rate of compensation increases. the company expects to contribute about $7.3 million to pension plan investments in 2021. see further disclosure in note 10 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report.
(4)annual payments to participants are expected to continue into the foreseeable future at the amounts or ranges noted. postretirement payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates and health care costs.
(5)interest payments are payable february and august of each year at 4.375% of $250 million senior notes due in 2023. interest payments are payable may and september of each year at 4.15% of $750 million senior notes due 2024. interest payments are payable june and december of each year at 3.20% of the $500 million senior notes due in 2025. interest payments are payable may and november of each year at 3.45% of $750 million senior notes due in 2026. interest payments are payable march and september of each year at 4.7% of $1,250 million senior note due 2028. interest payments for the revolving credit facility and other borrowings are based on contractual terms and the company's current interest rates.
(6)scheduled principal repayments of outstanding loan balances are disclosed in note 9 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report.
(7)shareholder dividends are subject to approval by the company's board of directors, currently at an annual rate of approximately $90.7 million.
(8)the $736.6 million of standby letters of credit is comprised of outstanding letters of credit for performance and bid bond purposes, which expire in various dates through 2039. amounts include interest payments based on contractual terms and the company's current interest rate.
the above table does not reflect uncertain tax positions of $16.4 million, the timing of which are uncertain. refer to note 11 of the "notes to consolidated financial statements" for additional information on uncertain tax positions.
obligations for operating activities. the company has entered into $98.5 million of material long-term non-cancelable materials and supply purchase obligations. operating leases represent multi-year obligations for rental of facilities and equipment. estimated pension funding and post-retirement benefit payments are based on actuarial estimates using current assumptions for discount rates, expected return on long-term assets, rate of compensation increases and health care cost trend rates. benefits paid for pension obligations were $17.3 million and $16.0 million in 2020 and 2019, respectively. benefits paid for post-retirement plans were $0.9 million and $1.0 million in 2020 and in 2019, respectively.
obligations for financing activities. cash requirements for financing activities consist primarily of long-term debt repayments, interest payments and dividend payments to shareholders. the company has historically paid quarterly dividends to shareholders, subject to quarterly approval by our board of directors, currently at a rate of approximately $90.7 million annually.
the company arranges for performance bonds to be issued by third party insurance companies to support certain long term customer contracts. at december 31, 2020, the initial value of performance bonds issued on the company's behalf is about $878 million.
forward looking statements we believe that all statements other than statements of historical facts included in this report, including certain statements under "business" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," may constitute forward-looking statements. we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. although we believe that our assumptions made in connection with the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure that our assumptions and expectations are correct.
these forward-looking statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including, among other things:
economic and industry conditions
•prolonged unfavorable economic and industry conditions in the markets served by us, including north america, south america, europe, australia, asia and south africa;
•decline in demand for freight cars, locomotives, passenger transit cars, buses and related products and services;
•reliance on major original equipment manufacturer customers;
•demand for services in the freight and passenger rail industry;
•demand for our products and services;
•orders either being delayed, canceled, not returning to historical levels, or reduced or any combination of the foregoing;
•continued outsourcing by our customers;
•fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; or
•availability of credit;
operating factors
•supply disruptions including but not limited to disease outbreak, fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, tornadoes, hurricanes or weather conditions;
•changes in operating conditions and costs;
•successful introduction of new products;
•performance under material long-term contracts;
•the outcome of our existing or any future legal proceedings, including litigation involving our principal customers and any litigation with respect to environmental matters, asbestos-related matters, pension liabilities, warranties, product liabilities, competition and anti-trust matters or intellectual property claims;
•completion and integration of acquisitions, including the acquisition of ge transportation;
•the development and use of new technology;
•unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the ge transportation acquisition;
•failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the ge transportation acquisition, including as a result of integrating ge transportation into wabtec; or
•the severity and duration of the evolving covid-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on the global economy;
competitive factors
•the actions of competitors; or
•the outcome of negotiations with partners, suppliers, customers or others;
political/governmental factors
•political stability in relevant areas of the world;
•future regulation/deregulation of our customers and/or the rail industry;
•levels of governmental funding on transit projects, including for some of our customers;
•political developments and laws and regulations, including those related to positive train control; or
•the outcome of negotiations with governments.
statements in this 10-k apply only as of the date on which such statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses. areas of uncertainty that require judgments, estimates and assumptions include the accounting for allowance for doubtful accounts, inventories, business combinations, the testing of goodwill and other intangibles for impairment, warranty reserves, stock based compensation, income taxes, and revenue recognition. management uses historical experience and all available information to make these judgments and estimates, and actual results will inevitably differ from those estimates and assumptions that are used to prepare the company's financial statements at any given time. despite these inherent limitations, management believes that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) and the financial statements and related footnotes provide a meaningful and fair perspective of the company.
a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report. management believes that the application of these policies on a consistent basis enables the company to provide the users of the financial statements with useful and reliable information about the company's operating results and financial condition.
judgments and uncertainties  the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable reflects our best estimate of expected losses inherent in our receivable portfolio determined on the basis of historical experience, relevant credit forecast information, changes to customer's solvency and other currently available evidence.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions  if our estimates regarding the collectability of troubled accounts, and/or our actual losses within our receivable portfolio exceed our estimated losses, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our allowance for doubtful accounts.
description inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are reviewed to ensure that an adequate provision is recognized for excess, slow moving and obsolete inventories, and net realizable value reserves.
judgments and uncertainties cost is determined under the first-in, first-out (fifo) method. inventory costs include material, labor and overhead. the company compares inventory components to prior year sales history and current backlog and anticipated future requirements. to the extent that inventory parts exceed estimated usage and demand, a reserve is recognized to reduce the carrying value of inventory. also, specific reserves are established for known inventory obsolescence, a decline in market value, or loss of a customer with specific inventory.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if the market value or demand for of our products were to decrease due to changing market conditions, the company could be at risk of incurring write-downs to adjust inventory value to a net realizable value lower than stated cost. if our estimates regarding sales and backlog requirements are inaccurate, we may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for slow moving and obsolete inventory.
business combinations:
description the company accounts for business acquisitions in accordance with asc 805, business combinations which requires the purchase price of the acquired business to be allocated to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the respective fair values. the amount of purchase price which is in excess of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recognized as goodwill.
judgments and uncertainties discounted cash flow models are used to estimate the fair values of acquired contract backlog, customer relationships, intellectual property intangibles, and below-market customer contract liabilities. the significant assumptions used to estimate the value of the intangible assets and below-market customer contract liabilities included revenue growth rates, projected profit margins, discount rates, royalty rates, customer attrition rates, revenue obsolescence rates and market participant profit margins. these significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions different assumptions may result in materially different values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which may impact the company's financial position and future results of operations.
description goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are required to be tested for impairment at least annually. the company performs its annual impairment test during the fourth quarter and more frequently when indicators of impairment are present. the company reviews goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. the company has identified three reporting units for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. two reporting units exist within the freight segment and the transit segment is also a reporting unit. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of the business to the recorded value (including goodwill).
judgments and uncertainties a number of significant assumptions and estimates are involved in the application of the impairment test, including the identification of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, wabtec specific events and share price trends and making the assessment on whether each relevant factor will impact the impairment test positively or negatively and the magnitude of any such amount.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management considers historical experience and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. however, actual amounts realized may differ from those used to evaluate the impairment of goodwill. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to impairment losses that could be material to our results of operations. for example, based on the quantitative analysis performed as of october 1, 2020, a decline in the terminal growth rate by 100 basis points would decrease fair market value by $1,218 million, or an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital by 100 basis points would result in a decrease in fair market value by $2,031 million. even with such changes the fair value of the reporting units would be greater than their net book values. at december 31, 2020, all three of the company's reporting units had fair values which were substantially in excess of their carrying values. see note 2 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in part iv, item 15 of this report for additional discussion regarding impairment testing.
judgments and uncertainties in general, reserves are provided for as a percentage of sales, based on historical experience. in addition, specific reserves are established for known warranty issues and their estimable losses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if actual results are not consistent with the assumptions and judgments used to calculate our warranty liability, the company may be exposed to the expense of increasing our reserves for warranty expense.
description the company has issued incentive stock units to eligible employees that vest upon attainment of certain cumulative three-year performance goals. the program is structured as a rolling three-year plan; each year starts a new three-year performance cycle with the most recently completed cycle being 2018-2020. no incentive stock units will vest for performance below the three-year cumulative threshold.  the company utilizes an economic profit measure for this performance goal.  economic profit is a measure of the extent to which the company produces financial results in excess of its cost of capital.  based on the company's achievement of the threshold and three-year cumulative performance, the stock units vested can range from 0% to 200% of the shares granted.
judgments and uncertainties significant judgments and estimates are used in determining the estimated three-year performance, which is then used to estimate the total shares expected to vest over the three year vesting cycle and corresponding expense based on the grant date fair value of the award.  when determining the estimated three-year performance, the company utilizes a combination of historical actual results, budgeted results and forecasts. upon the initial grant of a performance cycle, the company estimates the three-year performance at 100%.  as actual performance results for a cycle begin to accumulate and the company completes its budgeting and forecasting cycles the performance estimates are updated.  these judgments and estimates are reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions if assumptions used in determining the estimated three-year performance change significantly, stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested incentive stock awards can fluctuate from period to period.  for example, a 10% decrease or increase in the estimated vesting percentage for incentive stock awards would decrease or increase stock-based compensation expense by approximately $2.5 million.
description wabtec records an estimated liability or benefit for income and other taxes based on what it determines will likely be paid in various tax jurisdictions in which it operates in accordance with asc 740-10 accounting for income taxes and accounting for uncertainty in income taxes.
judgments and uncertainties the estimate of our tax obligations are uncertain because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions, as well as realization of our deferred tax assets. asc 740-10 establishes a recognition and measurement threshold to determine the amount of tax benefit that should be recognized related to uncertain tax positions.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions management uses its best judgment in the determination of these amounts. however, the liabilities ultimately realized and paid are dependent on various matters including the resolution of the tax audits in the various affected tax jurisdictions and may differ from the amounts recorded. an adjustment to the estimated liability would be recorded through income in the period in which new information changes the expected outcome of an uncertain tax position. a deferred tax valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
revenue recognition:
description revenue is recognized in accordance with asc 606 "revenue from contracts with customers." company recognizes a portion of its revenues on long-term customer agreements involving the design and production of highly engineered products that require revenue to be recognized over time because these products have no alternative use without significant economic loss and the agreements contain an enforceable right to payment including a reasonable profit margin from the customer in the event of contract termination. generally, the company uses an input method for determining the amount of revenue, cost and gross margin to recognize over time for these customer agreements. the input methods used for these agreements include costs of material and labor, both of which give an accurate representation of the progress made toward complete satisfaction of a particular performance obligation.
judgments and uncertainties accounting for long-term customer agreements involves a judgmental process of estimating the total sales and costs for each contract, which results in the development of estimated profit margin percentages. contract estimates related to long-term projects are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that could span several years. these assumptions include cost of materials; labor availability and productivity; complexity of the work to be performed; and the performance of suppliers, customers and subcontracts that may be associated with the contract. factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and subcontractor performance trends, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements. generally, pricing is defined in our contracts but may include an estimate of variable consideration when required by the terms of the individual customer contract. types of variable consideration that the company typically has include volume discounts, prompt payment discounts, liquidating damages, and performance bonuses.
effect if actual results differ from assumptions should market conditions and customer demands dictate changes to our standard shipping terms, the company may be impacted by longer than typical revenue recognition cycles. the development of expected contract costs and contract profit margin percentages involves procedures and personnel in all areas that provide financial or production information on the status of contracts. due to the significance of judgments in the estimation process, it is likely that materially different revenue amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, supplier performance, or circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. some of our contracts are expected to be completed in a loss position. provisions are made currently for estimated losses on uncompleted contracts.