item 1a. risk factors the statements in this section describe material risks to our business and should be considered carefully. in addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
our disclosure and analysis in this form 10-k contains some forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. we have attempted, wherever possible, to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as "estimate," "expect," "intend," "believe," "plan," "anticipate" and other words and phrases of similar meaning. in particular, these include statements relating to future actions, business plans and prospects, new products, future performance or results of current or anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, foreign-exchange rates, economic effects, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.
many of the factors that will determine our future results are beyond our ability to control or predict. achievement of future results is subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks set forth below. therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.
unless required by applicable securities law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. we also refer you to further disclosures we make on related subjects in our quarterly reports on form 10-q and current reports on form 8-k to the sec.
global and economic risks our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic and other public health epidemics.
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if the progression of the covid-19 pandemic interferes with our ability, or that of our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers and other business partners, to carry out and deliver on business obligations.
covid-19 may have an adverse effect on our operations, supply chains and distribution systems. known potential impacts are illness in our workforce as well as a reduction in access to raw materials for production and access to transportation of product. there could be other unknown and unforeseeable impacts. these impacts have increased and may continue to increase our expenses, including costs associated with preventive and precautionary measures that we, companies with which we conduct business and governments are taking. government measures include actions that restrict or prohibit travel, which in turn may impact our operations by limiting our employees' ability to come to work, or the employees of companies upon which our supply chain depends. the impacts of the pandemic and the aforesaid measures taken by other companies and governments may cause us to experience significant and unpredictable reductions or increases in demand for certain of our products. this is especially possible in the event customers re-prioritize their needs due to the changing environment.
despite our efforts to manage these covid-19 related risks, their ultimate impact on the company will be determined by factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration of covid-19 and further actions taken to control its spread and mitigate its public health effects.
unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business.
our systems and networks, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, service providers, and banks, have and may in the future become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches which, in turn, could result in the unauthorized release and misuse of confidential or proprietary information about our company, our employees or our customers, as well as disrupt our operations or damage our facilities or those of third parties. additionally, our systems are subject to regulation to preserve the privacy of certain data held on those systems. we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems, in order to address these threats. while these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks could result in financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. if we cannot comply with regulations or prevent the unauthorized access, release and/or corruption of our or our customers' confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial losses. we may also be required to incur additional costs to modify or enhance our systems, or to try to prevent or remediate any such attacks. modifying or enhancing our systems may result in unanticipated or prolonged disruption events, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
the current uncertainty in the global economy, including the effects of recession or slow economic growth in the u.s., europe, and emerging markets in asia and south america, may negatively affect our operating results. examples of the effects of these global economic challenges include: our suppliers' and our customers' inability to access the credit markets at commercially reasonable rates; reduction in sales due to customers decreasing their inventories in the near-term or long-term or due to liquidity difficulties; reduction in sales due to shortages of materials we purchase from our suppliers; reduction in research and development efforts and expenditures by our customers; our inability to hedge our currency and raw material risks sufficiently or at commercially reasonable prices; insolvency of suppliers or customers; inflationary pressures on our supplies or our products; and increased expenses due to growing global taxation of corporate profits or revenues or changes in, or expirations of, a country's tax laws or regulations. our operating results in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region. if economic and market conditions in the u.s. or europe, or in emerging markets, weaken further, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
our business is subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. sales outside of the u.s. accounted for 54.6% of our consolidated net sales in 2020 and we anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales in the future. in addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the u.s. further, we intend to continue our expansion into emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside of the u.s. in the future. virtually all of our international sales, assets and related operating costs and expenses are earned, valued or incurred in the currency of the local country, primarily the euro, the singapore dollar ("sgd"), and the danish krone. in addition, we are exposed to japanese yen ("yen"), as we maintain a 49% ownership interest in, and we purchase finished goods and other materials from, daikyo. we are also exposed to currencies in emerging market countries, such as the chinese yuan, the indian rupee, the south korean won, and various south american currencies. our consolidated financial statements are presented in usd, and, therefore, we must translate the reported values of our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses into usd, which can result in significant fluctuations in the amount of those assets, liabilities, revenues, or expenses. the exchange rates between these foreign currencies and usd in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. increases or decreases in the value of usd compared to these foreign currencies may negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
in addition to translation risks, we incur currency transaction risk when we or one of our subsidiaries enters into a purchase or sales transaction in a currency other than that entity's local currency. in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in certain exchange rates, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into hedging arrangements, including the use of financial derivatives. there can be no certainty that we will be able to enter into or maintain hedges of these currency risks, or that our hedges will be effective, which could have a significant effect on our financial condition and operating results.
we are exposed to credit risk on accounts receivable and certain prepayments made in the normal course of business. this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
a substantial majority of our outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. in addition, we have made prepayments associated with insurance premiums and other advances in the normal course of business. while we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on trade receivables and other current assets, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
libor reform may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our variable-rate debt, which includes our senior unsecured, multi-currency revolving credit facility agreement dated as of march 28, 2019 (the "credit agreement"), and its accompanying incremental facility amendment dated as of december 30, 2019 (the "term loan"), currently use the london interbank offered rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor is the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. in july 2017, the u.k. financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates libor, announced that the fca will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of libor after 2021. such announcement indicates that the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. if the method for calculation of libor changes, if libor is no longer available or if lenders have increased costs due to changes in libor, we may suffer from potential increases in interest rates on our variable-rate debt, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, we may need to amend our credit agreement and term loan in connection with the replacement of libor with the new standard that is established. we will continue to monitor the proposals for reform relating to libor.
we have historically paid dividends. however, there can be no assurance that we will pay or declare dividends in the future. the actual declaration and payment of future dividends, the amount of any such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates, if any, are subject to determination by our board of directors each quarter after its review of our then-current strategy, applicable debt covenants and financial performance and position, among other things. our declaration and payment of future dividends is subject to risks and uncertainties, including: deterioration of our financial performance or position; inability to declare a dividend in compliance with applicable laws or debt covenants; an increase in our cash needs or decrease in available cash; and the business judgment of the board of directors that a declaration of a dividend is not in our best interest.
industry risks our sales and profitability are largely dependent on the sale of drug products delivered by injection and the packaging of drug products. if the drug products developed by our customers in the future use another delivery system or are reconfigured to require less frequent dosing, our sales and profitability could suffer.
our business depends to a substantial extent on customers' continued sales and development of products that are delivered by injection. if (i) our customers fail to continue to sell, develop and deploy injectable products; (ii) our customers reconfigure their drug product or develop new drug products requiring less frequent dosing; or (iii) we are unable to develop new products that assist in the delivery of drugs by alternative methods, our sales and profitability may suffer.
if we are unable to provide comparative value advantages, timely fulfill customer orders, or resist pricing pressure, we will have to reduce our prices, which may reduce our profit margins.
we compete with several companies across our major product lines. because of the special nature of these products, competition is based primarily on product design and performance, although total cost is becoming increasingly important as pharmaceutical companies continue with aggressive cost-control programs across their operations. companies often compete on the basis of price. we aim to differentiate ourselves from our competition by being a "full-service, value-added" global supplier that is able to provide pre-sale compatibility studies, engineering support, and other services and sophisticated post-sale technical support on a global basis. however, we face continued pricing pressure from our customers and competitors. if we are unable to resist or offset the effects of continued pricing pressure through our value-added services, improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, or if we have to reduce our prices, our sales and profitability may suffer.
consolidation in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries could adversely affect our future revenues and operating income.
the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries continue to experience a significant amount of consolidation. as a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. in addition, group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has placed pricing pressure on suppliers. further consolidation within the industries we serve could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products.
the medical technology industry is very competitive and customer demands and/or new products in the marketplace could cause a reduction in demand.
the medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold. we face this competition from a wide range of companies, including large medical device companies, some of which have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. we also face competition from firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for diseases that may be delivered via their own, or without, a medical device. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may reduce customer demand for our products or render some of our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. in addition, any failure or inability to meet increased customer quality expectations could cause a reduction in demand.
business and operational risks disruption in our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to make and sell products and have a negative impact on our reputation, performance or financial condition.
we have manufacturing sites throughout the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain product lines is concentrated in one or only a few of our plants. the functioning of our manufacturing and distribution assets and systems could be disrupted for reasons either within or beyond our control, including, without limitation: extreme weather or longer-term climatic changes; natural disasters; pandemic; war; accidental damage; disruption to the supply of material or services; product quality and safety issues; systems failure; workforce actions; or environmental matters. there is a risk that incident management systems in place may prove inadequate and that any disruption may materially adversely affect our ability to make and sell products and, therefore, materially adversely affect our reputation, performance or financial condition.
our international sales and operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that vary by country and which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
we conduct business in most of the major pharmaceutical markets in the world. our international operations and our ability to implement our overall business strategy (including our plan to continue expanding into emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside of the u.s.) are subject to risks and uncertainties that can vary by country, and include: transportation delays and interruptions; political and economic instability and disruptions, including the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union; imposition of duties and tariffs; import and export controls; the risks of divergent business expectations or cultural incompatibility inherent in establishing and maintaining operations in foreign countries; difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; labor strikes and/or disputes; and potentially adverse tax consequences. limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies with third parties or our joint venture partners outside of the u.s. could also create exposure. in addition, we may not be able to operate in compliance with foreign laws and regulations, or comply with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject, in the event that these laws or regulations change. any of these events could have an adverse effect on our international operations in the future by reducing the demand for our products or decreasing the prices at which we can sell our products, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
disruptions in the supply of key raw materials could adversely impact our operations.
we generally purchase our raw materials and supplies required for the production of our products in the open market. for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability or cost effectiveness, many components and raw materials are available and/or purchased only from a single supplier. due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the fda and other regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products and the availability of such raw materials, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for these components or raw materials or do so without excessive cost. as a result, a reduction or interruption in supply, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
raw material and energy prices have a significant impact on our profitability. if raw material and/or energy prices increase, and we cannot pass those price increases on to our customers, our profitability and financial condition may suffer.
we use three basic raw materials in the manufacture of our products: elastomers (which include synthetic and natural material), aluminum and plastic. in addition, our manufacturing facilities consume a wide variety of energy products to fuel, heat and cool our operations. supply and demand factors, which are beyond our control, generally affect the price of our raw materials and utility costs. if we are unable to pass along increased raw material prices and energy costs to our customers, our profitability, and thus our financial condition, may be adversely affected. the prices of many of these raw materials and utilities are cyclical and volatile. for example, the prices of certain commodities, particularly petroleum-based raw materials, have in the recent past exhibited rapid changes, affecting the cost of synthetic elastomers and plastic. while we generally attempt to pass along increased costs to our customers in the form of sales price increases, historically there has been a time delay between raw material and/or energy price increases and our ability to increase the prices of our products. in some circumstances, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pressure and other factors.
if we are not timely or successful in new-product innovation or the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems, our future revenues and operating income could be adversely affected.
our growth partly depends on new-product innovation and the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems for injectable drug administration and other healthcare applications. product development and commercialization is inherently uncertain and is subject to a number of factors outside of our control, including any necessary regulatory approvals and commercial acceptance for the products. the ultimate timing and successful commercialization of new products and systems requires substantial evaluations of the functional, operational, clinical, and economic viability of our products. in addition, the timely and adequate availability of filling capacity is essential to both conducting definitive stability trials and the timing of commercialization of customers' products in crystal zenith vials, syringes and cartridges. delays, interruptions or failures in developing and commercializing new-product innovations or proprietary multi-component systems could adversely affect future revenues and operating income. in addition, adverse conditions may also result in future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we may not succeed in finding and completing acquisitions or other strategic transactions, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we have historically engaged in acquisition activity, and we may in the future engage in acquisitions or other strategic transactions, such as joint ventures or investments in other entities. we may be unable to identify suitable targets, opportunistic or otherwise, for acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future. if we identify a suitable candidate, our ability to successfully implement the strategic transaction would depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and to comply with the restrictions contained in our debt agreements. strategic transactions involve risks, including those associated with integrating the operations or maintaining the operations as separate (as applicable), financial reporting, disparate technologies, and personnel of acquired companies, joint ventures or related companies; managing geographically dispersed operations or other strategic investments; the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; the potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies, joint ventures or companies in which we may make strategic investments; and potentially other unknown risks. we may not successfully integrate any businesses or technologies we may acquire or strategically develop in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits relating to any such strategic transactions. strategic transactions may be expensive, time consuming and may strain our resources. strategic transactions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations as a result of, among other things, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill, additional carrying costs of patent or trademark portfolios, and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. in addition, strategic transactions that we may pursue could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities.
product defects could adversely affect the results of our operations.
the design, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical packaging and medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in new product approvals. please refer to note 3, revenue, for the discussion of the voluntary recall of our vial2bag® product line.
a loss of key personnel or highly skilled employees could disrupt our operations.
our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain key employees, including our executive officers and individuals in technical, marketing, sales, and research positions. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected. although we believe that we will be able to attract and retain talented personnel and replace key personnel should the need arise, our inability to do so on a timely basis could disrupt the operations of the unit affected or our overall operations. in addition, because of the complex nature of many of our products and programs, we are generally dependent on an educated and highly skilled engineering staff and workforce. our operations could be disrupted by a shortage of available skilled employees.
our results of operations and earnings may not meet guidance or expectations.
we provide public guidance on our expected results of operations for future periods. this guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this form 10-k and in our other public filings and public statements, and is based on assumptions we make at the time we provide such guidance. our guidance may not always be accurate. if, in the future, our results of operations for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly.
if we fail to comply with our obligations under our distributorship or license agreements with daikyo or the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, we could lose license rights and access to certain product and technology that are important to our business.
key value-added and proprietary products and processes are licensed from our affiliate, daikyo, including but not limited to, crystal zenith, flurotec® and b2-coating technologies. our rights to these products and processes are licensed pursuant to agreements that expire in 2027. however, if the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, our business could be adversely impacted. please refer to note 7, affiliated companies, for information relating to the increase in our ownership interest in daikyo in 2019.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to regulation by governments around the world, and if these regulations are not complied with, existing and future operations may be curtailed, and we could be subject to liability.
the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and labeling of certain of our products and our customers' products that incorporate our products are subject to regulation by governmental authorities in the u.s., europe and other countries, including the fda, the european medicines agency and the national medical products administration (china). complying with governmental regulation can be costly and can result in required modification or withdrawal of existing products and a substantial delay in the introduction of new products. failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or failure to obtain regulatory approval for a new product could result in expenses and actions that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.
products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to regulations and extensive approval or clearance processes, which make the timing and success of new-product commercialization difficult to predict.
the process of obtaining and maintaining fda and other required regulatory approvals is expensive and time-consuming. historically, most medical devices that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce have been subject to the fda's 510(k) marketing approval process, which typically lasts from six to nine months. supplemental or full pre-market approval reviews require a significantly longer period, delaying commercialization. changes in regulation on a global scale must be monitored and actions taken to ensure ongoing compliance. pharmaceutical products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the fda's new drug application process, which typically takes a number of years to complete. additionally, biotechnology products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the fda's biologics license application process, which also typically takes a number of years to complete. outside of the u.s., sales of medical devices and pharmaceutical or biotechnology products are subject to international regulatory requirements that vary from country to country. the time required to obtain approval for sale internationally may be longer or shorter than that required for fda approval. there is no certainty that any regulatory approval may be obtained or maintained indefinitely, and our ability to launch products to the market and maintain market presence is not guaranteed.
changes in the regulation of drug products and devices may increase competitive pressure and adversely affect our business.
an effect of the governmental regulation of our medical devices and our customers' drug products, devices, and manufacturing processes is that compliance with regulations makes it difficult to change components and devices produced by one supplier with those from another supplier, due to the large amount of data and information that customers must generate to demonstrate that the components and devices are equivalent and pose no additional risk to the patient. the regulation of our medical devices and our customers' products that incorporate our components and devices has increased over time. if the applicable regulations were to be modified in a way that reduced the level of data and information needed to prove equivalency for a change from one supplier's components or devices to those made by another, it is likely that the competitive pressure would increase and adversely affect our sales and profitability.
if we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, our ability to compete may be affected.
our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property are important to our business. we rely on patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary products, information, technologies and processes. we also have obligations with respect to the non-use and non-disclosure of third-party intellectual property. we may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. there can be no assurance that the steps we will take to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others will be successful. in addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our proprietary products in some countries. failure to protect our intellectual property or successfully invalidate or defend against intellectual property protections of third parties could harm our business and results of operations. in addition, if relevant and effective patent protection is not available or has expired, we may not be able to prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar or duplicative to ours.
significant developments in u.s. policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory, and economic conditions, or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development, immigration, and investment, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations must comply with environmental statutes and regulations, and any failure to comply could result in extensive costs which would harm our business.
the manufacture of some of our products has involved, and may continue to involve, the use, transportation, storage, and disposal of hazardous or toxic materials and is subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. this has exposed us in the past, and could expose us in the future, to risks of accidental contamination and events of non-compliance with environmental laws. any such occurrences could result in regulatory enforcement or personal injury and property damage claims or could lead to a shutdown of some of our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we currently incur costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations and these costs may become more significant.
healthcare reform may adversely affect our results of operations.
changes in the u.s. or international healthcare systems could result in reduced demand for our products, as our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. the coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for these products in a particular jurisdiction. legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the u.s. or abroad (for example, those under consideration in france, germany, italy and the united kingdom) could significantly reduce reimbursement for our customers' products, which could in turn reduce the demand for our products.
moreover, in the coming years, additional changes could be made to global governmental healthcare programs that could significantly impact the success of our products. we will continue to evaluate healthcare reform, as well as trends and changes that may be encouraged by healthcare legislation globally and that may potentially impact our business over time.
the uncertain effects of climate change and potential climate change legislation could lead to business interruption, significantly increased costs and/or other adverse consequences to our business.
climate change and potential climate change legislation may present risks to our operations, including business interruption, significantly increased costs and/or other adverse consequences to our business. some of the potential impacts of climate change to our business include physical risks to our facilities, water and energy supply limitations or interruptions, disruptions to our supply chain and impairment of other resources. in addition, if legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the u.s., europe or asia or any other jurisdictions in which we do business that limit or reduce allowable greenhouse gas emissions and other emissions, such restrictions could have a significant effect on our operating and financial decisions, including those involving capital expenditures to reduce emissions, and our results of operations. our manufacturing operations may not be able to operate as planned if we are not able to comply with new legal and regulatory legislation around climate change, or it may become too costly to operate in a profitable manner. additionally, suppliers' added expenses could be passed on to us in the form of higher prices and we may not be able to pass on such expenses to our customers through price increases.
item ib. unresolved staff comments as of the filing of this form 10-k, there were no unresolved comments from the staff of the sec.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion is intended to further the reader's understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of our company. it should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying footnotes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. these historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures for the purpose of aiding the comparison of our year-over-year results, we may refer to net sales and other financial results excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. organic net sales exclude the impact from acquisitions and/or divestitures and translate the current-period reported sales of subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than usd at the applicable foreign exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior-year period. we may also refer to adjusted consolidated operating profit and adjusted consolidated operating profit margin, which exclude the effects of unallocated items. the unallocated items are not representative of ongoing operations, and generally include restructuring and related charges, certain asset impairments, and other specifically-identified income or expense items. the re-measured results excluding effects from currency translation, the impact from acquisitions and/or divestitures, and excluding the effects of unallocated items are not in conformity with u.s. gaap and should not be used as a substitute for the comparable u.s. gaap financial measures. the non-u.s. gaap financial measures are incorporated in our discussion and analysis as management uses them in evaluating our results of operations and believes that this information provides users with a valuable insight into our overall performance and financial position.
our operations we are a leading global manufacturer in the design and production of technologically advanced, high-quality, integrated containment and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. our products include a variety of primary packaging, containment solutions, reconstitution and transfer systems, and drug delivery systems, as well as contract manufacturing, analytical lab services and integrated solutions. our customers include the leading biologic, generic, pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and additional medical device companies in the world. our top priority is delivering quality products that meet the exact product specifications and quality standards customers require and expect. this focus on quality includes a commitment to excellence in manufacturing, scientific and technical expertise and management, which enables us to partner with our customers in order to deliver safe, effective drug products to patients quickly and efficiently.
our business operations are organized into two reportable segments, proprietary products and contract-manufactured products. our proprietary products reportable segment offers proprietary packaging, containment and drug delivery products, along with analytical lab services and other integrated services and solutions, primarily to biologic, generic and pharmaceutical drug customers. our contract-manufactured products reportable segment serves as a fully integrated business, focused on the design, manufacture, and automated assembly of complex devices, primarily for pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and medical device customers. we also maintain collaborations to share technologies and market products with affiliates in japan and mexico.
2020 financial performance summary the following tables present a reconciliation from u.s. gaap to non-u.s. gaap financial measures:
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2020 gaap                                           $406.9                              $72.5                        $346.2                      $4.57
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (2)                              0.6                                 0.1                        3.6                       0.05
cost investment impairment                                                             2.5                          -                           2.5                             0.03
during 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $20.8 million associated with stock-based compensation.
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2019 gaap                                           $296.6                              $59.0                        $241.7                      $3.21
gain on restructuring-related sale of assets                                 (1.7)                              (0.4)                         (1.3)                     (0.02)
tax recovery (3)                                                             (4.4)                              (1.5)                         (2.9)                     (0.04)
tax law changes (4)                                                              -                                0.3                         (0.3)                          -
during 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $10.3 million associated with stock-based compensation.
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2018 gaap                                           $240.3                              $41.4                        $206.9                      $2.74
gain on restructuring-related sale of assets                                         (1.1)                               (0.2)                      (0.9)                     (0.01)
tax law changes (4)                                                                      -                                 2.5                      (2.5)                     (0.03)
during 2018, we recorded a tax benefit of $14.3 million associated with stock-based compensation.
(1) the company recorded a pension settlement charge within other nonoperating (income) expense, as it determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for each of our u.s. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plan exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting.
(2) the company recorded $0.6 million of amortization expense within operating profit associated with an acquisition of an intangible asset during the second quarter of 2020. additionally, the company recorded $3.1 million of amortization expense in association with an acquisition of increased ownership interest in daikyo.
(3) the company recorded a net tax recovery related to previously-paid international excise taxes, following a favorable court ruling.
(4) the company recorded a net tax benefit in december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018 of $0.3 million and $2.5 million, respectively, due to the impact of federal law changes enacted during the respective years.
results of operations we evaluate the performance of our segments based upon, among other things, segment net sales and operating profit. segment operating profit excludes general corporate costs, which include executive and director compensation, stock-based compensation, certain pension and other retirement benefit costs, and other corporate facilities and administrative expenses not allocated to the segments. also excluded are items that we consider not representative of ongoing operations. such items are referred to as other unallocated items for which further information can be found above in the reconciliation from u.s. gaap to non-u.s. gaap financial measures.
percentages in the following tables and throughout this results of operations section may reflect rounding adjustments.
year ended december 31,                                              % change
consolidated net sales increased by $307.0 million, or 16.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $5.7 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as incremental sales of $1.2 million from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, consolidated net sales increased by $300.1 million, or 16.3%.
proprietary products - proprietary products net sales increased by $250.0 million, or 17.9%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $2.2 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as $1.2 million of incremental sales in 2020 from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, net sales increased by $246.6 million, or 17.6%, primarily due to growth in our high-value product offerings, including our flurotec-coated components, westar® components, daikyo® and novapure® components, daikyo crystal zenith® products, and our self-injection delivery platforms, all of which included approximately $99 million in covid-19 related activity for vaccines, antiviral treatments and treatment of underlying covid-19 symptoms.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products net sales increased by $57.1 million, or 12.9%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $3.5 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, net sales increased by $53.5 million, or 12.1%, due to an increase in the sale of healthcare-related injection and diagnostic devices.
the intersegment sales elimination, which is required for the presentation of consolidated net sales, represents the elimination of components sold between our segments.
consolidated net sales increased by $122.5 million, or 7.1%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $52.2 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as incremental sales of $3.3 million from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, consolidated net sales increased by $171.4 million or 10.0%.
proprietary products - proprietary products net sales increased by $90.0 million, or 6.9%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $43.1 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as incremental sales of $3.3 million from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, net sales increased by $129.8 million, or 9.9%, primarily due to growth in our high-value product offerings, including our daikyo components, our ready-to-use seals, stoppers, and plungers, our novapure® components and crystal zenith products, and our self-injection systems and flurotec-coated components.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products net sales increased by $32.4 million, or 7.9%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $9.1 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, net sales increased by $41.5 million, or 10.1%, due to an increase in the sale of healthcare-related injection and diagnostic devices.
the intersegment sales elimination, which is required for the presentation of consolidated net sales, represents the elimination of components sold between our segments.
gross profit the following table presents gross profit and related gross margins, consolidated and by reportable segment:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
gross profit                              $682.2                      $540.4                      $485.4                     26.2     %                 11.3     %
gross profit margin                         41.4   %                    38.6   %                    37.1   %
gross profit                               $85.6                       $65.5                       $60.0                     30.7     %                  9.2     %
gross profit margin                         17.2   %                    14.8   %                    14.7   %
consolidated gross profit                 $767.8                      $605.7                      $545.4                     26.8     %                 11.1     %
consolidated gross profit margin            35.8   %                    32.9   %                    31.8   %
consolidated gross profit increased by $162.1 million, or 26.8%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $1.0 million. consolidated gross profit margin increased by 2.9 margin points in 2020.
proprietary products - proprietary products gross profit increased by $141.8 million, or 26.2%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.3 million. proprietary products gross profit margin increased by 2.8 margin points in 2020, due to a favorable mix of products sold, production efficiencies, and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs including compensation costs and covid-19 related expenses.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products gross profit increased by $20.1 million, or 30.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.7 million. contract-manufactured products gross profit margin increased by 2.4 margin points in 2020, due to a favorable mix of products sold and production efficiencies, partially offset by increased overhead costs including compensation costs.
consolidated gross profit increased by $60.3 million, or 11.1%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $15.7 million. consolidated gross profit margin increased by 1.1 margin points in 2019.
proprietary products - proprietary products gross profit increased by $55.0 million, or 11.3%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $14.3 million. proprietary products gross profit margin increased by 1.5 margin points in 2019, due to a favorable mix of products sold, production efficiencies, and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products gross profit increased by $5.5 million, or 9.2%, in 2019, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $1.4 million. contract-manufactured products gross profit margin increased by 0.1 margin points in 2019, due to production efficiencies and lower material costs, partially offset by increased overhead costs and an unfavorable mix of products sold.
research and development ("r&d") costs the following table presents consolidated r&d costs:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
consolidated r&d costs increased by $8.0 million, or 20.6%, in 2020, as compared to 2019. efforts remain focused on the continued investment in self-injection systems development, fluid transfer admixture devices, elastomeric packaging components, and formulation development.
consolidated r&d costs decreased by $1.4 million, or 3.5%, in 2019, primarily due to an increase in customer-funded r&d projects via customer development agreements.
all of the r&d costs incurred during 2020, 2019 and 2018 related to proprietary products.
year ended december 31,                                              % change
sg&amp;a as a % of net sales                14.1   %                    14.8   %                    15.3   %
consolidated sg&a costs increased by $29.3 million, or 10.7%, in 2020 with no foreign currency translation impact.
proprietary products - proprietary products sg&a costs increased by $7.6 million, or 4.0%, in 2020, primarily due to an increase in compensation costs, partially offset by a reduction in travel expenses and incremental costs incurred in 2019 associated with our voluntary recall.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate sg&a costs increased by $22.4 million, or 33.6%, in 2020, primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation costs, incentive compensation costs and an increase in consulting service costs.
consolidated sg&a costs increased by $9.8 million, or 3.7%, in 2019, including the impact of foreign currency translation, which decreased sg&a costs by $0.3 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products sg&a costs increased by $4.9 million, or 2.6%, in 2019, primarily due to an increase in compensation costs, incremental costs associated with our voluntary recall and the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, partially offset by ongoing cost control measures. foreign currency translation decreased proprietary products sg&a costs by $0.3 million.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products sg&a costs decreased by $0.3 million, or 1.8%, in 2019, due to ongoing cost control measures.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate sg&a costs increased by $5.2 million, or 8.5%, in 2019, primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation costs and incentive compensation costs, partially offset by a decrease in u.s. pension costs due to the cessation of our u.s. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans as of january 1, 2019 (except for interest crediting) and ongoing cost control measures.
other expense and income items, consisting of foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, gains and losses on the sale of fixed assets, development and licensing income, contingent consideration, and miscellaneous income and charges, are generally recorded within segment results.
consolidated other expense (income) changed by $14.5 million in 2020.
proprietary products - proprietary products other expense (income) changed by $5.3 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in the fixed asset impairments recorded, partially offset by a decrease in the smartdose contingent consideration charge. please refer to note 12, fair value measurements, for further discussion of this item.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products other expense (income) changed by $1.3 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in foreign exchange transaction losses.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate and unallocated items changed by $7.9 million in 2020. during 2020, we recorded $4.6 million in restructuring and related charges and a $2.5 million impairment charge related to a cost investment. we expect that our 2020 restructuring plan will provide annualized savings in the range of $3.5 million to $4.5 million. in 2019, offsetting the $4.9 million restructuring and related charge and $1.0 million charge as a result of the continued devaluation of argentina's currency, the company recorded a $1.9 million gain on the sale of fixed assets as a result of our 2018 restructuring plan and recognized a tax recovery of $4.7 million related to previously-paid international excise taxes, following a favorable court ruling.
consolidated other expense (income) changed by $4.4 million in 2019.
proprietary products - proprietary products other expense (income) decreased by $4.3 million in 2019, primarily due to increased contingent consideration costs. please refer to note 12, fair value measurements, for further discussion of this item.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products other expense (income) changed by $1.0 million in 2019, primarily due to a decrease in gains on the sale of fixed assets during 2019.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate and unallocated items changed by $9.7 million in 2019. during 2019, we recorded $4.9 million in restructuring and related charges, a $1.9 million gain on the sale of fixed assets as a result of our restructuring plan, and a charge of $1.0 million as a result of the continued devaluation of argentina's currency. in addition, during 2019, we recognized a tax recovery of $4.7 million related to previously-paid international excise taxes, following a favorable court ruling. please refer to note 16, other expense (income), for further discussion of these items.
operating profit the following table presents operating profit and adjusted operating profit, consolidated and by reportable segment, corporate and unallocated items:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
adjusted consolidated operating profit                   $417.0                      $296.4                      $249.4                     40.7     %                 18.8     %
adjusted consolidated operating profit margin              19.4   %                    16.1   %                    14.5   %
consolidated operating profit                            $406.9                      $296.6                      $240.3                     37.2     %                 23.4     %
consolidated operating profit margin                       19.0   %                    16.1   %                    14.0   %
consolidated operating profit increased by $110.3 million, or 37.2%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.8 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products operating profit increased by $120.9 million, or 38.6%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.2 million, due to the factors described above, most notably the sales increase in our high-value product offerings, inclusive of covid-19 related activity.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products operating profit increased by $19.5 million, or 39.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.6 million, due to the factors described above, most notably the sales increase in our products with a more favorable gross profit margin.
corporate - corporate costs increased by $19.8 million, or 29.9%, in 2020, which decreased operating profit, due to the factors described above most notably an increase in stock-based compensation costs and incentive compensation costs.
unallocated items - please refer to the 2020 financial performance summary section above and other expense (income) section for details.
excluding the unallocated items, our adjusted consolidated operating profit margin increased by 3.3 margin points in 2020.
consolidated operating profit increased by $56.3 million, or 23.4%, in 2019, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.6 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products operating profit increased by $47.2 million, or 17.7%, in 2019, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.6 million, due to the factors described above.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products operating profit increased by $4.8 million, or 10.8%, in 2019, due to the factors described above.
corporate - corporate costs increased by $5.0 million, or 8.2%, in 2019, which decreased operating profit, due to the factors described above.
excluding the unallocated items, our adjusted consolidated operating profit margin increased by 1.6 margin points in 2019.
year ended december 31,                                              % change
capitalized interest            (1.4)                     (0.9)                     (0.9)                     55.6     %                    -     %
interest expense, net, increased by $2.1 million, or 44.7%, in 2020, due to a decrease in interest income in 2020 resulting from lower interest rates compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest due to an increase in capital expenditures in 2020.
other nonoperating (income) expense
other nonoperating (income) expense changed by $1.3 million in 2020, primarily due to a decrease in the interest cost component of our net periodic benefit expense, partially offset by an increase in pension settlement charges. a pension settlement charge of $3.7 million was recorded in 2020, as we determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for each of our u.s. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting under u.s. gaap for the year.
other nonoperating (income) expense changed by $6.8 million in 2019, primarily due to a decrease in the expected return on pension plan assets and a pension settlement charge of $3.5 million recorded in 2019, as we determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for each of our u.s. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting under u.s. gaap for the year. effective january 1, 2019, except for interest crediting, benefit accruals under these defined benefit pension plans ceased.
during 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $20.8 million associated with stock-based compensation, an increase from the tax benefit of $10.3 million associated with stock-based compensation in 2019, and incurred less tax on international operations versus the prior year, which both contributed to the effective tax rate decline from 20.2% in 2019 to 18.1% in 2020.
during 2019, we recorded a net tax benefit of $0.3 million due to the impact of federal law changes enacted during the year, as well as a tax benefit of $10.3 million associated with stock-based compensation.
during 2018, we recorded a net tax benefit of $2.5 million for the estimated impact of the 2017 tax act and a tax benefit of $14.3 million associated with stock-based compensation. please refer to note 17, income taxes, for further discussion of the 2017 tax act.
please refer to note 17, income taxes, for further discussion of our income taxes.
equity in net income of affiliated companies equity in net income of affiliated companies represents the contribution to earnings from our 25% ownership interest in daikyo, which increased to 49% during the fourth quarter of 2019, and our 49% ownership interest in five companies majority-owned by a long-time partner located in mexico. please refer to note 7, affiliated companies, for further discussion. equity in net income of affiliated companies was $17.4 million, $8.9 million, and $7.6 million for the years 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. equity in net income of affiliated companies increased by $8.5 million, or 95.5%, in 2020, primarily due to favorable operating results at daikyo and the mexico affiliates and increase in ownership of daikyo starting in the fourth quarter of 2019. equity in net income of affiliated companies increased by $1.3 million, or 17.1%, in 2019, primarily due to favorable operating results at daikyo.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash flows the following table presents cash flow data for the years ended december 31:
net cash provided by operating activities       $472.5                     $367.2                    $288.6
net cash provided by operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $105.3 million in 2020, primarily due to improved operating results and changes in assets and liabilities.
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $78.6 million in 2019, primarily due to improved operating results and changes in assets and liabilities.
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $48.5 million in 2020, primarily due to 2019 investing activities that did not recur in 2020, such as our increase in daikyo ownership and the acquisition of our south korea distributor in 2019. these reductions in investing activities were offset in 2020 by an increase in capital expenditures to support our increased customer demands.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $127.2 million in 2019, primarily due to the increase in our ownership interest in daikyo, an increase in capital expenditures, and the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019.
net cash used in financing activities increased by $100.3 million in 2020, primarily due an increase in purchases under our share repurchases program and given 2019 included new long-term borrowings while no such new borrowings occurred in 2020.
net cash used in financing activities decreased by $43.9 million in 2019, primarily due to borrowings of $90.0 million under our term loan, partially offset by net repayments of our outstanding long-term borrowings under our credit facility and increases in purchases under our share repurchases programs and dividend payments.
liquidity and capital resources the table below presents selected liquidity and capital measures as of:
working capital                         $870.3                  $717.1
cash and cash equivalents include all instruments that have maturities of ninety days or less when purchased. working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities.
cash and cash equivalents - our cash and cash equivalents balance at december 31, 2020 consisted of cash held in depository accounts with banks around the world and cash invested in high-quality, short-term investments. the cash and cash equivalents balance at december 31, 2020 included $293.5 million of cash held by subsidiaries within the u.s. and $322.0 million of cash held by subsidiaries outside of the u.s. in response to the 2017 tax act, we reevaluated our position regarding permanent reinvestment of foreign subsidiary earnings and profits through 2017 (with the exception of china and mexico) and decided that those profits were no longer permanently reinvested. as of january 1, 2018, we reasserted indefinite reinvestment related to all post-2017 unremitted earnings in all of our foreign subsidiaries. in general, it is our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and repatriate earnings only when the tax impact is de minimis, and that position has not changed subsequent to the one-time transition tax under the 2017 tax act, except as noted above. accordingly, no deferred taxes have been provided for withholding taxes or other taxes that would result upon repatriation of approximately $345.6 million of undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries to the u.s., as those earnings continue to be permanently reinvested. further, it is impracticable for us to estimate any future tax costs for any unrecognized deferred tax liabilities associated with our indefinite reinvestment assertion, because the actual tax liability, if any, would be dependent on complex analysis and calculations considering various tax laws, exchange rates, circumstances existing when there is a repatriation, sale or liquidation, or other factors.
working capital - working capital at december 31, 2020 increased by $153.2 million, or 21.4%, as compared to december 31, 2019, including an increase of $3.2 million due to foreign currency translation. excluding the impact of currency exchange rates, cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories, and total current liabilities increased by $156.0 million, $52.5 million, $73.7 million, and $119.1 million, respectively. the increase in accounts receivable was due to increased sales activity. the increase in inventories that occurred in the period was to ensure we have sufficient inventory on hand to support the needs of our customers. the increase in total current liabilities was primarily due to increases in accounts payable, accrued salaries, wages and benefits, accrued expenses, and income taxes payable.
debt and credit facilities - the $2.1 million decrease in total debt at december 31, 2020, as compared to december 31, 2019, resulted from debt repayments under our term loan.
our sources of liquidity include our credit facility. at december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. at december 31, 2020, the borrowing capacity available under the credit facility, including outstanding letters of credit of $2.5 million, was $297.5 million. we do not expect any significant limitations on our ability to access this source of funds. please refer to note 10, debt, for further discussion of our credit facility.
pursuant to the financial covenants in our debt agreements, we are required to maintain established interest coverage ratios and to not exceed established leverage ratios. in addition, the agreements contain other customary covenants, none of which we consider restrictive to our operations. at december 31, 2020, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants, and we expect to continue to be in compliance with the terms of these agreements throughout 2021.
we believe that cash on hand and cash generated from operations, together with availability under our credit facility, will be adequate to address our foreseeable liquidity needs based on our current expectations of our business operations, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of debt obligations.
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our commitments and contractual obligations at december 31, 2020. these obligations are not expected to have a material impact on liquidity.
operating lease obligations                                   85.2                12.4                  19.7                 15.6                   37.5
(1)our business creates a need to enter into various commitments with suppliers, including for the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. in accordance with u.s. gaap, these purchase obligations are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. these purchase commitments do not exceed our projected requirements and are in the normal course of business.
(2)for fixed-rate long-term debt, interest was based on principal amounts and fixed coupon rates at year-end. future interest payments on variable-rate debt were calculated using principal amounts and the applicable ending interest rate at year-end. interest on floating-rate derivative instruments was based on notional amounts and floating interest rates contractually obligated at year-end.
(3)represents acquisition-related contingencies. in connection with certain business acquisitions, we agreed to make payments to the sellers if and when certain operating milestones are achieved, such as sales and operating income targets.
(4)this table does not include obligations pertaining to pension and postretirement benefits because the actual amount and timing of future contributions may vary significantly depending upon plan asset performance, benefit payments, and other factors. in 2021, we expect to contribute $3.6 million to pension plans, of which $2.9 million is for international plans. in addition, we expect to contribute $0.7 million for other retirement benefits in 2021. please refer to note 15, benefit plans, for estimated benefit payments over the next ten years.
reserves for uncertain tax positions - the table above does not include $10.4 million of total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of december 31, 2020. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential cash flows, we cannot reasonably estimate the settlement periods for amounts which may be paid.
letters of credit - we have letters of credit totaling $2.5 million supporting the reimbursement of workers' compensation and other claims paid on our behalf by insurance carriers. our accrual for insurance obligations was $3.0 million at december 31, 2020, of which $0.9 million is in excess of our deductible and, therefore, is reimbursable by the insurance company.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2020, we had no off-balance sheet financing arrangements other than unconditional purchase obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business and outstanding letters of credit related to various insurance programs.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis addresses consolidated financial statements that are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the application of these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions, some of which are subjective and complex, that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding and evaluating our results of operations and financial position:
revenue recognition: our revenue results from the sale of goods or services and reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. we record revenue based on a five-step model, in accordance with asc topic 606 ("asc 606"). following the identification of a contract with a customer, we identify the performance obligations (goods or services) in the contract, determine the transaction price, allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and recognize the revenue when (or as) we satisfy the performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services to our customers. a good or service is transferred when (or as) the customer obtains control of that good or service.
we recognize the majority of our revenue, primarily relating to proprietary products product sales, at a point in time following the transfer of control of our products to our customers, which typically occurs upon shipment or delivery, depending on the terms of the related agreements.
we recognize revenue relating to our contract-manufactured products product sales and certain proprietary products product sales over time, as our performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to us and we have an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
we recognize revenue relating to our development and tooling agreements over time, as our performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced.
for revenue recognized over time, revenue is recognized by applying a method of measuring progress toward complete satisfaction of the related performance obligation. when selecting the method for measuring progress, we select the method that best depicts the transfer of control of goods or services promised to our customers.
revenue for our contract-manufactured products product sales, certain proprietary products product sales, and our development and tooling agreements is recorded under an input method, which recognizes revenue on the basis of our efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation (for example, resources consumed, labor hours expended, costs incurred, time elapsed, or machine hours used) relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation. the input method that we use is based on costs incurred.
the majority of the performance obligations within our contracts are satisfied within one year or less. performance obligations satisfied beyond one year include those relating to a nonrefundable customer payment of $20.0 million received in june 2013 in return for the exclusive use of the smartdose technology platform within a specific therapeutic area. as of december 31, 2020, there was $4.7 million of unearned income related to this payment, of which $0.9 million was included in other current liabilities and $3.8 million was included in other long-term liabilities. the unearned income is being recognized as income on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the agreement. the agreement does not include a future minimum purchase commitment from the customer.
our revenue can be generated from contracts with multiple performance obligations. when a sales agreement involves multiple performance obligations, each obligation is separately identified and the transaction price is allocated based on the amount of consideration we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised good or service to the customer.
some customers receive pricing rebates upon attaining established sales volumes. we record rebate costs when sales occur based on our assessment of the likelihood that the required volumes will be attained. we also maintain an allowance for product returns, as we believe that we are able to reasonably estimate the amount of returns based on our substantial historical experience and specific identification of customer claims.
contract assets and liabilities result from transactions with revenue recorded primarily over time. if the measure of remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations, we record a contract asset. contract assets are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in accounts receivable, net, and other assets (current and noncurrent portions, respectively). contract assets included in accounts receivable, net, relate to the unbilled amounts of our product sales for which we have recognized revenue over time. contract assets included in other assets represent the remaining performance obligations of our development and tooling agreements. conversely, if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights, we record a contract liability. contract liabilities are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet in other liabilities (current and noncurrent portions, respectively) and represent cash payments received in advance of our performance.
impairment of long-lived assets: long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. an asset is considered impaired if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the sum of the future expected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from the asset. once an asset is considered impaired, an impairment loss is recorded within other expense (income) for the difference between the asset's carrying value and its fair value. for assets held and used in the business, management determines fair value using estimated future cash flows to be derived from the asset, discounted to a net present value using an appropriate discount rate. for assets held for sale or for investment purposes, management determines fair value by estimating the proceeds to be received upon sale of the asset, less disposition costs.
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets: goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, following the completion of our annual budget and long-range planning process, or whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, our operating segments. a goodwill impairment charge represents the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. amounts and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment test, such as future sales, future cash flows and long-term growth rates, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. amounts and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment test are also largely dependent on the continued sale of drug products delivered by injection and the packaging of drug products, as well as our timeliness and success in new-product innovation or the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems. changes in the estimate of fair value, including the estimate of future cash flows, could have a material impact on our future results of operations and financial position. accounting guidance also allows entities to first assess qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance, to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. we elected to follow this guidance for our annual impairment test. based upon our assessment, we determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units was less than its carrying amount and determined that it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and reviewed for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.
employee benefits: we maintain funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans in the u.s. and a number of other countries that cover employees who meet eligibility requirements. in addition, we sponsor postretirement benefit plans which provide healthcare benefits for eligible employees who retire or become disabled. postretirement benefit plans are limited to only those active employees who met the eligibility requirements as of january 1, 2017. the measurement of annual cost and obligations under these defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are subject to a number of assumptions, which are specific for each of our u.s. and foreign plans. the assumptions, which are reviewed at least annually, are relevant to both the plan assets (where applicable) and the obligation for benefits that will ultimately be provided to our employees. two of the most critical assumptions in determining pension expense are the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. other assumptions reflect demographic factors such as retirement age, rates of compensation increases, mortality and turnover and are evaluated periodically and updated to reflect our actual experience. for our funded plans, we consider the current and expected asset allocations of our plan assets, as well as historical and expected rates of return, in estimating the long-term rate of return on plan assets. one of the most critical assumptions in determining retiree mental plan expense is the discount rate. under u.s. gaap, differences between actual and expected results are generally accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) as actuarial gains or losses and subsequently amortized into earnings over future periods.
changes in key assumptions could have a material impact on our future results of operations and financial position. we estimate that every 25-basis point reduction in our long-term rate of return assumption would increase pension expense by $0.6 million, and every 25-basis point reduction in our discount rate would decrease pension expense by $0.1 million. a decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations. our net pension underfunded balance at december 31, 2020 was $40.8 million, compared to $43.8 million at december 31, 2019. our underfunded balance for other postretirement benefits was $6.1 million at december 31, 2020, compared to $6.6 million at december 31, 2019.
income taxes: we estimate income taxes payable based upon current domestic and international tax legislation. in addition, deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates to tax loss carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax basis and financial statement carrying values of our assets and liabilities. the enacted statutory tax rate applied is based on the rate expected to be applicable at the time of the forecasted utilization of the loss carryforward or reversal of the temporary difference. valuation allowances on deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. the realizability of deferred tax assets is subject to our estimates of future taxable income, generally at the respective subsidiary company and country level. changes in tax legislation, business plans and other factors may affect the ultimate recoverability of tax assets or final tax payments, which could result in adjustments to tax expense in the period such change is determined.
when accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in our financial statements, we apply a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
please refer to note 1, basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies and note 2, new accounting standards, to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our significant accounting policies, recently adopted accounting standards, and accounting standards issued but not yet adopted.