item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reference is made to "part i. item 1a. risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements," which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. in addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of charter included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
overview we are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 32 million customers in 41 states through our spectrum brand. over an advanced communications network, we offer a full range of state-of-the-art residential and business services including spectrum internet, tv, mobile and voice. for small and medium-sized companies, spectrum business delivers the same suite of broadband products and services coupled with special features and applications to enhance productivity, while for larger businesses and government entities, spectrum enterprise provides highly customized, fiber-based solutions. spectrum reach delivers tailored advertising and production for the modern media landscape. we also distribute award-winning news coverage and sports programming to our customers through spectrum networks. see "part i. item 1. business - products and services" for further description of these services, including customer statistics for different services.
during the year ended december 31, 2023, we added 2,474,000 mobile lines and 155,000 internet customers. we spent $1.9 billion on our subsidized rural construction initiative during the year ended december 31, 2023 and activated approximately 295,000 subsidized rural passings. our mobile line and internet customer additions were supported by our spectrum one offering, which brings together spectrum internet, advanced wifi and unlimited spectrum mobile to offer consumers fast, reliable and secure online connections on their favorite devices at home and on-the-go in a high-value package, and were further supported by growth in our legacy and new subsidized rural markets.
we continue to upgrade our network to provide higher internet speeds and reliability and invest in our products and customer service platforms. we currently offer spectrum internet products with speeds up to 1 gbps across our entire footprint and we are upgrading our network to provide multi-gigabit speeds. our advanced wifi, a managed wifi service that provides customers an optimized home network and greater control over connected devices with enhanced security and privacy, is available to all of our internet customers. we continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our mobile and fixed internet customers with increasing availability of out-of-home wifi access points across our footprint. in addition, we continue to work towards the construction of our own 5g mobile data-only network in targeted areas of our footprint leveraging our cbrs priority access licenses.
we also continue to develop our video product. in september 2023, we entered into a new affiliation agreement with the walt disney company ("disney"), which provides a template for a new programming affiliation approach where we partner with content providers to provide access to both linear and app-based dtc content. in october 2023, we began deploying xumo to new video customers. xumo combines a live tv experience with access to hundreds of content applications, and features unified search and discovery along with a curated content offering based on the customer's interests and subscriptions. by continually improving our product set and offering consumers the opportunity to save money by switching to our services, we believe we can continue to penetrate our expanding footprint and sell additional products to our existing customers. we are also beginning to see operational benefits from the targeted investments we are making in employee wages and benefits to build employee skill sets and tenure, as well as the continued investments in digitization of our customer service platforms and proactive maintenance, all with the goal of improving the customer experience, reducing transactions and driving customer growth and retention.
we realized revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers; minor differences may exist due to rounding).
adjusted ebitda                 $21,894                     $21,616                       1.3    %
adjusted ebitda is defined as net income attributable to charter shareholders plus net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, other income (expense), net and other operating (income) expenses, net, such as special charges and (gain) loss on sale or retirement of assets. see "-use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow" for further information on adjusted ebitda and free cash flow.
growth in total revenue was primarily due to growth in our residential internet customers and residential mobile lines partly offset by lower residential video and advertising sales revenues. adjusted ebitda and income from operations growth was driven by growth in revenue and increases in operating costs and expenses, primarily mobile device and other mobile direct costs and costs to service customers, partly offset by a decrease in programming expense. income from operations was also affected by a gain on the sale of towers and lower depreciation and amortization expense, partly offset by an increase in stock compensation expense.
approximately 90% of our revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our internet, video, voice, mobile and commercial services as well as regional sports and news channels. generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. the remaining 10% of our revenue is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected by us but then paid to local authorities), sales of mobile and video devices, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, installation, vod and pay-per-view programming, and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services.
critical accounting policies and estimates certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. management has discussed these policies with the audit committee of charter's board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the following disclosure. we consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows:
•capitalization of labor and overhead costs
•defined benefit pension plans capitalization of labor and overhead costs costs associated with network construction or upgrades, placement of the customer drop to the dwelling and the placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the deployment of new customer premise equipment necessary to provide internet, video or voice services, are capitalized.  costs capitalized include materials, direct labor and certain indirect costs. these indirect costs consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with support functions.  while our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs on a composite basis by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis.  for assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation.  the costs of disconnecting service and removing customer premise equipment from a dwelling and the costs to reconnect a customer drop or to redeploy previously installed customer premise equipment are charged to operating expense as incurred. costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while plant and equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, betterments, and replacement of cable drops and outlets, are capitalized.
we make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. we capitalized direct labor and overhead of $2.3 billion and $1.8 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. we capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. we calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. for example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. the impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented.
labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. capitalizable activities performed in connection with installations include such activities as:
•verification of serviceability to the customer's dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer's dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network);
•customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with the installation, replacement and betterment of equipment and materials to enable internet, video or voice services; and
•verifying the integrity of the customer's network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer premise equipment, as well as testing signal levels at the utility pole or pedestal.
judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. the primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as care personnel and dispatchers, who assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities.
while we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our operating practices could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. we monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities and expected benefits of utilizing loss carryforwards, including indefinite lived carryovers such as the section 163(j) interest limitation. valuation allowances are established when management determines that it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including the expected level of future taxable income, available tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. the impact on deferred taxes of changes in tax rates and tax law, if any, applied to the years during which temporary differences are expected to be settled, are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period of enactment. in determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be "more likely than not" of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. there is considerable judgment involved in making such a determination. we recognize interest and penalties accrued on uncertain income tax positions as part of the income tax provision.
defined benefit pension plans we sponsor qualified and unqualified defined benefit pension plans that provide pension benefits to a majority of employees who were employed by twc before the merger with twc. as of december 31, 2023, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was $2.4 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively, and the net funded asset was recorded as a $149 million noncurrent asset, $3 million current liability and $19 million long-term liability. as of december 31, 2022, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets was $2.2 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively, and the net funded asset was recorded as a $362 million noncurrent asset, $5 million current liability and $17 million long-term liability. in june 2023, we purchased a buy-in group annuity contract from a highly rated insurer and in october 2023, we announced plans to fully terminate the qualified pension plan. the benefit obligation for the qualified pension plan as of december 31, 2023 of $2.4 billion was therefore determined on a plan termination basis for which it is assumed that a portion of eligible active and deferred vested participants will elect lump sum payments.
pension benefits are based on formulas that reflect the employees' years of service and compensation during their employment period. actuarial gains or losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. we have elected to follow a mark-to-market pension accounting policy for recording the actuarial gains or losses annually during the fourth quarter, or earlier if a remeasurement event occurs during an interim period. we use a december 31 measurement date for our pension plans.
we recognized net periodic pension cost of $216 million in 2023 and net periodic pension benefit of $254 million in 2022. net periodic pension benefit or cost is determined using certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and mortality assumptions. we determined the discount rate used to compute pension cost based on the yield of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. in developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current pension portfolio's composition, past average rate of earnings, and our asset allocation targets. we used a discount rate of 4.65% to determine the december 31, 2023 pension plan benefit obligation. a decrease in the discount rate of 25 basis points would result in an $80 million increase in our pension plan benefit obligation as of december 31, 2023 and net periodic pension cost recognized in 2023 under our mark-to-market accounting policy. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to determine net periodic pension benefit for the year ended december 31, 2024 is expected to be 5.00%. a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of 25 basis points to 4.75%, while holding all other assumptions constant, would result in a decrease in our 2024 net periodic pension benefit of approximately $6 million. see note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for additional discussion on these assumptions.
results of operations a discussion of changes in our results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 has been omitted from this annual report on form 10-k, but may be found in "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on january 27, 2023, which is available free of charge on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and on charter's investor relations website at ir.charter.com.
operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below)                33,405                              32,876
revenues.  total revenues grew $585 million or 1.1% during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily due to growth in residential internet revenue, mobile device sales and residential mobile service revenues partly offset by lower residential video and advertising sales revenues as well as $68 million of total customer credits related to the temporary loss of disney programming during 2023.
residential video customers decreased by 994,000 in 2023 compared to 2022. the decrease related to rate and product mix was primarily due to a higher mix of lower cost video packages within our video customer base and $63 million of customer credits related to the temporary loss of disney programming in 2023, offset by the pass-through of programming cost increases and promotional rate step-ups.
advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors, as well as local cable and advertising on regional sports and news channels. advertising sales revenues decreased $331 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the corresponding period in 2022 primarily due to a decrease in political revenue.
operating costs and expenses. the increase in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, was attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
programming costs were approximately $10.6 billion and $11.6 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, representing 32% and 35% of total operating costs and expenses, respectively. programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, premium, video on demand, and pay-per-view programming. programming costs decreased as a result of a higher mix of lower cost video packages within our video customer base, fewer customers and a $61 million benefit related to the temporary loss of disney programming during 2023, partly offset by contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consent.
costs to service customers increased $328 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the corresponding period in 2022 primarily due to adjustments to job structure, pay and benefits to build a more skilled and longer tenured workforce resulting in lower frontline employee attrition compared to 2022, and additional activity to support the accelerated growth of spectrum mobile.
stock compensation expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the corresponding prior period primarily due to an increase in equity awards granted. corporate, costs to sell and service bulk properties and enterprise costs increased primarily due to higher labor costs while property tax and insurance expense decreased during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the corresponding prior period primarily as a result of adjustments related to favorable development on prior year workers' compensation claims.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $207 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the corresponding period in 2022 primarily due to certain assets acquired in acquisitions becoming fully depreciated offset by an increase in depreciation as a result of more recent capital expenditures.
for more information, see note 14 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net periodic pension benefit (cost) (see note 21)                          (470)
loss on equity investments, net (see note 5)                               (243)
see note 15 and the notes referenced above to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "item 1. financial statements" for more information.
income tax expense. we recognized income tax expense of $1.6 billion for both the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.  for more information, see note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes represents a/n's portion of charter holdings' net income based on its effective common unit ownership interest. for more information, see note 10 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow we use certain measures that are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate various aspects of our business. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income attributable to charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with gaap. these terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are reconciled to net income attributable to charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below.
adjusted ebitda eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. however, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. these costs are evaluated through other financial measures.
free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
management and charter's board of directors use adjusted ebitda and free cash flow to assess our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. in addition, adjusted ebitda generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the sec). for the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use adjusted ebitda, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other charter entities. our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of $1.4 billion for each of the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022.
a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow to net income attributable to charter shareholders and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, is as follows (dollars in millions):
adjusted ebitda                                                       $21,894                         $21,616
net cash flows from operating activities                              $14,433                         $14,925
change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures                172                             553
liquidity and capital resources overview we have significant amounts of debt and require significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt. the principal amount of our debt as of december 31, 2023 was $97.6 billion, consisting of $12.4 billion of credit facility debt, $57.9 billion of investment grade senior secured notes and $27.3 billion of high-yield senior unsecured notes. our split credit rating allows us to access both the investment grade debt market and the high yield debt market.
our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. as we continue to grow our market penetration of our mobile product, we will continue to experience negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell devices to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. further, in 2022, charter became a meaningful federal cash tax payer as the majority of our net operating losses had been utilized. free cash flow was $3.5 billion and $6.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. see table below for factors impacting free cash flow during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to 2022. as of december 31, 2023, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately $5.2 billion and cash on hand was approximately $709 million. we expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. the timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. additionally, we may, from time to time, and depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers or redemption provisions. we believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.
we continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including investing in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including expanding the capacity of our network, the expansion of our network through our rural broadband construction initiative, the build-out and deployment of our cbrs spectrum, and mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. charter's target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months adjusted ebitda remains at 4 to 4.5 times adjusted ebitda, and up to 3.5 times adjusted ebitda at the charter operating first lien level. charter's leverage ratio was 4.42 times adjusted ebitda as of december 31, 2023. as adjusted ebitda grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. excluding purchases from liberty broadband discussed below, during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, charter purchased in the public market approximately 6.9 million and 14.5 million shares, respectively, of charter class a common stock for approximately $2.7 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively. since the beginning of its buyback program in september 2016 through the year ended december 31, 2023, charter has purchased in the public market approximately 158.3 million shares of class a common stock and charter holdings common units for approximately $72.0 billion, including purchases from liberty broadband and a/n discussed below.
in february 2021, charter and liberty broadband entered into a letter agreement (the "lbb letter agreement"). the lbb letter agreement implements liberty broadband's obligations under the stockholders agreement to participate in share repurchases by charter. under the lbb letter agreement, liberty broadband will sell to charter, generally on a monthly basis, a number of shares of charter class a common stock representing an amount sufficient for liberty broadband's ownership of charter to be reduced such that it does not exceed the ownership cap then applicable to liberty broadband under the stockholders agreement at a purchase price per share equal to the volume weighted average price per share paid by charter for shares repurchased during such immediately preceding calendar month other than (i) purchases from a/n, (ii) purchases in privately negotiated transactions or (iii) purchases for the withholding of shares of charter class a common stock pursuant to equity compensation programs of charter. charter purchased from liberty broadband 1.0 million and 6.2 million shares of charter class a common stock for approximately $394 million and $3.0 billion during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
in december 2016, charter and a/n entered into a letter agreement, as amended in december 2017 (the "a/n letter agreement"), that requires a/n to sell to charter or to charter holdings, on a monthly basis, a number of shares of charter class a common stock or charter holdings common units that represents a pro rata participation by a/n and its affiliates in any repurchases of shares of charter class a common stock from persons other than a/n effected by charter during the immediately preceding calendar month, at a purchase price equal to the average price paid by charter for the shares repurchased from persons other than a/n during such immediately preceding calendar month. a/n and charter both have the right to terminate or suspend the pro rata repurchase arrangement on a prospective basis. during the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, charter holdings purchased from a/n 1.1 million and 3.2 million charter holdings common units, respectively, for approximately $427 million and $1.6 billion, respectively.
as of december 31, 2023, charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional $170 million of charter's class a common stock and/or charter holdings common units, excluding purchases from liberty broadband. although charter expects to continue to buy back its common stock consistent with its leverage target range, charter is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. purchases may include open market purchases, tender offers or negotiated transactions.
as possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. however, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions, dispositions or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results.
recent events in january and february 2024, charter operating and charter communications operating capital corp. redeemed all of their outstanding senior secured floating rate notes due 2024 and paid in full all of their outstanding 4.500% senior secured notes due 2024 at maturity.
increase in capital expenditures                                     $(1,739)
changes in working capital, excluding mobile devices                    (772)
changes in working capital, mobile devices                              (184)
increase in adjusted ebitda                                               278
historical operating, investing, and financing activities cash and cash equivalents. we held $709 million and $645 million in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
operating activities.  net cash provided by operating activities decreased $492 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to a negative change in working capital and an increase in cash paid for interest and taxes, partly offset by an increase in adjusted ebitda and the payment of litigation settlements in 2022.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was $11.1 billion and $9.1 billion, respectively. the increase in cash used was primarily due to an increase in capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities decreased $2.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022 primarily due to a decrease in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest partly offset by a decrease in the amount by which borrowings of long-term debt exceeded repayments.
capital expenditures we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements.  capital expenditures were $11.1 billion and $9.4 billion for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase was primarily due to an increase in line extensions in connection with our subsidized rural construction initiative and continued residential and commercial network expansion. the increase in capital expenditures excluding line extensions was primarily driven by higher spend on network evolution, support capital and customer premise equipment, particularly xumo. see the table below for more details.
we currently expect full year 2024 capital expenditures to total between $12.2 billion and $12.4 billion, including line extensions of approximately $4.5 billion and network evolution spend of approximately $1.6 billion. the actual amount of capital expenditures in 2024 will depend on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the pace of our network evolution and expansion initiatives, supply chain timing and growth rates in our residential and commercial businesses.
our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. in addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures increased $172 million and $553 million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the following tables present our major capital expenditures categories in accordance with national cable and telecommunications association ("ncta") disclosure guidelines for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. these disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under gaap, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under gaap (dollars in millions):
support capital (d)                                       1,727                           1,533
capital expenditures, excluding line extensions           7,100                           6,389
total capital expenditures                              $11,115                          $9,376
subsidized rural construction initiative (f)             $1,870                          $1,504
(c)upgrade/rebuild includes costs to modify or replace existing fiber/coaxial cable networks, including our network evolution initiative which started in 2022.
(d)support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets (e.g., back-office systems, non-network equipment, land and buildings, vehicles, tools and test equipment).
(e)line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering).
(f)the subsidized rural construction initiative subcategory includes projects for which we are receiving subsidies from federal, state and local governments (for which separate reporting was initiated in 2022), excluding customer premise equipment and installation.
principal amount                     accreted value (a)        interest payment dates       maturity date (b)
credit facilities      12,413               12,359                                             varies time warner cable, llc:
(a)the accreted values presented in the table above represent the principal amount of the debt adjusted for original issue discount or premium at the time of sale, deferred financing costs, and, in regards to debt assumed in acquisitions, fair value premium adjustments as a result of applying acquisition accounting plus the accretion of those amounts to the balance sheet date. however, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. in regards to the sterling notes, the principal amount of the debt and any premium or discount is remeasured into us dollars as of each balance sheet date. we had availability under our credit facilities of approximately $5.2 billion as of december 31, 2023.
(b)in general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest.
in 2023, cco holdings and cco holdings capital corp. jointly issued $1.1 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes and charter operating and charter communications operating capital corp. jointly issued $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes. the notes were issued at varying rates, prices and maturity dates and the net proceeds were used to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, including funding buybacks of charter class a common stock and charter holdings common units as well as repaying certain indebtedness.
in 2023, charter operating entered into amendments to its credit agreement to (i) replace london interbank offering rate ("libor") as the benchmark rate applicable to the credit facilities with secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), (ii) incur a new term b-3 loan and a new term b-4 loan; and (iii) concurrently cancel certain of charter operating's existing term b-1 loan (upon assignment to charter operating and conversion into term b-4 loan) and term b-2 loan (upon assignment to charter operating), among other amendments.
see note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for further details regarding our outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt and financing arrangements. the agreements and instruments governing our debt and financing arrangements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments which are filed with the sec for more detailed information.
at december 31, 2023, charter operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the charter operating credit facilities of 5.0 to 1.0 consolidated leverage ratio and 4.0 to 1.0 consolidated first lien leverage ratio. a failure by charter operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the charter operating credit facilities and the debt of cco holdings. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity."
recently issued accounting standards see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.