item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page executive overview                            52
liquidity and capital resources               56
critical accounting estimates                 61
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist you in better understanding and evaluating the cigna group's financial condition as of december 31, 2023 compared with december 31, 2022 and our results of operations for 2023 compared with 2022 and 2021 and is intended to help you understand the ongoing trends in our business. we adopted amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts effective january 1, 2023. this md&a has been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the new basis of accounting. the impact of this amended guidance is immaterial. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2023, our u.s. commercial and u.s. government operating segments were merged to form the u.s. healthcare operating segment within the cigna healthcare reportable segment. for comparisons of our results of operations for 2022 compared with 2021, please refer to the previously filed md&a included in part ii, item 7 of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022. we encourage you to read this md&a in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k ("form 10-k") and the "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
unless otherwise indicated, financial information in this md&a is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding the company's significant accounting policies and additional information regarding the adoption of amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts effective january 1, 2023. in some of our financial tables in this md&a, we present either percentage changes or "n/m" when those changes are so large as to become not meaningful. changes in percentages are expressed in basis points ("bps").
in this md&a, our consolidated measures "adjusted income from operations," earnings per share on that same basis and "adjusted revenues" are not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable gaap measures of "shareholders' net income," "earnings per share" and "total revenues." we also use pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations and adjusted revenues to measure the results of our segments.
the company uses "pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations" and "adjusted revenues" as its principal financial measures of segment operating performance because management believes these metrics best reflect the underlying results of business operations and permit analysis of trends in underlying revenue, expenses and profitability. we define adjusted income from operations as shareholders' net income (or income before income taxes less pre-tax income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests for the segment metric) excluding net realized investment results, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and special items. the cigna group's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. adjusted income (loss) from operations is measured on an after-tax basis for consolidated results and on a pre-tax basis for segment results. consolidated adjusted income (loss) from operations is not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for the most directly comparable gaap measure, shareholders' net income. see the below financial highlights section for a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted income from operations to shareholders' net income.
the company defines adjusted revenues as total revenues excluding the following adjustments: special items and the cigna group's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. we exclude these items from this measure because management believes they are not indicative of past or future underlying performance of the business. adjusted revenues is not determined in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for the most directly comparable gaap measure, total revenues. see the below financial highlights section for a reconciliation of consolidated adjusted revenues to total revenues.
executive overview the cigna group, together with its subsidiaries (either individually or collectively referred to as the "company," "we," "us" or "our") is a global health company with a mission of helping those we serve improve their health and vitality. our subsidiaries offer a differentiated set of pharmacy, medical, behavioral, dental and related products and services. for further information on our business and strategy, see part 1, item 1, "business" of this form 10-k.
financial highlights see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of our segments. effective january 1, 2023, we adopted amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts. prior period financial highlights and results of operations have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to this new basis of accounting. the impact of this amended guidance is immaterial. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net realized investment results from certain equity method investments                                                                                                                                       (57)                             (126)                                 -                        55                                       n/m total revenues                                                                                                                                                                                           $195,265                          $180,518                          $174,069                         8         %                         4         %
special items                                                                                                                                                                                             (1,997)                             1,533                             (451)                             n/m                                 n/m income before income taxes                                                                                                                                                                                 $5,513                            $8,397                            $6,790                      (34)         %                        24         %
(1)includes the company's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting.
medical costs and other benefit expenses                                                                                              36,287                            32,184                            33,565                       4,103                        13                     (1,381)                       (4)
total benefits and expenses                                                                                                          186,729                           172,068                           166,128                      14,661                         9                       5,940                         4
special items loss (gain) on sale of businesses                                                                                                                                              1,499            1,429                         (1,662)          (1,332)                             -                -
charges (benefits) associated with litigation matters                                                                                                                            201              171                            (28)             (20)                          (27)             (21)
deferred tax (benefits), net                                                                                                                                                       -          (1,071)                               -                -                             -                -
total special items                                                                                                                                                           $1,997              757                        $(1,533)          (1,232)                          $451              279
(1)includes the company's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting.
special items loss (gain) on sale of businesses                                                                                                                                                                           5.05             4.81                        (5.31)           (4.26)                             -                -
charges (benefits) associated with litigation matters                                                                                                                                                       0.68             0.58                        (0.09)           (0.06)                        (0.08)           (0.06)
deferred tax (benefits), net                                                                                                                                                                                   -           (3.61)                             -                -                             -                -
total special items                                                                                                                                                                                        $6.73             2.55                       $(4.90)           (3.94)                         $1.32             0.82
(1)includes the company's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting.
the commentary presented below, and in the segment discussions that follow, compare results for the year ended december 31, 2023 with results for the year ended december 31, 2022.
shareholders' net income decreased 23%, reflecting the estimated loss associated with the sale of our medicare advantage, medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, medicare and other supplemental benefits and careallies businesses (the "hcsc transaction"), the absence of the gain on the sale of our life, accident and supplemental health benefits business in six countries sold on july 1, 2022 (the "chubb transaction"), partially offset by foreign deferred tax benefits recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023 as described further under "effective tax rate" below.
medical customers increased 10%, reflecting growth in fee-based customers as well as in individual and family plans and medicare advantage customers. see part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for definitions of cigna healthcare's market segments.
fees and other revenues increased 16%, primarily reflecting client growth from our continued affordability services within evernorth health services.
medical costs and other benefit expenses increased 13%, primarily reflecting insured customer growth and medical cost trend in cigna healthcare, partially offset by the impact of the chubb transaction.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 13%, primarily driven by volume-related expenses in cigna healthcare due to business growth, as well as increased investments to support the onboarding of new clients and continued advancement of our digital capabilities and care solutions in evernorth health services. increased expenses were also driven by costs reported in 2023 for an organizational efficiency plan and litigation settlements. these increases were partially offset by the impact of the chubb transaction.
(loss) / gain on sale of businesses. the loss reported in 2023 primarily reflects asset write-downs and estimated costs related to the hcsc transaction. in 2022, the reported gain reflects the impact of the chubb transaction, which closed on july 1, 2022.
the effective tax rate decreased substantially driven by foreign deferred tax benefits. also contributing to the decrease were favorable results relative to the company's foreign operations and the release of uncertain tax positions resulting from favorable audit developments. these favorable effects were partially offset by the impact of the valuation allowance recorded resulting from the hcsc transaction. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
recent events economic conditions we continue to monitor global economic conditions, including inflation, labor market dynamics and recent geopolitical events. we continue to proactively address impacts to our pricing with third parties (including vendors, health care providers and drug providers), our investment portfolio and our workforce. we are also monitoring the potential impact on client and customer health care needs.
our results of operations or cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 were not materially impacted by inflation, labor market dynamics, or recent geopolitical events. for further information regarding risks we encounter in our business due to economic conditions, see "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
conflict in the middle east the cigna group serves a limited number of customers and clients in the impacted regions in the middle east. we have not experienced significant impacts to date on our investment portfolio, financial position or results of operations. for a more complete discussion of the risks we encounter in our business, see "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
key transactions and business developments sale of medicare advantage and related businesses in january 2024, the company entered into a definitive agreement to sell the medicare advantage, medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, medicare and other supplemental benefits and careallies businesses within the u.s. healthcare operating segment to health care service corporation ("hcsc") for $3.3 billion cash, subject to applicable regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
organizational efficiency plan during the fourth quarter of 2023, the company approved a strategic realignment to drive greater operating effectiveness and efficiency. this plan positions us to be more efficient and focused to deliver differentiated value and services to our clients and customers. the company recognized a charge in selling, general and administrative expenses of $252 million, pre-tax ($193 million, after-tax). we expect substantially all of the accrued liability to be paid by the end of 2024. we expect to realize annualized after-tax savings of approximately $280 million. a significant portion of the savings is expected to be recognized in 2024. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
carepathrx health system solutions in july 2023, evernorth health, inc. acquired a minority interest in carepathrx health systems solutions ("chss"). chss provides integrated hospital pharmacy solutions to support patients across their complete health care journey. by pairing evernorth health services' diverse specialty and care expertise with chss' robust pharmacy and infusion management capabilities, technology solutions and health system relationships, we can further improve, expand and accelerate pharmacy care delivery for the growing number of patients with chronic and complex care needs. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this investment.
villagemd in 2023, the company became a minority owner in villagemd by investing $2.7 billion in villagemd preferred equity. villagemd (majority-owned by walgreens boots alliance, inc.) provides health care services for individuals and communities across the united states, with primary, multi-specialty and urgent care providers serving patients in traditional clinic settings, in patients' homes and online appointments. villagemd and its subsidiaries operate in 26 markets and are responsible for millions of patients. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this investment.
centene corporation effective january 1, 2024, evernorth health services and centene corporation ("centene") have a multi-year agreement to manage pharmacy benefit services and make prescription medications more accessible and affordable for centene's approximately 20 million customers. in addition to greater savings on prescription drugs, centene customers will also have access to express scripts' extensive national network of retail pharmacies.
medicare star quality ratings ("star ratings")
the centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") uses a star rating system to measure how well medicare advantage ("ma") plans perform. categories of measurement include quality of care and customer service. star ratings range from one to five stars. cms recognizes plans with star ratings of four stars or greater with quality bonus payments and the ability to offer enhanced benefits. on october 13, 2023, cms announced medicare star ratings for bonus payments to be received in 2025. we estimate 67% of our ma customers to be in four star or greater plans for bonus payments to be received in 2024 and 2025 (based upon the current customer mix associated with the announced star ratings). see part i, item i, "business - regulation" section of this form 10-k for further discussion of star ratings.
liquidity and capital resources financial summary for the years ended december 31,
shareholders' equity                        $46,223                         $44,675                         $46,958
liquidity we maintain liquidity at two levels: the subsidiary level and the parent company level.
•pharmacy, medical costs and other benefit payments;
•expense requirements, primarily for employee compensation and benefits, information technology and facilities costs;
our subsidiaries normally meet their liquidity requirements by:
•using cash flows from operating activities;
•matching investment durations to those estimated for the related insurance and contractholder liabilities;
•borrowing from affiliates, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
the parent company normally meets its liquidity requirements by:
•collecting dividends from its subsidiaries;
•borrowing from its subsidiaries, subject to applicable regulatory limits.
dividends from our insurance, health maintenance organization ("hmo") and certain foreign subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions. see note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these restrictions. most of the evernorth health services segment operations are not subject to regulatory restrictions regarding dividends and therefore provide significant financial flexibility to the cigna group.
with respect to our investment portfolio, we support the liquidity needs of our businesses by managing the duration of assets to be consistent with the duration of liabilities. we manage the portfolio to both optimize returns in the current economic environment and meet our liquidity needs.
net cash provided by operating activities                                 $11,813                            $8,656                            $7,191
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities:
acquisitions                                                                (447)                                 -                           (1,833)
net investing activities                                                  (5,174)                             3,098                           (3,611)
net cash (used in) financing activities:
net financing activities                                                  (4,294)                          (11,240)                           (8,212)
the following discussion explains variances in the various categories of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the same period in 2022. for comparisons of liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021, please refer to the previously filed md&a included in part ii, item 7 of our 2022 form 10-k.
operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist principally of cash receipts and disbursements for pharmacy revenues and costs, premiums, fees, investment income, taxes, benefit costs and other expenses.
operating cash flows increased for the year ended december 31, 2023 due to higher insurance related liabilities, acceleration of cash proceeds from the accounts receivable factoring facility, lower income tax payments and higher cms part d annual settlement.
investing activities the company invested $2.7 billion in villagemd in 2023. this, combined with the absence of the net $4.9 billion proceeds received from the chubb transaction in 2022, resulted in an increase in cash used in investing activities.
financing activities the company had lower share repurchases and lower net debt outflows in 2023. these factors resulted in a decrease in cash used in financing activities in 2023.
capital resources our capital resources consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and investments maintained at regulated subsidiaries required to underwrite insurance risks, cash flows from operating activities, our commercial paper program, credit agreements and the issuance of long-term debt and equity securities. our businesses generate significant cash flow from operations, some of which is subject to regulatory restrictions relative to the amount and timing of dividend payments to the parent company. dividends received from u.s. regulated subsidiaries were $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 and $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. this decrease was due in part to lower statutory earnings in 2022 and additional capital held at subsidiaries to support business growth, which is in line with our capital planning. non-regulated subsidiaries also generate significant cash flow from operating activities, which is typically available immediately to the parent company for general corporate purposes.
we prioritize our use of capital resources to:
•invest in capital expenditures, primarily related to technology to support innovative solutions for our clients and customers, provide the capital necessary to maintain or improve the financial strength ratings of subsidiaries and to repay debt and fund pension obligations if necessary;
•consider acquisitions and investments that are strategically and economically advantageous; and
•return capital to shareholders through share repurchases.
revolving credit agreements. our revolving credit agreements provide us with the ability to borrow amounts for general corporate purposes, including for the purpose of providing liquidity support if necessary under our commercial paper program discussed above.
as of december 31, 2023, the cigna group's revolving credit agreements include: a $4.0 billion five-year revolving credit and letter of credit agreement that expires in april 2028; and a $1.0 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement that expires in april 2024.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $5.0 billion of undrawn committed capacity under our revolving credit agreements (these amounts are available for general corporate purposes, including providing liquidity support for our commercial paper program), $3.8 billion of remaining capacity under our commercial paper program and $8.0 billion in cash and short-term investments, approximately $0.8 billion of which was held by the parent company or certain non-regulated subsidiaries.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our credit agreements and commercial paper program.
our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 40.1% at december 31, 2023 and 41.0% at december 31, 2022.
we actively monitor our debt obligations and engage in issuance or redemption activities as needed in accordance with our capital management strategy.
subsidiary borrowings. in addition to the sources of liquidity discussed above, the parent company can borrow an additional $2.2 billion from its subsidiaries without further approvals as of december 31, 2023.
use of capital resources long-term debt. in july 2023, we repaid $2.9 billion of senior notes at maturity.
capital expenditures. capital expenditures for property, equipment and computer software were $1.6 billion in 2023 compared to $1.3 billion in the year ended december 31, 2022. this increase reflects our continued strategic investment in technology for future growth. we expect to deploy approximately $1.5 billion in capital expenditures in 2024. anticipated capital expenditures will be funded primarily from operating cash flow.
dividends. the cigna group declared and paid quarterly cash dividends of $1.23 per share of its common stock during 2023, compared to quarterly cash dividends of $1.12 per share during 2022. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our dividend payments. on february 2, 2024, the board of directors declared the first quarter cash dividend of $1.40 per share of the cigna group common stock to be paid on march 21, 2024 to shareholders of record on march 6, 2024. the cigna group currently intends to pay regular quarterly dividends, with future declarations subject to approval by its board of directors and the board's determination that the declaration of dividends remains in the best interests of the company and its shareholders. the decision of whether to pay future dividends and the amount of any such dividends will be based on the company's financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, the requirements of applicable law and any other factors the board may deem relevant.
share repurchases. we maintain a share repurchase program authorized by our board of directors, under which we may repurchase shares of our common stock from time to time. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, general business and market conditions and alternate uses of capital. the share repurchase program may be effected through open market purchases in compliance with rule 10b-18 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), including through rule 10b5-1 trading plans or privately negotiated transactions. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
we repurchased 7.8 million shares for approximately $2.3 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 27.4 million shares for approximately $7.6 billion during the year ended december 31, 2022. in december 2023, the board increased repurchase authority by an additional $10.0 billion. we expect to repurchase $5.0 billion of common stock in the first half of 2024. a portion of this repurchase was executed in february 2024 via an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") as described below.
in february 2024, as part of our existing share repurchase program, we entered into separate asr agreements ("2024 asr agreements") with deutsche bank ag and bank of america, n.a. (collectively, the "2024 counterparties") to repurchase $3.2 billion of common stock in aggregate. we remitted $3.2 billion to the 2024 counterparties and received an initial delivery of approximately 7.6 million shares of our common stock on february 15, 2024 representing $2.6 billion of the total remitted. we expect final settlement under the 2024 asr agreements to occur in the second quarter of 2024. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our 2024 asr agreements.
including the impact of the 2024 asr agreements, from january 1, 2024 through february 28, 2024, we repurchased 10.1 million shares for approximately $4.0 billion. share repurchase authority was $7.3 billion as of february 28, 2024.
strategic investments. in 2023, we became a minority owner in villagemd by investing $2.7 billion in villagemd preferred equity. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this investment. in july 2023, evernorth health, inc. acquired a minority interest in chss. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this investment.
pension plans. our pension plans were overfunded by $204 million and $238 million as of december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022, respectively, and reported in other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. in 2023, we made immaterial contributions to the qualified pension plans as required under the pension protection act of 2006 and we expect the required contributions for 2024 to be immaterial. see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other sources of funds and uses of capital resources divestiture. in january 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the medicare advantage, medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, medicare and other supplemental benefits and careallies businesses within the u.s. healthcare operating segment to hcsc, subject to applicable regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2025 and provide approximately $3.7b in transaction proceeds, which consists primarily of cash proceeds. following the completion of the sale, we anticipate use of the proceeds in alignment with our capital deployment priorities, with the majority allocated to share repurchases.
concurrent with the debt issuance, we commenced tender offers to purchase for cash up to $2.25 billion in aggregate principal amount of outstanding notes, which included any and all of the $1.0 billion senior notes due june 2024. following the early tender results, we increased the tender offers to up to $2.55 billion aggregate principal amount. on february 22, 2024, we purchased $1.8 billion principal amount of notes at early settlement of the tender offers. the tender offers will expire on march 5, 2024.
risks to liquidity and capital resources risks to our liquidity and capital resources outlook include cash projections that may not be realized and the demand for funds could exceed available cash if our ongoing businesses experience unexpected shortfalls in earnings or we experience material adverse effects from one or more risks or uncertainties described more fully in the "risk factors" section of this form 10-k. though we believe we have adequate sources of liquidity, significant disruption or volatility in the capital and credit markets could affect our ability to access those markets for additional borrowings or increase costs.
the company adopted amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts effective january 1, 2023, which impacted the amounts presented in our consolidated balance sheets. within our consolidated financial statements, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of this accounting change and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of the insurance liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets as well as future expected cash flow information. with the adoption of amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts and enhanced disclosure within note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, we will no longer present additional information regarding insurance liabilities within this section.
◦total scheduled payments on long-term debt are $44.8 billion, which include scheduled interest payments and maturities of long-term debt. this excludes any impact from our february 2024 debt issuance and debt tender offers transactions as described above.
◦we expect $2.8 billion of long-term debt payments (including scheduled interest payments) to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2024.
◦see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding principal maturities of long-term debt.
•other non-current liabilities
◦these include approximately $335 million of estimated payments (of which we expect $52 million to be paid in the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2024) for other postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations, reinsurance liabilities, supplemental and deferred compensation plans and interest rate and foreign currency swap contracts.
◦in connection with our equity method investment in carepathrx health systems solutions ("chss"), we guaranteed chss's credit facilities. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
◦these include operating lease payments of $497 million (of which we expect $110 million of operating lease payments to be due within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2024).
◦see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
•uncertain tax positions
◦in the event we are unable to sustain all of our $1.4 billion of uncertain tax positions, it could result in future tax payments of approximately $950 million. we are adequately reserved for such positions. as a result, there is minimal direct risk to earnings should we fail to sustain our positions. we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of such future payments.
◦see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on uncertain tax positions.
◦these include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding. purchase obligations exclude contracts that are cancellable without penalty and those that do not contractually require minimum levels of goods or services to be purchased.
◦as of december 31, 2023, purchase obligations consisted of a total of $4.3 billion of estimated payments required under contractual arrangements (of which we expect $1.3 billion of purchase obligations to be paid within the next twelve months beginning january 1, 2024). this includes:
▪$2.8 billion of investment commitments (of which we expect $0.7 billion of the committed amounts to be disbursed in 2024).
▪$1.5 billion of future service commitments (of which we expect $0.6 billion of the committed amounts to be disbursed in 2024), primarily comprised of contracts for certain outsourced business processes and information technology maintenance and support.
◦see note 12 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information on investment commitments.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if:
•it requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and
•changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
management has discussed how critical accounting estimates are developed and selected with the audit committee of our board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosures presented in this form 10-k. we regularly evaluate items that may impact critical accounting estimates.
in addition to the estimates presented in the following tables, the notes to the consolidated financial statements describe other estimates that management has made in preparation of the financial statements. management believes the current assumptions used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience significantly differs from the assumptions used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and in certain situations, could have a material adverse effect on liquidity and our financial condition. the tables below present the adverse impacts of certain possible changes in assumptions. the effect of assumption changes in the opposite direction would be a positive impact to our consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial condition, except for assessing impairment of goodwill.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of the cost of businesses acquired over the fair value of their net assets at the acquisition date. intangible assets primarily reflect the value of customer relationships and other intangibles acquired in business combinations.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            we completed our normal annual evaluations for impairment of goodwill and intangible assets during the third quarter of 2023, as well as additional qualitative and quantitative tests as required by gaap. the evaluations support that as of december 31, 2023, the fair value estimates of our reporting units exceed their carrying values by sufficient margins. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions, including macroeconomic factors, government legislation, changes in the competitive landscape or other market conditions could impact our ability to achieve profitability projections. if we consistently do not achieve our earnings and cash flow projections or our cost of capital rises significantly, the assumptions and estimates underlying the goodwill and intangible asset impairment evaluations could be adversely affected and result in future impairment charges that would negatively impact our operating results and financial position.
fair values of reporting units are estimated based on discounted cash flow analysis and market approach models using assumptions that we believe a hypothetical market participant would use to determine a current transaction price. the significant assumptions and estimates used in determining fair value primarily include the discount rate and future cash flows. a discount rate is selected to correspond with each reporting unit's weighted average cost of capital, consistent with that used for investment decisions considering the specific and detailed operating plans and strategies within each reporting unit. projections of future cash flows differ by reporting unit and are consistent with our ongoing strategic projections. future cash flows for evernorth health services are primarily driven by the forecasted gross margins of the business, as well as operating expenses and long-term growth rates. future cash flows for our other reporting units are primarily driven by forecasted revenues, benefit expenses, operating expenses and long-term growth rates.
the fair value of intangibles and the amortization method were determined using an income approach that relies on projected future cash flows including key assumptions for customer attrition and discount rates. management revises amortization periods if it believes there has been a change in the length of time that an intangible asset will continue to have value.
the company conducts its quantitative evaluation for goodwill impairment at least annually during the third quarter at the reporting unit level and performs qualitative impairment assessments on a quarterly basis to determine if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, following the change in operating segment discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, u.s. government's goodwill was merged with u.s commercial's goodwill. certain businesses within the u.s. healthcare operating segment were designated as held for sale (see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements).
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate income taxes - uncertain tax positions we evaluate tax positions to determine whether the benefits are more likely than not to be sustained on audit based on their technical merits. the company establishes a liability if the probability that the position will be sustained is 50% or less. for uncertain positions that management believes are more likely than not to be sustained, the company recognizes a liability based upon management's estimate of the most likely settlement outcome with the taxing authority. these amounts primarily relate to federal and state uncertain positions of the value and timing of deductions and uncertain positions of attributing taxable income to states.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the factors that could impact our estimates of uncertain tax positions include the likelihood of being sustained upon audit based on the technical merits of the tax position and related assumed interest and penalties. if our positions are upheld upon audit, our net income would increase.
balances that are included in the consolidated balance sheets within accrued expenses and other liabilities are as follows (in millions): ·2023 - $1,399 ·2022 - $1,343 see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion around uncertain tax positions and the liquidity and capital resources section of this md&amp;a for a discussion of their potential impact on liquidity.
income taxes - valuation allowance deferred income taxes are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for differences between the financial and income tax reporting bases of the company's underlying assets and liabilities, and are established based upon enacted tax rates and laws. deferred income tax assets are recognized when available evidence indicates that realization is more likely than not and a valuation allowance is established to the extent this standard is not met. in 2023, the company recorded a valuation allowance related to various foreign deferred tax assets in the amount of $772 million as well as a valuation allowance of $584 million related to the tax benefit associated with the sale of the medicare advantage and related businesses. it is possible that the realization of deferred tax assets may change due to changes in forecasted future earnings in various foreign jurisdictions or the company's ability to generate future capital gains.       the factors that could impact our estimates of valuation allowances include changes in forecasted future earnings in foreign jurisdictions and the company's future ability to generate capital gains. decreases in our valuation allowance would increase net income, while increases in our valuation allowance would decrease net income.
valuation allowances that are included in the consolidated balance sheets within deferred tax liabilities, net are as follows (in millions):
see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion around valuation allowances.
balance sheet caption /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  effect if different assumptions used nature of critical accounting estimate unpaid claims and claim expenses - cigna healthcare unpaid claims and claim expenses reflects estimates of the ultimate cost of claims that have been incurred but not reported, expected development on reported claims, claims that have been reported but not yet paid (reported claims in process) and other medical care expenses and services payable that are primarily comprised of accruals for incentives and other amounts payable to health care professionals and facilities. unpaid claims and claim expenses in cigna healthcare are primarily impacted by assumptions related to completion factors and medical cost trend. variation of actual results from either assumption could impact the unpaid claims balance as noted below. a large number of factors may cause the medical cost trend to vary from the company's estimates, including: changes in health management practices, changes in the level and mix of benefits offered and services utilized and changes in medical practices. completion factors may be affected if actual claims submission rates from providers differ from estimates (that can be influenced by a number of factors, including provider mix and electronic versus manual submissions), or if changes to the company's internal claims processing patterns occur. unpaid claims and claim expenses for the cigna healthcare segment as of december 31 were as follows (in millions): ·2023 - gross $5,092; net $4,856·2022 - gross $4,176; net $3,955 these liabilities are presented above both gross and net of reinsurance and other recoverables. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding assumptions and methods used to estimate this liability.                                              based on studies of our claim experience, it is reasonably possible that a 100 basis point change in the medical cost trend and a 50 basis point change in completion factors could occur in the near term. a 100 basis point increase in the medical cost trend rate would increase this liability by approximately $90 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $70 million after-tax, and a 50 basis point decrease in completion factors would increase this liability by approximately $180 million, resulting in a decrease in net income of approximately $140 million after-tax.
valuation of debt security investments most debt securities are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareholders' equity. fair value is defined as the price at which an asset could be exchanged in an orderly transaction between market participants at the balance sheet date. determining fair value for a financial instrument requires management judgment. the degree of judgment involved generally correlates to the level of pricing readily observable in the markets. financial instruments with quoted prices in active markets or with market observable inputs to determine fair value, such as public securities, generally require less judgment. conversely, private placements including more complex securities that are traded infrequently are typically measured using pricing models that require more judgment as to the inputs and assumptions used to estimate fair value. there may be a number of alternative inputs to select based on an understanding of the issuer, the structure of the security and overall market conditions. in addition, these factors are inherently variable in nature as they change frequently in response to market conditions. approximately 60% of our debt securities are public securities and approximately 40% are private placement securities. typically, the most significant input in the measurement of fair value is the market interest rate used to discount the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. such market rates are derived by calculating the appropriate spreads over comparable u.s. treasury securities, based on the credit quality, industry and structure of the asset.        if the derived market rates used to calculate fair value increased by 100 basis points, the fair value of the total debt security portfolio of $9.9 billion would decrease by approximately $0.6 billion, resulting in an after-tax decrease to shareholders' equity of approximately $0.5 billion as of december 31, 2023.
balances that are included in the consolidated balance sheets within investments and long-term investments are as follows, inclusive of amounts held for sale as of december 31, 2023 (in millions):
see notes 12a. and 13 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our fair value measurements, the procedures performed by management to determine that the amounts represent appropriate estimates and our accounting policy regarding unrealized appreciation on debt securities.
in segment discussions, we present "adjusted revenues" and "pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations," defined as income (loss) before income taxes excluding pre-tax income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net realized investment results, amortization of acquired intangible assets and special items. the cigna group's share of certain realized investment results of its joint ventures reported in the cigna healthcare segment using the equity method of accounting are also excluded. special items are matters that management believes are not representative of the underlying results of operations due to their nature or size. ratios presented in this segment discussion exclude the same items as adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these metrics and a reconciliation of income before income taxes to pre-tax adjusted income from operations, as well as a reconciliation of total revenues to adjusted revenues. note 25 to the consolidated financial statements also explains that segment revenues include both external revenues and sales between segments that are eliminated in corporate.
evernorth health services segment evernorth health services partners with health plans, employers, governmental organizations and health care providers to solve challenges in the areas of pharmacy benefits, home delivery pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, specialty distribution, and care delivery and management solutions. as described in the introduction to segment reporting, evernorth health services' performance is measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income (loss) from operations.
the key factors that impact evernorth health services' pharmacy revenues, fees and other revenues and pharmacy and other service costs are volume, mix of claims and price. these key factors are discussed further below. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k for additional information on revenue and cost recognition policies for this segment.
•as our clients' claim volumes increase or decrease, our resulting revenues and cost of revenues correspondingly increase or decrease. our gross profit, defined as total revenues less pharmacy and other service costs, could also increase or decrease as a result of changes in purchasing discounts.
•the mix of claims generally considers the type of drug and distribution method used for dispensing and fulfilling. types of drugs can have an impact on our pharmacy revenues, pharmacy and other service costs and gross profit, including amounts payable under certain financial and performance guarantees with our clients. in addition to the types of drugs, the mix of generic claims (i.e., generic fill rate) also impacts our gross profit. generally, higher generic fill rates reduce revenues, as generic drugs are typically priced lower than the branded drugs they replace. however, as ingredient cost paid to pharmacies on generic drugs is incrementally lower than the price charged to our clients, higher generic fill rates generally have a favorable impact on our gross profit. the home delivery generic fill rate is currently lower than the network generic fill rate as fewer generic substitutions are available among maintenance medications (such as therapies for chronic conditions) commonly dispensed from home delivery pharmacies as compared to acute medications that are primarily dispensed by pharmacies in our retail networks. furthermore, our gross profit differs among network, home delivery and specialty distribution methods and can impact our profitability.
•our client contract pricing is impacted by our ongoing ability to negotiate favorable contracts for pharmacy network, pharmaceutical and wholesaler purchasing and manufacturer rebates on our clients' behalf. through these affordability services, we seek to improve the effectiveness of our integrated solutions for the benefit of our clients by continuously innovating, improving affordability and implementing drug purchasing contract initiatives. our revenues, cost of revenues and gross profit could increase or decrease as a result of these affordability services. pharmaceutical manufacturer inflation also impacts our pricing because most of our contracts provide that we bill clients and pay pharmacies based on a generally recognized price index for pharmaceuticals. therefore, the rate of inflation for prescription drugs and our efforts to manage this inflation for our clients continues to be a significant driver of our revenues and cost of revenues in the current environment.
in this md&a, we present revenues and gross profit, as well as adjusted revenues and adjusted gross profit, consistent with our segment reporting metrics, which exclude special items.
gross profit (2)                                                                   $9,928                            $9,051                      $8,408                        $877                        10       %                $643                         8       %
adjusted gross profit (1),(2)                                                      $9,928                            $9,051                      $8,408                        $877                        10       %                $643                         8       %
(1)total revenues and gross profit were equal to adjusted revenues and adjusted gross profit as there were no special items in the periods presented.
(2)gross profit and adjusted gross profit are calculated as total revenues or adjusted revenues less pharmacy and other service costs.
other pharmacy revenues increased 34%, reflecting higher volume from our curascript specialty distribution business, which distributes pharmaceuticals and medical supplies directly to health care providers, clinics and hospitals.
adjusted fees and other revenues increased 51%, reflecting client growth in care delivery and management solutions, including cross-enterprise leverage, primarily driven by our behavioral health and evicore healthcare solutions, and client growth from our continued affordability services.
adjusted gross profit increased 10%, and pre-tax adjusted income from operations increased 5%, reflecting continued affordability improvements and growth in specialty pharmacy, partially offset by increased strategic investments to support the onboarding of new clients and continued advancement of our digital capabilities and care solutions.
the adjusted expense ratio increased 20 bps, reflecting increased strategic investments to support the onboarding of new clients and continued advancement of our digital capabilities and care solutions.
•percentage of medicare advantage customers in plans eligible for quality bonus payments;
effective january 1, 2023, we adopted amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts. for the cigna healthcare segment, prior period results of operations have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to this new basis of accounting. the impact of this amended guidance is immaterial. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in january 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the medicare advantage, medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, medicare and other supplemental benefits and careallies businesses within the u.s. healthcare operating segment to health care service corporation for $3.3 billion cash, subject to applicable regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the medical care ratio decreased 40 bps, primarily due to a lower u.s. healthcare medical care ratio, reflecting improved stop loss results, effective pricing execution and affordability initiatives.
medical customers a medical customer is defined as a person meeting any one of the following criteria:
(1)international health excludes medical customers served by less than 100% owned subsidiaries, as well as certain customers served by our third-party administrator. international health customers as of december 31, 2023 reflect the transition of certain run-off business to other operations beginning january 1, 2023.
see part i, item 1 of this form 10-k for definitions of cigna healthcare's market segments.
our unpaid claims and claim expenses liability increased 22%, driven by customer growth, primarily within our individual and family plans business.
other operations other operations includes corporate owned life insurance ("coli") and the company's run-off operations. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these operations. in the prior periods, other operations also included the international businesses sold in july 2022 and our interest in a joint venture in türkiye sold in december 2022. as described in the introduction of segment reporting, performance of other operations is measured using adjusted revenues and pre-tax adjusted income from operations.
effective january 1, 2023, we adopted amended accounting guidance for long-duration insurance contracts. for the other operations segment, prior period results of operations have been retrospectively adjusted to conform to this new basis of accounting. the impact of this amended guidance is immaterial. prior period results related to long-duration contracts sold in the chubb transaction and our divested interest in a joint venture in türkiye were not adjusted (as permitted by asu 2022-05). see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosure of our long-duration insurance contracts and note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the adoption of this amended guidance.
corporate corporate reflects amounts not allocated to operating segments, including net interest expense (defined as interest on corporate financing less net investment income on investments not supporting segment and other operations), certain litigation matters, expense associated with our frozen pension plans, charitable contributions, operating severance, certain overhead and enterprise-wide project costs and eliminations for products and services sold between segments.
investment assets the following table presents our investment asset portfolio excluding separate account assets. additional information regarding our investment assets is included in notes 12, 13, 14 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
debt securities                                                                       $9,855                        $9,872
equity securities                                                                      3,362                           622
(1) investments related to the hcsc transaction that were held for sale as of december 31, 2023. these investments were primarily comprised of debt securities and commercial mortgage loans, and to a lesser extent, other long term investments.
investment outlook we continue to actively monitor economic conditions including the impact of inflation, higher interest rates and the potential for a recession on the investment portfolio. although there has been very limited impact to date on our investment portfolio as a result of 2023 economic and geopolitical events, including banking system stress, we continue to monitor ongoing developments and the
potential impact of 2023 events on the portfolio. future realized and unrealized investment results will be driven largely by market conditions and these future conditions are not reasonably predictable. we believe that the vast majority of our investments will continue to perform under their contractual terms. we manage the portfolio for long-term economics and therefore we expect to hold a significant portion of these assets for the long term. the following discussion addresses the strategies and risks associated with our various classes of investment assets. although future declines in investment fair values remain possible due to interest rate movements and credit deterioration due to both investment-specific uncertainties and global economic uncertainties as discussed below, we do not expect these losses to have a material unfavorable effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
debt securities investments in debt securities include publicly traded and privately placed bonds, mortgage and other asset-backed securities and preferred stocks redeemable by the investor. these investments are classified as available for sale and are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. additional information regarding valuation methodologies, key inputs and controls is included in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following table reflects our portfolio of debt securities by type of issuer:
the carrying value of our debt securities portfolio was flat during the year ended december 31, 2023 reflecting net sales activity offset by a valuation increase due to declining market interest rates. our portfolio remains in a net unrealized depreciation position due to generally increasing interest rates over the last several quarters. more detailed information about debt securities by type of issuer, maturity dates and net unrealized position is included in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2023, $8.3 billion, or 84%, of the debt securities in our investment portfolio were investment grade (baa and above, or equivalent) and the remaining $1.6 billion were below investment grade. the majority of the bonds that are below investment grade were rated at the higher end of the non-investment grade spectrum. these quality characteristics have not materially changed since the prior year and remain consistent with our investment strategy.
debt securities include private placement assets of $4.0 billion. these investments are generally less marketable than publicly traded bonds; however, yields on these investments tend to be higher than yields on publicly traded bonds with comparable credit risk. we perform a credit analysis of each issuer and require financial and other covenants that allow us to monitor issuers for deteriorating financial strength and pursue remedial actions, if warranted.
investments in debt securities are diversified by issuer, geography and industry. on an aggregate basis, the debt securities portfolio continues to perform according to original expectations, which includes a long-term economic investment strategy. elevated global inflation, higher interest rates, continuing supply chain disruptions and potential fallout from the stress in the banking system are the primary risks that many of the issuers in our portfolio are facing. to date, most issuers have been successful in managing the cost escalation and product shortages without undue margin pressure. we continue to monitor the economic environment and its effect on our portfolio and consider the impact of various factors in determining the allowance for credit losses on debt securities, which is discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial mortgage loans as of december 31, 2023, our $1.5 billion commercial mortgage loan portfolio consisted of approximately 50 fixed-rate loans, diversified by property type, location and borrower. these loans are carried in our consolidated balance sheets at their unpaid principal balance, net of an allowance for expected credit losses. as a result of increasing market interest rates since the majority of these loans were made, the carrying value exceeds the market value of these loans as of december 31, 2023. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. given the quality and diversity of the underlying real estate, positive debt service coverage and significant borrower cash invested in the property generally ranging between 30 and 40%, we remain confident that the vast majority of borrowers will continue to perform as expected under their contract terms. for further discussion of the results and changes in key loan metrics, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
loans are secured by high quality commercial properties, located in strong institutional markets and are generally made at approximately 65% of the property's value at origination of the loan. property value, debt service coverage, quality, building tenancy and stability of cash flows are all important financial underwriting considerations. we hold no direct residential mortgage loans and do not originate or service securitized mortgage loans.
we assess the credit quality of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio annually, generally in the second quarter by reviewing each holding's most recent financial statements, rent rolls, budgets and relevant market reports. the review performed in the second quarter of 2023 confirmed ongoing strong overall credit quality in line with the previous year's results. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our key credit quality indicators for commercial mortgage loans.
office sector fundamentals have been and continue to be weak and values are experiencing stress due to multiple headwinds: expanded work from home flexibility, shorter term leases, elevated tenant improvement allowances and corporate migration to lower cost states. additionally, the current macroeconomic headwinds are impacting capital markets and reducing investor appetite for capital intensive assets (e.g., offices and regional shopping malls). our commercial mortgage loan portfolio has no exposure to regional shopping malls and less than 30% exposure to office properties. although future losses remain possible due to further credit deterioration, we do not expect these losses to have a material unfavorable effect on our financial condition or liquidity.
other long-term investments other long-term investments of $4.2 billion as of december 31, 2023 included investments in securities limited partnerships and real estate limited partnerships, direct investments in real estate joint ventures and other deposit activity that is required to support various insurance and health services businesses. accounting policies for these investments are discussed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. the increase in other long-term investments of $0.5 billion since december 31, 2022 is primarily driven by net additional funding activity. these limited partnership entities typically invest in mezzanine debt or equity of privately-held companies and equity real estate. given our subordinate position in the capital structure of these underlying entities, we assume a higher level of risk for higher expected returns. to mitigate risk, these investments are diversified across approximately 200 separate partnerships and 100 general partners who manage one or more of these partnerships. also, the underlying investments are diversified by industry sector or property type and geographic region. no single partnership investment exceeded 4% of our securities and real estate limited partnership portfolio.
income from our limited partnership investments is generally reported on a one quarter lag due to the timing of when financial information is received from the general partner or manager of the investments. we expect continued volatility in private equity and real estate fund performance going forward as fair market valuations are adjusted to reflect market and portfolio transactions. less than 4% of our other long-term investments are exposed to real estate in the office sector.
we participate in an insurance joint venture in china with a 50% ownership interest. we account for this joint venture under the equity method of accounting and report our share of the net assets of $0.2 billion in other assets. our 50% share of the investment portfolio supporting the joint venture's liabilities is approximately $11.7 billion as of december 31, 2023. these investments were comprised of approximately 75% debt securities, including government and corporate debt diversified by issuer, industry and geography; 15% equities, including mutual funds, equity securities and private equity partnerships; and 10% long-term deposits and policy loans. we continuously review the joint venture's investment strategy and its execution. there were no investments with a material unrealized loss as of december 31, 2023.
market risk financial instruments our assets and liabilities include financial instruments subject to the risk of potential losses from adverse changes in market rates and prices. consistent with disclosure requirements, the following items have been excluded from this consideration of market risk for financial instruments:
•changes in the fair values of insurance-related assets and liabilities as disclosed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements because their primary risks are insurance rather than market risk;
•changes in the fair values of investments recorded using the equity method of accounting and liabilities for pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans (and related assets); and
•changes in the fair values of other significant assets and liabilities, such as goodwill, deferred policy acquisition costs, taxes and various accrued liabilities. because they are not financial instruments, their primary risks are other than market risk.
excluding the items noted in the paragraph above, our primary market risk exposure from financial instruments is our interest-rate risk exposure to fixed-rate, medium-term instruments. changes in market interest rates affect the value of instruments that promise a fixed return. following increased investments in equity securities during 2023, primarily as a result of our investment in villagemd, our exposure to equity price risk has increased.
•investment/liability matching. we generally select investment assets with characteristics (such as duration, yield, currency and liquidity) that correspond to the underlying characteristics of our related insurance and contractholder liabilities so that we can match the investments to our obligations. shorter-term investments generally support shorter-term life and health liabilities. medium-term, fixed-rate investments support interest-sensitive and health liabilities. longer-term investments generally support products with longer payout periods such as annuities.
•use of derivatives. we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our primary market risks. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments.
effect of market fluctuations we determine the sensitivity of market risk for our fixed income financial instruments, including debt securities and commercial mortgage loans, by estimating the present value of future cash flows using duration modeling and applying a 100 basis point increase in interest rates. the sensitivity of market risk for equity securities is determined by applying a 10% decrease in market prices. the effect of these hypothetical changes in market rates or prices on the fair value of certain financial instruments, subject to the exclusions noted above (particularly insurance liabilities), would have been as follows:
10% decrease in market prices for equity securities                                       $0.3                                   $0.1
in the event of a hypothetical 100 basis point increase in interest rates, the fair value of the company's long-term debt would decrease approximately $1.8 billion at both december 31, 2023 and december 31, 2022. changes in the fair value of our long-term debt do not impact our financial position or operating results since long-term debt is not required to be recorded at fair value. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about the company's debt.