management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" we commonly discuss the following key operating metrics which we believe will drive our financial results and long-term growth model. we believe these metrics are useful to investors because management uses these metrics to assess the growth of our business and the effectiveness of our marketing and operational strategies:
sales trends. comparable restaurant sales increased 7.9% for the year ended december 31, 2023. the increase is primarily attributable to higher transactions and, to a lesser extent, an increase in average check. comparable restaurant sales represent the change in period-over-period total revenue for restaurants in operation for at least 13 full calendar months. digital sales represented 37.4% of total food and beverage revenue.
restaurant development. during the year ended december 31, 2023, we opened 271 new restaurants, which included 238 restaurants with a chipotlane. we expect to open approximately 285-315 new restaurants in 2024 (including 5 to 10 relocations), which assumes developer, permit, inspection, and utility delays do not worsen. we expect that at least 80% of our new restaurants will include a chipotlane.
cultivate next fund. our cultivate next fund is a venture formed to make early-stage investments into strategically aligned companies that further our mission to cultivate a better world. the fund has an initial size of $50.0 million, which is financed almost entirely by chipotle. as of december 31, 2023, we have made $33.0 million in investments through this fund. in december 2023, our board approved an additional $50.0 million financial commitment to this fund. as of december 31, 2023, none of this additional $50.0 million has been invested.
restaurant activity the following table details restaurant unit data for the years indicated.
beginning in april 2024, california legislation will require national restaurant chains, including chipotle, to pay a minimum $20 per hour wage to restaurant workers in california this will increase wages in california nearly 20% and will result in wage inflation increasing from the low to mid-single digit range to the mid-single-digit range. we expect to increase menu prices in california to mitigate higher wage costs resulting from this legislation.
occupancy costs decreased 0.2% as a percentage of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to sales leverage, partially offset by increased rent expense associated with new restaurants.
outside services related to corporate initiatives                                 14.5
depreciation and amortization decreased 0.1% as a percentage of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to sales leverage, partially offset by increased depreciation expense associated with new restaurants and, to a lesser extent, the reduction of useful lives for certain leasehold improvements.
impairment, closure costs, and asset disposals increased in dollar terms for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to elevated impairment of operating lease assets and leasehold improvements and higher charges related to the replacement of certain leasehold improvements and, to a lesser extent, the replacement of certain kitchen equipment. these elevated impairments include the impact of closing all pizzeria locale restaurants.
interest and other income, net increased in dollar terms for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to increased interest income on our investments in u.s. treasury securities, money market funds and time deposits, partially offset by a gain on our investments in tractor beverages, inc. of $10.4 million recognized in the second quarter of 2022.
*not meaningful the effective income tax rate increased 0.3% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the year ended december 31, 2022, primarily due to a 0.4% decrease in excess tax benefits from equity vesting and exercises.
quarterly financial data/seasonality seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. historically, our average daily restaurant sales and net income are lower in the first and fourth quarters due, in part, to the holiday season and because fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (the winter months) than during periods of mild or warm weather (the spring, summer and fall months). other factors also have a seasonal effect on our results. for example, restaurants located near colleges and universities generally do more business during the academic year. seasonal factors, however, might be moderated or outweighed by other factors that may influence our quarterly results, such as unexpected publicity impacting our business in a positive or negative way, worldwide health pandemics, impact of inflation on consumer spending, fluctuations in food or packaging costs, or the timing of menu price increases or promotional activities and other marketing initiatives. the number of trading days in a quarter can also affect our results, although, on an overall annual basis, changes in trading days do not have a significant impact.
our quarterly results are also affected by other factors such as the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and related tax rate impacts, litigation, settlement costs and related legal expenses, impairment charges and non-operating costs, timing of marketing or promotional expenses, the number and timing of new restaurants opened in a quarter, and closure of restaurants. new restaurants typically have higher operating costs following opening because of the expenses associated with their opening and operating inefficiencies in the months immediately following opening. accordingly, results for a particular quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year.
liquidity and capital resources cash and investments as of december 31, 2023, we had a cash and marketable investments balance of $1.8 billion, non-marketable investments of $75.4 million, and $25.6 million of restricted cash. after funding the current operations in our restaurants and support centers, the first planned use of our cash flow from operations is to provide capital for the continued investment in new restaurant construction. in addition to continuing to invest in our restaurant expansion, we expect to utilize cash flow from operations to: repurchase additional shares of our common stock subject to market conditions; invest in, maintain, and refurbish our existing restaurants; and for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2023, $424.1 million remained available for repurchases of shares of our common stock, which includes the $200.0 million additional authorization approved by our board of directors on december 14, 2023. under the remaining repurchase authorizations, shares may be purchased from time to time in open market transactions, subject to market conditions.
borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2023, we had $500.0 million of undrawn borrowing capacity under a line of credit facility.
use of cash we believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. assuming no significant declines in comparable restaurant sales, we expect we will generate positive cash flow for the foreseeable future.
we have not required significant working capital because customers generally pay using cash or credit and debit cards and because our operations do not require significant receivables, nor do they require significant inventories due, in part, to our use of various fresh ingredients. in addition, we generally have the right to pay for the purchase of food, beverages and supplies sometime after the receipt of those items, generally within ten days, thereby reducing the need for incremental working capital to support our growth.
our total capital expenditures for 2023 were $560.7 million. in 2023, we spent on average about $1.4 million in development and construction costs per new restaurant, or about $1.2 million net of landlord reimbursements of $0.2 million. in 2024, we expect to incur about $635.0 million in total capital expenditures. we expect approximately $430.0 million in capital expenditures related to our construction of new restaurants, before any reductions for landlord reimbursements. for new restaurants to be opened in 2024, we anticipate average development costs will remain consistent with 2023. we expect approximately $130.0 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants including remodeling and similar improvements, new equipment and hardware, technology to optimize efficiencies. finally, we expect a portion of our incurred capital expenditures to be for additional corporate initiatives including investments in technology to boost innovation, enhance the guest experience, and improve operations.
the following table summarizes current and long-term material cash requirements as of december 31, 2023, which we expect to fund primarily with operating cash flows:
(1)see note 9. "leases" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data." this includes commitments related to reasonably certain renewal periods.
(2)purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms. we have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty. the majority of our purchase obligations relate to food, beverage and packaging, capital projects, information technology, marketing initiatives and corporate sponsorships, and other miscellaneous items.
the above table does not include income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions for which we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of related future payments. additionally, we have excluded our estimated loss contingencies, due to uncertainty regarding the timing and amount of payment. see note 11. "commitments and contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data."
cash flows cash provided by operating activities was $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase was primarily due to higher net earnings and, to a lesser extent, net cash changes in non-tax operating assets and liabilities.
cash used in investing activities was $946.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $830.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the change was primarily associated with increased capital expenditures of $81.6 million primarily related to costs associated with new restaurant development and, to a lesser extent, a $34.4 million increase in investment purchases net of investment maturities.
cash used in financing activities was $660.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $929.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the change was primarily due to decreased treasury stock repurchases of $237.8 million and, to a lesser extent, $29.8 million of lower payments of tax withholdings related to stock-based compensation.
critical accounting estimates we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1. "description of business and summary of significant accounting policies" of our consolidated financial statements included in item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data." critical accounting estimates are those that we believe are both significant and that require us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we need to estimate the effect of inherently uncertain matters. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experiences and various other factors that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates, and we might obtain different estimates if we used different assumptions or factors.
leases the majority of our operating leases consist of restaurant locations and office space. we determine if a contract contains a lease at inception. our leases generally have remaining terms of 1-20 years and most include options to extend the leases for additional 5-year periods. generally, the lease term is the minimum of the noncancelable period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain renewal periods up to a term of 20 years. if the estimate of our reasonably certain lease term was changed, our depreciation and rent expense could differ materially.
operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date, which is the date we control the use of the property. operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet paid. we made the policy election to combine lease and non-lease components. we consider fixed common area maintenance ("cam") part of our fixed future lease payments; therefore, fixed cam is also included in our operating lease liability. operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease assets. to determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, we estimate incremental borrowing rates corresponding to the reasonably certain lease term. as we have no outstanding debt nor committed credit facilities, secured or otherwise, we estimate this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and management judgment. if the estimate of our incremental borrowing rate was changed, our operating lease assets and liabilities could differ materially.
the estimation of the standalone selling price of points and other rewards issued to customers involves several assumptions, primarily the estimated value of product for which the reward is expected to be redeemed and the probability that the points or reward will expire. our estimate of points and other rewards we expect to be redeemed is based on historical company specific data. these inputs are subject to change over time due to factors such as menu price increases, changes in point redemption options and changes in customer behavior. a relative increase of 100 basis points in our estimated ultimate redemption rate for future redemptions would have resulted in a reduction of food and beverage revenue on our consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income of approximately $0.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2023.
gift cards we sell gift cards, which do not have expiration dates, and we do not deduct non-usage fees from outstanding gift card balances. gift card balances are initially recorded as unearned revenue. we recognize revenue from gift cards when the gift card is redeemed by the customer. historically, the majority of gift cards are redeemed within one year. in addition, a portion of gift cards are not expected to be redeemed and will be recognized as breakage over time in proportion to gift card redemptions ("gift card breakage rate"). the gift card breakage rate is based on company and program specific information, including historical redemption patterns, and expected remittance to government agencies under unclaimed property laws, if applicable. we evaluate our gift card breakage rate estimate annually, or more frequently as circumstances warrant, and apply that rate to gift card redemptions. a relative decrease of 100 basis points to our gift card breakage rate would have resulted in a reduction of food and beverage revenue on our consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income of approximately $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2023.
impairment of long-lived assets long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. long-lived assets are grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. for restaurant assets, we test impairment at the individual restaurant asset group level, which includes leasehold improvements, property and equipment and operating lease assets.
the fair value measurement for asset impairment is generally based on level 3 inputs. we first compare the carrying value of the asset (or asset group, referred interchangeably throughout as asset) to the asset's estimated future undiscounted cash flows. if the estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we determine if we have an impairment loss by comparing the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of the asset is generally determined using the income approach to measure the fair value, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. key inputs to the income approach for restaurant assets include the discount rate, projected revenue and expenses, and sublease income if we are closing the restaurant. in certain cases, management uses other market information, when available, to estimate the fair value of an asset. the impairment charges represent the excess of each asset's carrying amount over its estimated fair value and are allocated among the long-lived asset or assets of the group.
our estimates of future revenues and expenses are highly subjective judgments based on internal projections and knowledge of our operations, historical performance, and trends in sales and restaurant operating costs, and can be significantly impacted by changes in our business or economic conditions. the determination of asset fair value is also subject to significant judgment and utilizes valuation techniques including discounting estimated future cash flows and market-based analyses to determine fair value. if our estimates or underlying assumptions, including discount rate and sublease income change in the future, our operating results may be materially impacted.
stock-based compensation we recognize compensation expense for equity awards over the requisite service period based on the award's fair value. we use the black-scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock-only stock appreciation rights ("sosars"), and we use the monte carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of stock awards that contain market conditions. both of these models require assumptions to be made regarding our stock price volatility, the expected life of the award and expected dividend rates. the volatility and the expected life assumptions were based on our historical data. similarly, the compensation expense of performance share awards is based in part on the estimated probability of achieving levels of performance associated with particular levels of payout for performance shares. we determine the probability of achievement of future levels of performance by comparing the relevant performance level with our internal estimates of future performance. those estimates are based on a number of assumptions, including but not limited to growth in restaurant cash flow dollars, growth in comparable restaurant sales and average restaurant level operating margin, and different assumptions may have resulted in different conclusions regarding the probability of achieving future levels of performance relevant to the payout levels for the awards. if we change our estimates of stock price volatility or expected lives of our sosars, or if we change our assumptions regarding the probability of achieving future levels of performance with respect to performance share awards, our stock-based compensation expense and results of operations may be materially impacted.
insurance liability we are self-insured for a significant portion of our employee health benefits programs. we carry significant retentions for risks and associated liabilities with respect to workers' compensation, general liability, property and auto damage, employment practices liability, cyber liability and directors' and officers' liability. predetermined loss limits have been arranged with third-party insurance companies to limit exposure to these claims. we record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. if a greater amount of claims occurs compared to what we have estimated, or if medical costs increase beyond what we expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient. actual claims experience could also be more favorable than estimated. if we change our estimates for the cost of claims incurred and unpaid, or if actual claims differ from these estimates, our insurance expense and results of operations may be materially impacted.
reserves/contingencies for litigation and other matters we are involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. we record an accrual for legal contingencies when we determine that it is probable that we have incurred a liability and we can reasonably estimate the amount of the loss. although we have recorded liabilities related to a number of legal actions, our estimates used to determine the amount of these liabilities may not be accurate, and there are other legal actions for which we have not recorded a liability. as a result, in the event legal actions for which we have not accrued a liability or for which our accrued liabilities are not accurate are resolved, such resolution may affect our operating results and cash flows.
income taxes our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and any related valuation allowance requires the use of estimates based on our management's interpretation and application of complex tax laws and accounting guidance. we are primarily subject to income taxes in the u.s. we establish reserves for uncertain tax positions for material, known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the measurement and recognition of the item. we may adjust these reserves when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available and will be reflected in the period in which the new information is available, or due to the expiration of any applicable statute of limitations. while we believe that our reserves are adequate, issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related reserve and could materially increase or decrease our income tax provision in future periods. ‎
item 7a.  quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk