item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to promote understanding of the results of operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k). this section generally discusses the results of operations for 2023 compared to 2022. for discussion related to the results of operations and changes in financial condition for 2022 compared to 2021 refer to part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our fiscal year 2022 form 10-k, which was filed with the united states securities and exchange commission (sec) on october 5, 2022.
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is increasing net sales, particularly comparable sales. net sales includes our core merchandise categories (foods and sundries, non-foods, and fresh foods), warehouse ancillary (gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and other businesses (e-commerce, business centers, travel and other). comparable sales is defined as net sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, and sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. the measure is intended as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap). comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to our international operations); inflation or deflation and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage our sg&a expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the united states. net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. we do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. merchandise costs in 2023 continued to be impacted by inflation, however at a lower rate than what we experienced in 2022. the impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage).
we believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower sg&a expense, relative to our non-gasoline businesses. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect.
government actions in various countries relating to tariffs, particularly china and the united states, have affected the costs of some of our merchandise. the degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. higher tariffs could adversely impact our results.
we also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, generally has a lower gross margin percentage than our warehouse operations.
the membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. our paid-membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets.
our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and sg&a expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canadian, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain operations in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's currency exchange rates. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon sold. results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and gasoline prices should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with u.s. gaap.
highlights for 2023 versus 2022 include:
•net sales increased 7% to $237,710, driven by a 3% increase in comparable sales, sales at new warehouses opened in 2022 and 2023, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2023;
•membership fee revenue increased 8% to $4,580, driven by new member sign-ups, upgrades to executive membership, and one additional week of membership fees in 2023;
•gross margin percentage increased nine basis points, driven primarily by a smaller lifo charge in 2023 compared to 2022 and our core merchandise categories. this was partially offset by charges of $391, predominantly related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities;
•sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points, due to increased costs in warehouse operations and other businesses, primarily wage increases effective in march and july 2022, and march 2023, as well as lower sales growth;
changes in net sales:
changes in comparable sales:
changes in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign-currency and gasoline prices:
net sales net sales increased $14,980 or 7% during 2023. the improvement was attributable to an increase in comparable sales of 3%, sales at new warehouses opened in 2022 and 2023, and one additional week of sales in 2023. sales increased $12,761, or 7% in core merchandise categories, led by foods and sundries and fresh foods; while non-foods decreased. sales increased $2,219, or 5% in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, led by pharmacy, food court, and travel.
during 2023, changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $3,484, 156 basis points, compared to 2022, attributable to our canadian and other international operations. the volume of gasoline sold increased approximately 7%, positively impacting net sales by $2,148, or 96 basis points. lower gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by $1,592, or 71 basis points, compared to 2022, with a 6% decrease in the average price per gallon.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 3% during 2023 and were positively impacted by increases in shopping frequency, partially offset by a decrease in average ticket.
membership fee revenue increased 8% in 2023, driven by new member sign-ups, upgrades to executive membership, and the benefit of an additional week. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted membership fees by $76 compared to 2022. at the end of 2023, our member renewal rates were 92.7% in the u.s. and canada and 90.4% worldwide. more members auto renewing and higher penetration of executive members benefit renewal rates. our renewal rate, which excludes affiliates of business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date.
we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period.
less merchandise costs             212,586                    199,382                    170,684
gross margin percentage increased nine basis points compared to 2022. excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin was 10.50%, an increase of two basis points. this two basis point increase was positively impacted by: 18 basis points due to a smaller lifo charge in 2023 compared to 2022, and seven basis points due to core merchandise categories, predominantly foods and sundries. these were offset by: 16 basis points due to the downsizing and then discontinuation of our charter shipping activities; four basis points due to increased 2% rewards; and three basis points due to warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly e-commerce, partially offset by gasoline and business centers. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $349, compared to 2022, attributable to our canadian and other international operations.
the gross margin in core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased two basis points, driven by foods and sundries and non-foods, partially offset by fresh foods. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our u.s. segment, due to a smaller lifo charge and increases in core merchandise categories, primarily foods and sundries, partially offset by the charges related to the discontinuation of our charter shipping activities discussed above and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. gross margin percentage increased in our canada segment, attributable to increases in core merchandise categories and warehouse ancillary and other businesses. our other international gross margin percentage decreased, largely due to decreases in core merchandise categories, partially offset by warehouse ancillary and other businesses. all segments were negatively impacted by increased 2% rewards.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 20 basis points compared to 2022. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation was 9.02%, an increase of 14 basis points. the comparison to last year was negatively impacted by 16 basis points in warehouse operations and other businesses, largely driven by wage increases effective in march and july 2022, and march 2023, as well as lower sales growth. central operating costs were also higher by six basis points. sg&a was positively impacted by eight basis points due to the prior year's write-off of information technology assets and a charge related to granting our employees additional vacation. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar decreased sg&a expenses by approximately $281 compared to 2022, attributable to our canadian and other international operations.
interest expense is primarily related to senior notes and financing leases. for more information on our debt arrangements, refer to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
foreign-currency transaction gains, net              29                   106                    56
the increase in interest income in 2023 was due to higher global interest rates and higher average cash and investment balances. foreign-currency transaction gains, net include revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities by our canadian and other international operations and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
provision for income taxes
provision for income taxes          $2,195                   $1,925                   $1,601
the effective tax rate for 2023 was impacted by net discrete tax benefits of $62, primarily due to excess tax benefits related to stock compensation. excluding discrete net tax benefits, the tax rate was 26.6%.
the effective tax rate for 2022 was impacted by net discrete tax benefits of $130, primarily due to excess tax benefits related to stock compensation. excluding discrete net tax benefits, the tax rate was 26.2%.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities         $11,068                  $7,392                  $8,958
net cash used in investing activities             (4,972)                 (3,915)                 (3,535)
net cash used in financing activities             (2,614)                 (4,283)                 (6,488)
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $15,234 and $11,049 at september 3, 2023, and august 28, 2022. of these balances, unsettled credit and debit card receivables represented $2,282 and $2,010. these receivables generally settle within four days. changes in foreign exchange rates impacted cash and cash equivalents positively by $15 and $46 in 2023 and 2021, and negatively by $249 in 2022.
material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of purchase obligations, long-term debt and related interest payments, leases, and construction and land purchase obligations. see notes 4 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for amounts outstanding on september 3, 2023, related to debt and leases.
purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to merchandise, equipment, and third-party services, the majority of which are due in the next 12 months. construction and land-purchase obligations consist of contracts primarily related to the development and opening of new and relocated warehouses, the majority of which (other than leases) are due in the next 12 months.
management believes that our cash and investment position and operating cash flows, with capacity under existing and available credit agreements, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $11,068 in 2023, compared to $7,392 in 2022. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to merchandise suppliers, warehouse operating costs, including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. changes in our net investment in merchandise inventories (the difference between merchandise inventories and accounts payable) is impacted by several factors, including inventory levels and turnover, the forward deployment of inventory to accelerate delivery times, payment terms with suppliers, and early payments to obtain discounts.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $4,972 in 2023, compared to $3,915 in 2022, and is primarily related to capital expenditures. net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
capital expenditures our primary requirements for capital are acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital. in 2023, we spent $4,323 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $4,400 to $4,600 during fiscal 2024. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. we opened 26 new warehouses, including three relocations, in 2023, and plan to open up to 28 additional new warehouses, including one relocation, in 2024. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs and the economic environment.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $2,614 in 2023, compared to $4,283 in 2022. cash flows used in financing activities primarily related to the payment of dividends, repurchases of common stock, and withholding taxes on stock-based awards. in 2022, cash flow used in financing activities included payments to our former joint-venture partner for a dividend and the purchase of their equity interest in taiwan, totaling $1,050 in the aggregate, and repayments of our 2.300% senior notes.
stock repurchase programs on january 19, 2023, the board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program in the amount of $4,000, which expires in january 2027. during 2023 and 2022, we repurchased 1,341,000 and 863,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $504.68 and $511.46, totaling approximately $677 and $442. these amounts may differ from the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time to time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases, pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $3,563 at the end of 2023.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at september 3, 2023, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $1,234. our international operations maintain $756 of this capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $167 is guaranteed by the company. short-term borrowings outstanding under the bank credit facilities, which are included in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets, were immaterial at the end of 2023 and 2022.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $217. the outstanding commitments under these facilities at the end of 2023 totaled $182, most of which were standby letters of credit that do not expire or have expiration dates within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, most within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities claims for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to seek to limit exposures arising from very large losses. we use various risk management mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary, and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors, and other actuarial assumptions. the costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims. while we believe our estimates are reasonable, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material.
recent accounting pronouncements we do not expect that any recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a material effect on our financial statements.