item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations terms used by csx when used in this report, unless otherwise indicated by the context, these terms are used to mean the following:
car hire - a charge paid by one railroad for its use of cars belonging to another railroad or car owner.
department of transportation ("dot") - a u.s. government agency with jurisdiction over matters of all modes of transportation.
depreciation study - conducted by a third-party specialist and analyzed by management, a periodic statistical analysis of fixed asset service lives, salvage values, accumulated depreciation, and other factors for group assets along with a comparison of similar asset groups at other companies.
economic profit (csx cash earnings or cce) - a non-gaap measure designed to incentivize strategic investments earning more than the required return. economic profit is calculated as csx's gross cash earnings (after-tax adjusted ebitda) minus the capital charge (long-term average cost of capital) on gross operating assets.
environmental protection agency ("epa") - a u.s. government agency that has regulatory authority with respect to environmental law.
free cash flow - the calculation of a non-gaap measure by using net cash provided by operating activities and adjusting for property additions and certain other investing activities. free cash flow is a measure of cash available for paying dividends, share repurchases and principal reduction on outstanding debt.
group-life depreciation - a type of depreciation in which assets with similar useful lives and characteristics are aggregated into groups. instead of calculating depreciation for individual assets, depreciation is calculated as a whole for each group.
incidental charges - charges for switching, demurrage, storage, etc.
intermodal - a flexible way of transporting freight over highway, rail and water without being removed from the original transportation equipment, namely a container or trailer.
pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration ("phmsa") - an agency within the dot that, together with the fra, has broad jurisdiction over railroad operating standards and practices, including hazardous materials requirements.
positive train control ("ptc") - an interoperable train control system designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, over-speed derailments, incursions into established work-zone limits, and train diversions onto another set of tracks.
revenue adequacy - the achievement of a rate of return on investment over time at least equal to the industry cost of investment capital, as measured by the stb.
staggers act of 1980 - congressional law that significantly deregulated the rail industry, replacing the regulatory structure in existence since the 1887 interstate commerce act. where previously rates were controlled by the interstate commerce commission, the staggers act allowed railroads to establish their own rates for shipments, enhancing their ability to compete with other modes of transportation.
surface transportation board ("stb") - an independent governmental adjudicatory body administratively housed within the dot, responsible for the economic regulation of interstate surface transportation within the united states.
switching - putting cars in a specific order, placing cars for loading, retrieving empty cars or adding or removing cars from a train at an intermediate point.
terminal - a facility, typically owned by a railroad, for the handling of freight and for the breaking up, making up, forwarding and servicing of trains.
transportation security administration ("tsa") - a component of the department of homeland security with broad authority over railroad operating practices that may have homeland security implications.
ttx company ("ttx") - a company that provides its owner-railroads with standardized fleets of intermodal, automotive and general use railcars at time and mileage rates. csx owns about 20 percent of ttx's common stock, and the remainder is owned by the other leading north american railroads and their affiliates.
results of operations the following section generally discusses the company's results of operations and financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. a discussion regarding results of operations and financial condition for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, can be found in part ii, item 7 of csx's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended 2022, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 15, 2023.
gains on property dispositions              (34)                       (238)                    (204)                    (86)
csx corporation part ii volume and revenue (unaudited)
volume (thousands of units); revenue (dollars in millions); revenue per unit (dollars)
volume                                                                            revenue                                                                   revenue per unit
minerals - increased due to higher shipments of aggregates and cement driven by increased road construction and other infrastructure-related activities.
intermodal volume lower volume was due to decreased international shipments driven by high inventory levels and lower imports. domestic shipments increased due to growth with key customers as well as the prior year impact of supply-side constraints.
coal volume export coal increased due to higher shipments of metallurgical and thermal coal. domestic coal decreased due to lower shipments of coal to northern utility plants.
trucking revenue trucking revenue decreased $84 million versus the prior year due to lower fuel and capacity surcharges.
labor and fringe expenses include employee wages and related payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension, other post-retirement benefits and incentive compensation. these expenses increased $163 million due to the following items:
•an increase of $89 million was due to the impacts of higher headcount and union employee vacation and sick benefits.
•prior year amounts included $32 million of out-of-period labor and benefit costs due to the agreement reached with labor unions.
•other costs decreased by $4 million due to non-significant items.
purchased services and other expenses consist primarily of contracted services to maintain infrastructure and equipment, terminal and pier services, purchased trucking and other transportation, and professional services. this category also includes costs related to materials, travel, casualty claims, environmental remediation, train accidents, property and sales tax, utilities and other items. total purchased services and other expenses increased $79 million driven by the following:
•all other costs increased $32 million as higher technology spending, inflation and other increases were partially offset by lower trucking expenses and other non-significant items.
depreciation expense primarily relates to recognizing the costs of capital assets, such as locomotives, railcars and track structure, over their respective useful lives, which are reviewed periodically as part of depreciation studies. this expense is impacted primarily by the capital expenditures made each year. depreciation expense increased $111 million primarily due to the impacts of a 2022 equipment depreciation study as well as a larger net asset base.
equipment and other rents expense includes rent paid for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies, net of rents received by csxt for use of its equipment. this category of expenses also includes expenses for short-term and long-term leases of locomotives, railcars, containers, tractors and trailers, offices and other rentals. these expenses decreased $42 million primarily due to lower car hire costs from improved car cycle times, partially offset by costs related to higher automotive volume.
gains on property dispositions decreased to $34 million in 2023 from $238 million in 2022 primarily due to the inclusion of $144 million of gains in 2022 from the sale of property rights to the commonwealth of virginia.
other income - net other income - net includes investment gains, losses, interest income, components of net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit cost and other non-operating activities. other income increased $6 million primarily due to higher interest income and other non-significant items, partially offset by a decrease in net pension benefit credits.
net earnings and earnings per diluted share net earnings decreased $451 million to $3.7 billion, and earnings per diluted share decreased $0.10 to $1.85, due to the factors mentioned above. average shares outstanding was lower as a result of share repurchase activity during the year and had a favorable impact on earnings per diluted share.
csx corporation part ii non-gaap measures (unaudited)
csx reports its financial results in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). csx also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by gaap. therefore, csx's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with gaap. reconciliations of non-gaap measures to corresponding gaap measures are below.
economic profit management believes economic profit (csx cash earnings or cce) provides additional perspective to investors about financial returns generated by the business by representing a profit generated over and above the cost of capital used by the business to generate that profit. economic profit is designed to incentivize strategic investments that earn more than the required return. increases in economic profit indicate that the company is effectively allocating capital and rewarding shareholders by generating growth in excess of the incremental cost of capital associated with reinvestment in the business. this measure should be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, net income. this measure is defined by the company as gross cash earnings minus the capital charge on gross operating assets. gross cash earnings is calculated as adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda"), less an assumed 15% cash tax. the capital charge uses a long-term average cost of capital of 8% multiplied by the gross operating assets. csx's gross operating assets include gross properties and other non-cash assets, net of non-interest bearing liabilities.
the following table reconciles net income (gaap measure) to economic profit (non-gaap measure).
remove: unusual items (a)                                                      -             (144)
adjusted ebitda                                                            7,281             7,488
non-interest bearing liabilities                                          10,873            10,640
8% capital charge                                                        (3,531)           (3,403)
economic profit (non-gaap)                                                $2,658            $2,962
(a) unusual items are defined by management as unique events with greater than $100 million full year operating income impact, consistent with the terms of the company's long-term incentive plan agreements. gains from the virginia transaction of $144 million were excluded for 2022.
csx corporation part ii free cash flow management believes free cash flow is useful to investors as it is important in evaluating the company's financial performance. more specifically, free cash flow measures cash generated by the business after reinvestment. this measure represents cash available for both equity and bond investors to be used for dividends, share repurchases or principal reduction on outstanding debt. free cash flow is calculated by using net cash from operations and adjusting for property additions and proceeds from property dispositions. this measure should be considered in addition to, rather than a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. free cash flow before dividends decreased $412 million year-over-year to $3.3 billion primarily due to lower proceeds and advances from property dispositions, mostly attributable to the sale of property rights to the commonwealth of virginia in the prior year, as well as higher property additions and less cash from operating activities. cash from operating activities includes lower cash-generating net earnings and the impact of $168 million of higher payments for retroactive wages and bonuses, and associated taxes, related to finalized labor agreements as well as the offsetting impact of $381 million of postponed federal estimated tax payments, which were extended until first quarter 2024 under an internal revenue service tax relief announcement for those impacted by hurricane idalia.
the following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (gaap measure) to free cash flow (non-gaap measure).
net cash provided by operating activities                   $5,549                      $5,619
property additions                                         (2,281)                     (2,133)
proceeds and advances from property dispositions                52                         246
certain operating statistics are estimated and can continue to be updated as actuals settle. the methodology for calculating train velocity, dwell, cars online and trip plan performance differs from that used by the surface transportation board. the company will continue to report these metrics to the surface transportation board using the prescribed methodology.
train velocity (miles per hour)                18.0                        16.1                                   12           %
key performance measures definitions:
train velocity - average train speed between origin and destination in miles per hour (does not include locals, yard jobs, work trains or passenger trains). train velocity measures actual train miles and times of a train movement on csx's network.
on-time arrivals - percent of scheduled road trains that arrive at the destination yard on-time to within two hours of scheduled arrival.
carload trip plan performance - percent of measured cars (excludes unit trains and other non-scheduled service as well as empty automotive shipments) destined for a customer that complete their scheduled plan at or ahead of the original estimated time of arrival or interchange (as applicable).
intermodal trip plan performance - percent of measured containers (excludes port shipments along with empty containers and other non-scheduled service) destined for a customer that complete their scheduled plan at or ahead of the original estimated time of arrival, notification or interchange (as applicable).
csx corporation part ii the company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. training and safety programs are designed to prevent incidents that can adversely impact employees, customers and communities. technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance.
the company remains focused on safety, service, and controlling costs. velocity and dwell improved 12% and 17%, respectively, relative to 2022. carload trip plan performance improved to 84% compared to 64% while intermodal trip plan performance improved to 95% compared to 90%, relative to 2022. csx has seen an improvement in service metrics throughout 2023.
from a safety perspective, the fra personal injury index improved by 12% and the train-accident rate improved by 1% compared to prior year. safety is a guiding principle at csx and the company remains focused on its strong safety culture, including instilling the importance of safety in new hires. csx is committed to reducing risk and enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers and communities in which the company operates.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is a company's ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet both current and future needs for obligations as they mature and to provide for planned capital expenditures, including those to address regulatory and legislative requirements. to have a complete picture of a company's liquidity, its sources and uses of cash, balance sheet and external factors should be reviewed.
significant cash flows the following charts highlight the operating, investing and financing components of the change in cash and cash equivalents for operating, investing and financing activities for full years 2023 and 2022.
in 2023, the company generated $5.5 billion of cash from operating activities, which was $70 million less than prior year primarily driven by lower cash-generating net earnings and $168 million higher payments for retroactive wages and bonuses, including the associated taxes, related to finalized labor agreements. this decrease was partially offset by the impact of $381 million of postponed federal estimated tax payments mentioned above. net cash used in investing activities was $2.3 billion, an increase in net spend of $156 million from the prior year primarily due to lower proceeds from property dispositions and higher property additions, partially offset by decreased acquisition spending. cash used in financing activities was $3.9 billion, which represents an increase in net spend of $98 million from the prior year primarily due to lower proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by lower share repurchases.
csx corporation part ii sources of cash and liquidity the company has multiple sources of liquidity, including cash generated from operations and financing sources. the company filed a shelf registration statement with the sec on february 16, 2022, which may be used to issue debt or equity securities at csx's discretion, subject to market conditions and csx board authorization. while csx seeks to give itself flexibility with respect to cash requirements, there can be no assurance that market conditions would permit csx to sell such securities on acceptable terms at any given time, or at all. in 2023, csx issued $600 million of long-term debt. see note 10, debt and credit agreements for more information.
csx has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in february 2028. as of december 31, 2023, the company had no outstanding balances under this facility. the company also has a commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility, under which the company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion outstanding at any one time. as of december 31, 2023, the company had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program.
uses of cash csx uses current cash balances for general corporate purposes, which may include capital expenditures, working capital requirements, reduction or refinancing of outstanding indebtedness, redemptions and repurchases of csx common stock, dividends to shareholders, acquisitions and other business opportunities, and contributions to the company's qualified pension plan.
in 2023, csx continued to invest in its business to create long-term value for shareholders. the company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. funds used for property additions are further described below.
years ended capital expenditures (dollars in millions)                  2023                    2022
strategic projects and commercial facilities             304                      251
total capital expenditures                            $2,281                   $2,133
planned capital investments for 2024 are expected to be approximately $2.5 billion. spending to sustain core infrastructure with a focus on safety and reliability will be a top priority. in addition, management is committed to investments that promote profitable growth, including projects supporting service enhancements and productivity initiatives, including investments in locomotives and freight cars. csx intends to fund capital investments primarily through cash generated from operations.
csx is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. csx may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future (see risk factors under item 1a of this form 10-k).
csx corporation part ii csx is committed to returning cash to shareholders. capital structure, capital investments and cash distributions, including dividends and share repurchases, are reviewed at least annually by the board of directors. on february 14, 2024, the company's board of directors authorized a 9% increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $0.12 per common share effective march 2024. management's assessment of market conditions and other factors guides the timing and volume of repurchases. future share repurchases are expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash generated from operations and debt issuances.
material changes in the consolidated balance sheets and working capital csx's balance sheet reflects its strong capital base and the impact of csx's balanced approach in deploying capital for the benefit of its shareholders, which includes investments in infrastructure, dividend payments and share repurchases. further, csx is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint. the company ended the year with $1.4 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.
total assets as well as total liabilities and shareholders' equity increased $496 million from prior year end. the increase in total assets was primarily due to a $693 million increase in net properties consistent with planned capital expenditures, a $113 million increase in net pension assets for qualified pension plans, a $105 million increase in materials and supplies and a $105 million increase in investments in affiliates and other companies. these increases were partially offset by a $605 million decrease in cash as noted above.
total liabilities increased $988 million from prior year end primarily due to the issuance of $600 million in long-term debt, a $414 million increase in income and other taxes payable largely related to postponed federal estimated tax payments, a $177 million increase in deferred income taxes and a $107 million increase in accounts payable. these increases were partially offset by payouts of accrued retroactive wages and bonuses totaling $238 million and debt repayments of $153 million. total shareholders' equity decreased $492 million from prior year end primarily driven by share repurchases of $3.5 billion and dividends paid of $882 million, partially offset by net earnings of $3.7 billion.
working capital is considered a measure of a company's ability to meet its short-term needs. csx had a working capital surplus of $160 million at december 2023 and $1.4 billion at december 2022. this decrease of $1.2 billion since year end is primarily due to cash paid for share repurchases of $3.5 billion, property additions of $2.3 billion and dividend payments of $882 million, as well as a $558 million of long-term debt maturing in 2024. these decreases were partially offset by cash earned from operations of $5.5 billion and $600 million in cash received from debt issued.
csx corporation part ii the company's working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments and changes in cash and cash equivalent balances. although the company currently has a surplus, a working capital deficit is not unusual for csx or other companies in the industry and does not indicate a lack of liquidity. the company continues to maintain adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. furthermore, csx has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, commercial paper program and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations. the company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional liquidity.
completed transactions acquisition of pan am systems, inc.
on june 1, 2022, csx completed its acquisition of pan am. the closing price of $600 million was funded through a combination of common stock valued at $422 million and cash totaling $178 million. total cash consideration paid to acquire the business includes a $30 million deposit paid in fourth quarter 2020. for further details, refer to note 17, business combinations.
acquisition of quality carriers, inc.
on july 1, 2021, csx acquired quality carriers, inc. for a purchase price of $544 million in cash. this transaction was funded by cash on hand. for further details, refer to note 17, business combinations.
csx corporation part ii credit ratings credit ratings reflect an independent agency's judgment on the likelihood that a borrower will repay a debt obligation at maturity. the ratings reflect many considerations, such as the nature of the borrower's industry and its competitive position, the size of the company, its liquidity and access to capital and the sensitivity of a company's cash flows to changes in the economy. the two largest rating agencies, standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's"), use alphanumeric codes to designate their ratings. the highest quality rating for long-term credit obligations is aaa and aaa for s&p and moody's, respectively. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
the cost and availability of unsecured financing are materially affected by csx's long-term credit ratings. csx's credit ratings improved during 2023 following an upgrade by moody's from a long-term rating baa1 (stable) as of december 2022 to a3 (stable) as of december 2023. s&p's long-term rating for csx remains consistent at bbb+ (stable) for both december 2022 and december 2023. ratings of bbb- and baa3 or better by s&p and moody's, respectively, reflect ratings on debt obligations that fall within a band of credit quality considered to be investment grade. if csx's credit ratings were to decline to below investment-grade levels, the company could experience significant increases in its interest cost for new debt. in addition, a decline in csx's credit ratings to below investment grade levels could adversely affect the market's demand, and thus the company's ability to readily issue new debt. the company is committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit profile.
csx corporation part ii contractual obligations, other commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations csx is party to contractual arrangements that obligate the company to make future cash payments. these obligations impact the company's liquidity and capital resource needs. the company's contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, purchase commitments, leases, other-post employment benefits and agreements with conrail.
•as of december 31, 2023, the company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities. see note 10, debt and credit agreements, for additional information related to future debt payments. future interest payments associated with outstanding debt total $14.3 billion, with $804 million payable in 2024.
•purchase commitments consist of csx's long-term locomotive maintenance program and other commitments to purchase technology, communications, railcar maintenance and other services. see note 8, commitments and contingencies, for additional information about future payments related to purchase commitments.
•capital expenditures include investments related to public-private partnerships. these partnership investments are typically for projects that are partially or wholly reimbursed to csx through government awards or other funding sources. project contribution commitments that are not reimbursable total $55 million as of december 31, 2023.
•the company's leases include property, equipment, and line leases. see note 7, leases, for additional information about future payments related to leases.
•other post-employment benefits include estimated other post-retirement medical and life insurance payments and payments under non-qualified pension plans that are unfunded. see note 9, employee benefit plans, for additional information about future payments under such plans.
•conrail owns rail infrastructure and operates for the joint benefit of csx and norfolk southern corporation ("ns"). this is known as the shared asset area. conrail charges fees for right-of-way usage, equipment rentals and transportation, switching and terminal service charges in the shared asset area. see note 15, investment in affiliates and related-party transactions, for additional information about future payments related to agreements with conrail.
other commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements other commitments total $187 million and primarily consist of guarantees, letters of credit and surety bonds, none of which are individually significant. these off-balance sheet arrangements are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
labor agreements approximately 17,700 of the company's approximately 23,000 employees are members of a rail labor union. as of december 2, 2022, all 12 rail unions at csx that participated in national bargaining were covered by national agreements with the class i railroads and csx-specific agreements that will remain in effect through december 31, 2024. collective agreements under the railway labor act do not expire, but continue until amended, and formal notices to amend these agreements may be served as early as november 1, 2024.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires that management make estimates in reporting the amounts of certain assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and certain revenues and expenses during the reporting period. actual results may differ from those estimates. these estimates and assumptions are discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors on a regular basis. significant estimates using management judgment are made for the following areas:
•depreciation policies for assets under the group-life method personal injury and environmental reserves personal injury personal injury reserves of $128 million and $126 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively, represent liabilities for employee work-related and third-party injuries. csxt retains an independent actuary to assist management in assessing the value of personal injury claims. the methodology used by the actuary includes a development factor to reflect growth or reduction in the value of these personal injury claims. it is based largely on csxt's historical claims and settlement experience. actual results may vary from estimates due to the number, type and severity of the injury, costs of medical treatments and uncertainties in litigation. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves, in the consolidated financial statements.
environmental environmental reserves were $154 million and $161 million for 2023 and 2022, respectively. the company is a party to various proceedings related to environmental issues, including administrative and judicial proceedings involving private parties and regulatory agencies. the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 230 environmentally impaired sites. the company reviews its potential liability with respect to each site identified, giving consideration to a number of factors such as:
•nature of the company's alleged connection to the location (e.g., generator of waste sent to the site or owner or operator of the site);
•number, connection and financial viability of other named and unnamed potentially responsible parties at the location.
conditions that are currently unknown could, at any given location, result in additional exposure, the amount and materiality of which cannot presently be reasonably estimated. for additional details, including a description of our related accounting policies, see note 5, casualty, environmental and other reserves, in the consolidated financial statements.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued pension plan accounting the company sponsors defined benefit pension plans principally for salaried, management personnel. for employees hired prior to 2003, the plans provide eligible employees with retirement benefits based predominantly on years of service and compensation rates near retirement. for employees hired between 2003 and 2019, benefits are determined based on a cash balance formula, which provides benefits by utilizing interest and pay credits based upon age, service and compensation. beginning in 2020, the csx pension plan was closed to new participants. as of december 2023, the projected benefit obligation for the company's pension plans was $2.3 billion. for information related to the funded status of the company's pension plans, see note 9, employee benefit plans.
the accounting for these plans is subject to the guidance provided in the compensation-retirement benefits topic in the accounting standards codification ("asc"). this rule requires that management make certain assumptions relating to the following:
the company engages independent actuaries to compute the amounts of liabilities and expenses relating to these plans subject to the assumptions that the company determines are appropriate based on historical trends, current market rates and future projections. these amounts are reviewed by management.
critical accounting estimates, continued discount rates discount rates affect the amount of liability recorded and the service and interest cost components of pension expense. discount rates reflect the rates at which pension benefits could be effectively settled, or in other words, how much it would cost the company to buy enough high quality bonds to generate cash flow equal to the company's expected future benefit payments. the company determines the discount rate based on the market yield as of year-end for high quality corporate bonds whose maturities match the plans' expected benefit payments.
the company measures the service and interest cost components of the net pension benefits expense by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year. under the spot rate approach, individual spot discount rates along the same high quality corporate bonds yield curve used to measure the pension benefit liabilities are applied to the relevant projected cash flows at the relevant maturity.
the weighted average discount rate used by the company to value its pension obligations was 4.82% and 5.02% as of december 2023, and december 2022, respectively. as of december 2023, the estimated duration of pension benefits is approximately 9 years.
each year, the discount rate is reevaluated and adjusted using the current market interest rates for high quality corporate bonds to reflect the best estimate of the current effective settlement rates. in general, if interest rates decline or rise, the assumed discount rate will change.
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued long-term rate of return on plan assets the expected long-term average rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. in estimating that rate, the company gives appropriate consideration to the returns being earned by the plan assets in the funds and the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment as well as the current and projected asset mix of the funds. management, with the assistance of an outsourced investment manager, balances market expectations obtained from various investment managers with both market and actual plan historical returns to develop a reasonable estimate of the expected long-term rate of return on assets. as this assumption is long term, the annual review may result in less frequent adjustment than other assumptions used in pension accounting. the long-term rate of return on plan assets used by the company to value its benefit cost for the subsequent plan year was 6.75% in both 2023 and 2022.
other assumptions the calculations made by the actuaries also include assumptions relating to mortality rates, turnover, retirement age and salary inflation rates. these assumptions are based upon historical data, recent plan experience and industry trends and are determined by management.
2024 estimated pension expense net periodic pension benefit expense for 2024 is expected to be a credit of $22 million. net periodic pension benefit expense for 2024 is expected to include service cost expense of $23 million. service cost expense is included in labor and fringe on the consolidated income statement and all other components of net pension expense are included in other income - net. net periodic pension expense in 2023 was a credit of $1 million. the net increase in the expected credit is primarily due to impacts from recent favorable pension asset experience.
the following sensitivity analysis illustrates the effects of a 1% change in certain assumptions on the 2024 estimated pension expense:
csx corporation part ii critical accounting estimates, continued depreciation policies for assets utilizing the group-life method the depreciable assets of the company are depreciated using either the group-life or straight-line method of accounting, which are both acceptable depreciation methods in accordance with gaap. the company depreciates its railroad assets, including main-line track, locomotives and freight cars, using the group-life method of accounting. assets depreciated under the group-life method comprise 84% of total fixed assets of $50.3 billion on a gross basis at december 31, 2023. the remaining depreciable assets of the company, including non-railroad assets and assets under finance leases, are depreciated using the straight-line method on a per asset basis. land is not depreciated.
management performs a review of depreciation expense and useful lives on a regular basis. under the group-life method, the service lives and salvage values for each group of assets are determined by completing periodic depreciation studies and applying management's methods to determine the service lives of its properties. there are several factors taken into account during the depreciation study and they include:
•previous assessment of the condition of the assets;
•comparison of assets to the same asset groups with other companies.
the stb requires depreciation studies be performed every three years for equipment assets (e.g., locomotives and freight cars) and every six years for road and track assets (e.g., bridges, signals, rail, ties, and ballast). the company completed a depreciation study for its road and track assets in 2020 and for equipment assets in 2022, both of which resulted in changes to accumulated depreciation, service lives, salvage values, and other related factors for certain assets. the 2022 equipment study resulted in an increase in annual depreciation expense of approximately $80 million primarily due to deferred losses on assets depreciated using the group-life method. a depreciation study was not performed in 2023.
a 1% change in the average estimated useful life of all group-life assets would result in an approximate $13 million change to the company's annual depreciation expense. there were no significant changes to the company's asset lives as a result of the 2022 and 2020 studies. for additional details, including a more detailed description of our related accounting policies, see note 6, properties, in the consolidated financial statements.
csx corporation part ii forward-looking statements certain statements in this report and in other materials filed with the securities and exchange commission, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made by the company, are forward-looking statements. the company intends for all such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and the provisions of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act may contain, among others, statements regarding:
•projections and estimates of earnings, revenues, margins, volumes, rates, cost-savings, expenses, taxes or other financial items;
•expectations as to results of operations and operational initiatives;
•expectations as to the effect of claims, lawsuits, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity;
•management's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, capital expenditures, workforce levels, dividends, share repurchases, safety and service performance, proposed new services and other matters that are not historical facts, and management's expectations as to future performance and operations and the time by which objectives will be achieved; and
•future economic, industry or market conditions or performance and their effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "will," "should," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project," "estimate," "preliminary" and similar expressions. the company cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its good faith beliefs with respect to future events and are based on information currently available to it as of the date the forward-looking statement is made.  forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the timing when, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved.
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual performance or results could differ materially from those anticipated by any forward-looking statements. the company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement. if the company does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be drawn that the company will make additional updates with respect to that statement or any other forward-looking statements.
the following important factors, in addition to those discussed in part ii, item 1a. risk factors and elsewhere in this report, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by any forward-looking statements:
•legislative, regulatory or legal developments involving transportation, including rail or intermodal transportation, the environment, hazardous materials, taxation, international trade and initiatives to further regulate the rail industry;
•the outcome of litigation, claims and other contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, those related to fuel surcharge, environmental matters, taxes, shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication, personal injuries and occupational illnesses;
•changes in domestic or international economic, political or business conditions, including those affecting the transportation industry (such as the impact of industry competition, conditions, performance and consolidation, as well as the impact of international trade agreements and tariffs) and the level of demand for products carried by csxt;
•natural events such as severe weather conditions, including floods, fire, hurricanes and earthquakes, a pandemic crisis affecting the health of the company's employees, its shippers or the consumers of goods, or other unforeseen disruptions of the company's operations, systems, property, equipment or supply chain;
•competition from other modes of freight transportation, such as trucking, and competition and consolidation or financial distress within the transportation industry generally;
•the cost of compliance with laws and regulations that differ from expectations as well as costs, penalties and operational and liquidity impacts associated with noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations;
•the impact of increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas, including potential effects of high speed rail initiatives, or regulatory changes affecting when csxt can transport freight or service routes;
•unanticipated conditions in the financial markets that may affect timely access to capital markets and the cost of capital, as well as management's decisions regarding share repurchases;
•changes in fuel prices, surcharges for fuel and the availability of fuel;
•the impact of natural gas prices on coal-fired electricity generation;
•availability of insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or insufficient insurance coverage to cover claims or damages;
•the inherent business risks associated with safety and security, including the transportation of hazardous materials or a cybersecurity attack which would threaten the availability and reliability of information technology;
•adverse economic or operational effects from actual or threatened war or terrorist activities and any governmental response;
•loss of key personnel or the inability to hire and retain qualified employees;
•labor and benefit costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either the company's operations or customers' ability to deliver goods to the company for shipment;
•the company's success in implementing its strategic, financial and operational initiatives, including acquisitions;
•the impact of conditions in the real estate market on the company's ability to sell assets;
•changes in operating conditions and costs, including the impacts of inflation, or commodity concentrations;
•the impacts of a public health crisis and any policies or initiatives instituted in response; and
•the inherent uncertainty associated with projecting economic and business conditions.
other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are specified elsewhere in this report and in csx's other sec reports, which are accessible on the sec's website at www.sec.gov and the company's website at www.csx.com. the information on the csx website is not part of this annual report on form 10-k.