item 7.      management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8. of this report and the matters described under item 1a. risk factors. we make statements in this section that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. for a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section in this report entitled "forward-looking statements."
a discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for 2023 as compared to 2022 is presented herein. information on 2021 is presented in graphs and other tables only to show year-over-year trends in our results of operations and operating metrics. our financial condition for 2021 and results of operations for 2021 - and also 2021 as compared to 2022 - can be found under item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 27, 2023.
business overview and strategy digital realty trust, inc., through its controlling interest in digital realty trust, l.p. and its subsidiaries, delivers comprehensive space, power, and interconnection solutions that enable its customers and partners to connect with each other and service their own customers on a global technology and real estate platform. we are a leading global provider of data center, colocation and interconnection solutions for customers across a variety of industry verticals. digital realty trust, inc. operates as a reit for federal income tax purposes, and our operating partnership is the entity through which we conduct our business and own our assets.
(i)   sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit;
(ii)   cash flow and returns to our stockholders and digital realty trust, l.p.'s unitholders through the payment of distributions; and
(iii)   return on invested capital.
we expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. a significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties.
we target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers and properties that may be developed for such use. most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. fundamentally, we bring together foundational real estate and innovative technology expertise around the world to deliver a comprehensive, dedicated product suite to meet customers' data and connectivity needs. we represent an important part of the digital economy that we believe will benefit from powerful, long-term growth drivers.
we have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. we expect to continue to acquire additional assets as part of our growth strategy. we intend to aggressively manage and lease our assets to increase their cash flow. we may continue to build out our development portfolio when justified by anticipated demand and returns.
index to financial statements we may acquire properties subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or we may incur new indebtedness in connection with acquiring or refinancing these properties. debt service on such indebtedness will have a priority over any cash dividends with respect to digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and preferred stock. we are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure. our goal is to average through business cycles the following financial ratios: 1) a debt-to-adjusted ebitda ratio around 5.5x, 2) a fixed charge coverage of greater than three times, and 3) floating rate debt at less than 20% of total outstanding debt. in addition, we strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule, and we seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital, while minimizing the cost.
summary of 2023 significant activities we completed the following significant activities in 2023 as described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements:
●   in 2023, we closed on the sale of three non-core assets for gross proceeds of approximately $341 million resulting in a net gain on sale in the aggregate of approximately $87 million. the assets and liabilities sold were not representative of a significant component of our portfolio nor did the sale represent a significant shift in our strategy.
●   in july 2023, we formed a joint venture with gi partners, and gi partners acquired a 65% interest in two stabilized hyperscale data center buildings in the chicago metro area that we contributed. we received approximately $0.7 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and the associated financing and retained a 35% interest in the joint venture. as a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $238 million. we also granted gi partners an option to purchase an interest in the third facility on the same hyperscale data center campus in chicago. in addition, gi partners has a call option to increase their ownership interest in the joint venture from 65% to 80%. the call option top-up election notice was delivered to the company on december 21, 2023. on january 12, 2024, gi partners made an additional cash capital contribution in the amount of $68 million, resulting in an additional 15% ownership in the joint venture. currently, gi partners has an 80% interest in the joint venture, and we have retained a 20% interest. we perform the day-to-day accounting and property management functions for the joint venture and, as such, will earn a management fee.
●   in july 2023, we formed a joint venture with tpg real estate, and tpg real estate acquired an 80% interest in three stabilized hyperscale data center buildings in northern virginia that we contributed. we received approximately $1.4 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and the associated financing and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. as a result of transferring control, we derecognized the data centers and recognized a gain on disposition of approximately $576 million. we perform the day-to-day accounting and property management functions for the joint venture and, as such, will earn a management fee.
●   in november 2023, we formed a joint venture with realty income to support the development of two data centers in northern virginia. the facilities were 100% pre-leased prior to construction. we contributed the two data center buildings at a purchase price of $185 million, which represented costs spent through november 10, 2023, to the new joint venture. we received approximately $148 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. realty income contributed such cash to the joint venture in exchange for an 80% interest in the joint venture. each partner will fund its pro rata share of the remaining $150 million estimated development cost for the first phase of the project, which is slated for completion in mid-2024. we perform the day-to-day accounting and property management functions for the joint venture and, as such, will earn a management fee.
index to financial statements revenue base most of our revenue consists of rental income generated by the data centers in our portfolio. our ability to generate and grow revenue depends on several factors, including our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates. a summary of our data center portfolio and related square feet (in thousands) occupied (excluding space under development or held for development) is shown below. unconsolidated portfolios shown below consist of assets owned by unconsolidated entities in which we have invested. we often provide management services for these entities under management agreements and receive management fees. these are shown as managed unconsolidated portfolio. entities for which we do not provide such services are shown as non-managed unconsolidated portfolio.
(2)   space under active development includes current base building and data center projects in progress and excludes space held for development. for additional information on the current and future investment for space under active development, see "liquidity and capital resources-development projects".
(3)   space held for development includes space held for future data center development and excludes space under active development. for additional information on the current investment for space held for development, see "liquidity and capital resources-development projects".
index to financial statements leasing activities due to the capital-intensive and long-term nature of the operations we support, our lease terms with customers are generally longer than standard commercial leases. as of december 31, 2023, our average remaining lease term was approximately five years.
our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. the subsequent table summarizes our leasing activity in the year ended december 31, 2023 (square feet in thousands):
leasing activity (3)(4)
leasing activity summary
(1)   for some of our properties, we calculate square footage based on factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including power, required support space and common area.
(6)   other includes powered base building shell capacity as well as storage and office space within fully improved data center facilities.
we continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space and, subject to the supply of available data center space in these metropolitan areas, we expect average aggregate rental rates on renewed data center leases for 2024 expirations to be positive as compared with the rates currently being paid for the same space on a gaap basis and on a cash basis. our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. further, re-leased/renewed rental rates in a particular metropolitan area may not be consistent with rental rates across our portfolio as a whole and may fluctuate from one period to another due to a number of factors, including local economic conditions, local supply and demand for data center space, competition from other data center developers or operators, the condition of the property and whether the property, or space within the property, has been developed.
index to financial statements geographic concentration we depend on the market for data centers in specific geographic regions and significant changes in these regional or metropolitan areas can impact our future results. the following table shows the geographic concentration based on annualized rent from our portfolio, including data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities.
metropolitan area          total annualized rent (1)
(1)   annualized rent is monthly contractual rent (defined as cash base rent before abatements) under existing leases as of the end of the period presented multiplied by 12. includes consolidated portfolio and unconsolidated entities at the entities' 100% ownership level. the aggregate amount of abatements for the year ended december 31, 2023 was approximately $105.3 million.
operating expenses operating expenses primarily consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance and site maintenance costs, and rental expenses on our ground and building leases. our buildings require significant power to support data center operations and the cost of electric power and other utilities is a significant component of operating expenses.
many of our leases contain provisions under which tenants reimburse us for all or a portion of property operating expenses and real estate taxes incurred by us. however, in some cases we are not entitled to reimbursement of property operating expenses, other than utility expense, and real estate taxes under our leases for turn-key flex® facilities. we expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.
costs pertaining to our asset management function, legal, accounting, corporate governance, reporting and compliance are categorized as general and administrative costs within operating expenses.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities, gain on disposition of properties, interest expense, and income tax expense make up the majority of other income/(expenses). equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities represents our share of the income/(loss) of entities in which we invest, but do not consolidate under u.s. gaap. the largest of these investments is currently our investment in ascenty, which is located primarily in latin america. our second-largest equity-method investment is digital core reit, which is publicly traded on the singapore exchange ("sgx") and which owns a portfolio of 12 properties operating in the united states, canada, germany and japan. refer to additional discussion of digital core reit and ascenty in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations as a result of the consistent and significant growth in our business since the first property acquisition in 2002, we evaluate period-to-period results for revenue and property level operating expenses on a stabilized versus non-stabilized portfolio basis.
stabilized: the stabilized portfolio includes properties owned as of the beginning of all periods presented with less than 5% of total rentable square feet under development.
non-stabilized: the non-stabilized portfolio includes: (1) properties that were undergoing, or were expected to undergo, development activities during any of the periods presented; (2) any properties contributed to joint ventures, sold, or held for sale during the periods presented; and (3) any properties that were acquired or delivered at any point during the periods presented.
dispositions / sales                                 (2,250)                (526)       (2,776)
(i)   $289.0 million in utility reimbursement largely driven by power price and usage increases;
(i)   an increase of $243.6 million due to the completion of our global development pipeline and related lease up operating activities (the markets with the largest contributions were northern virginia, portland, london and paris);
(ii)   $140.5 million generated as a result of the teraco acquisition in august 2022; and
total utilities                                                                     1,471,836                1,005,070               466,766        46.4   %
total rental property operating and maintenance (excluding utilities)                 909,830                  820,747                89,083        10.9   %
property level operating expenses include costs to operate and maintain the properties in our portfolio as well as taxes and insurance. many of our lease agreements allow us to pass through expenses to our customers. reimbursement revenue increased 31% in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, mitigating a portion of the expense growth shown above.
total utilities total stabilized utilities expenses increased by approximately $320.7 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to higher rates and an increase in utility consumption at certain properties in the stabilized portfolio.
total non-stabilized utilities expenses increased by approximately $146.1 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to (i) an increase of $72.4 million due to the completion of our global development pipeline and related lease up operating activities (the markets with the biggest contributions were northern virginia, portland, frankfurt, london and paris); (ii) $42.1 million generated as a result of the teraco acquisition in august 2022; and (iii) offset by power agreement credits that decreased $31.6 million.
the cost of electric power comprises a significant component of our operating expenses. any additional taxation or regulation of energy use, including as a result of (i) new legislation that the u.s. congress may pass, (ii) the regulations that the u.s. epa has proposed or finalized, (iii) regulations under legislation that states have passed or may pass, or (iv) any further legislation or regulations in emea, apac or other regions where we operate could significantly increase our costs, and we may not be able to effectively pass all of these costs on to our customers. these matters could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
total rental property operating and maintenance (excluding utilities)
total stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses (excluding utilities) increased by approximately $46.9 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to an increase in data center labor and common area maintenance expense. total non-stabilized rental property operating and maintenance expenses (excluding utilities) increased $42.2 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to higher lease and common area maintenance expense in a growing portfolio of recently completed development sites.
index to financial statements total property taxes and insurance total property taxes and insurance increased by approximately $24.7 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to accruals for anticipated assessment increases in 2023, mainly within the chicago metro area.
provision for impairment total provision for impairment increased by approximately $115.4 million compared to the same period in 2022 primarily due to the decline in fair value of our equity investment in dcru, which was considered other than temporary due to the length of time and extent to which the fair value of our investment has been less than the carrying value. as a result, we recorded an impairment charge of $95 million during the three months ended september 30, 2023.
other operating expenses other operating expenses include costs which are either non-cash in nature (such as depreciation and amortization) or which do not directly pertain to operation of data center properties. a comparison of other operating expenses for the respective period is shown below (in thousands).
n/m - not meaningful equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities equity in earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities decreased approximately $16.3 million compared to the same period in 2022. depreciation associated with new joint ventures, delivery of assets under construction and accelerated depreciation at one entity related to a customer bankruptcy drove this fluctuation.
gain on disposition of properties, net gain on disposition of properties, net increased approximately $723.8 million as compared to the same period in 2022.
in july 2023, we received approximately $0.7 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture with gi partners for a net gain on sale of approximately $238 million and we received approximately $1.4 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture with tpg real estate for a net gain on sale of approximately $576 million.
(i)   an increase of $75.5 million due to the funding of the euro term loan (€750 million) in august 2022 along with the u.s. dollar term loan ($740 million) in january 2023;
(iii)   an increase of $48.5 million in credit facilities interest expense as a result of higher average balances and higher interest rates;
(iv)   an increase of $33.3 million due to the teraco acquisition; and
(v)   offset by an increase in capitalized interest of $46.1 million as a result of increased construction activities and higher interest rates and $25.7 million due to income related to cross-currency swaps and interest rate swaps.
income tax expense income tax expense increased by approximately $44.0 million as compared to the same period in 2022 due to increased profitability, jurisdictional rate mix in foreign jurisdictions, and reduced benefit included in 2022 reported income tax expense associated with valuation allowance releases.
liquidity and capital resources the sections "analysis of liquidity and capital resources - parent" and "analysis of liquidity and capital resources - operating partnership" should be read in conjunction with one another to understand our liquidity and capital resources on a consolidated basis. the term "parent" refers to digital realty trust, inc. on an unconsolidated basis, excluding our operating partnership. the term "operating partnership" or "op" refers to digital realty trust, l.p. on a consolidated basis.
analysis of liquidity and capital resources - parent our parent does not conduct business itself, other than acting as the sole general partner of the operating partnership, issuing public equity from time to time, incurring certain expenses in operating as a public company (which are fully reimbursed by the operating partnership) and guaranteeing certain unsecured debt of the operating partnership and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates. if our operating partnership or such subsidiaries fail to fulfill their debt requirements, which trigger parent guarantee obligations, then our parent will be required to fulfill its cash payment commitments under such guarantees. our parent's only material asset is its investment in our operating partnership.
our parent's principal funding requirement is the payment of dividends on its common and preferred stock. our parent's principal source of funding is the distributions it receives from our operating partnership.
as the sole general partner of our operating partnership, our parent has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our operating partnership's day-to-day management and control. our parent causes our operating partnership to distribute such portion of its available cash as our parent may in its discretion determine, in the manner provided in our operating partnership's partnership agreement.
index to financial statements as circumstances warrant, our parent may issue equity from time to time on an opportunistic basis, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. any proceeds from such equity issuances would generally be contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for additional equity interests in our operating partnership. our operating partnership may use the proceeds to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities.
our parent and our operating partnership were parties to an at-the-market (atm) equity offeringsm sales agreement dated april 1, 2022, as amended in 2023 (the "2022 sales agreement"). pursuant to the 2022 sales agreement, digital realty trust, inc. could issue and sell common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $1.5 billion through various named agents from time to time. for the year ended december 31, 2023, our parent generated net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from the issuance of approximately 11.3 million common shares under the 2022 sales agreement at an average price of $96.35 per share after payment of approximately $7.5 million of commissions to the agents. the 2022 sales agreement was terminated on august 4, 2023, and our parent and our operating partnership entered into a new atm equity offeringsm sales agreement dated august 4, 2023 (the "2023 sales agreement"). at the time of the termination, $408.7 million remained unsold under the 2022 sales agreement. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we had no sales under the 2022 sales agreement. the proceeds from the issuances under the 2022 sales agreement for the year ended december 31, 2023 were contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for the issuance of approximately 11.3 million common units to our parent company.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, digital realty trust, inc. generated net proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from the issuance of approximately 8.7 million common shares under the 2023 sales agreement at an average price of $133.21 per share after payment of approximately $11.4 million of commissions to the agents. as of december 31, 2023, approximately $343.4 million remained available for future sales under the 2023 sales agreement. the proceeds from the issuances under the 2023 sales agreement for the year ended december 31, 2023 were contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for the issuance of approximately 8.7 million common units to our parent company.
on september 13, 2021, digital realty trust, inc. completed an underwritten public offering of approximately 6.3 million shares of its common stock, all of which were offered in connection with forward sale agreements it entered into with certain financial institutions acting as forward purchasers. the forward purchasers borrowed and sold an aggregate of approximately 6.3 million shares of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock in the public offering. digital realty trust, inc. did not receive any proceeds from the sale of our common stock by the forward purchasers in the public offering. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we fully settled the forward sale agreements by issuing approximately 6.3 million shares, resulting in proceeds of approximately $939.0 million. upon physical settlement of the forward sale agreements, the operating partnership issued general partner common partnership units to digital realty trust, inc. in exchange for contribution of the net proceeds.
we believe our operating partnership's sources of working capital, specifically its cash flow from operations, and funds available under its global revolving credit facility are adequate for it to make its distribution payments to our parent and, in turn, for our parent to make its dividend payments to its stockholders. however, we cannot assure you that our operating partnership's sources of capital will continue to be available at all or in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, including making distribution payments to our parent. the lack of availability of capital could adversely affect our operating partnership's ability to pay its distributions to our parent, which would in turn, adversely affect our parent's ability to pay cash dividends to its stockholders.
future uses of cash - parent our parent may from time to time seek to retire, redeem or repurchase its equity or the debt securities of our operating partnership or its subsidiaries through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, redemptions or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
index to financial statements dividends and distributions - parent our parent is required to distribute 90% of its taxable income (excluding capital gains) on an annual basis to continue to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes. our parent intends to make, but is not contractually bound to make, regular quarterly distributions to its common stockholders from cash flow from our operating partnership's operating activities. while historically our parent has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to its stockholders, it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property. all such distributions are at the discretion of our parent's board of directors. our parent considers market factors and our operating partnership's performance in addition to reit requirements in determining distribution levels. our parent has distributed at least 100% of its taxable income annually since inception to minimize corporate level federal and state income taxes. amounts accumulated for distribution to stockholders are invested primarily in interest-bearing accounts and short-term interest-bearing securities, which are consistent with our intention to maintain our parent's status as a reit.
as a result of this distribution requirement, our operating partnership cannot rely on retained earnings to fund its ongoing operations to the same extent that other companies whose parent companies are not reits can. our parent may need to continue to raise capital in the debt and equity markets to fund our operating partnership's working capital needs, as well as potential developments at new or existing properties, acquisitions or investments in existing or newly created joint ventures. in addition, our parent may be required to use borrowings under the operating partnership's global revolving credit facility (which is guaranteed by our parent), if necessary, to meet reit distribution requirements and maintain our parent's reit status.
distributions out of our parent's current or accumulated earnings and profits are generally classified as ordinary income whereas distributions in excess of our parent's current and accumulated earnings and profits, to the extent of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent's stock, are generally classified as a return of capital. distributions in excess of a stockholder's u.s. federal income tax basis in our parent's stock are generally characterized as capital gain. cash provided by operating activities has been generally sufficient to fund distributions on an annual basis. however, we may also need to utilize borrowings under the global revolving credit facility to fund distributions.
the expected tax treatment of distributions on our parent's common stock and preferred stock paid in 2023 is as follows: approximately 40% ordinary income and 60% as capital gain distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent's common stock and preferred stock paid in 2022 was as follows: approximately 59% ordinary income, 16% as capital gain distribution, and 25% as nondividend distribution. the tax treatment of distributions on our parent's common stock paid in 2021 was as follows: approximately 9% ordinary income and 91% capital gain distribution.
for additional information regarding dividends declared and paid by our parent on its common and preferred stock for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, see item 8, note 14. "equity and capital" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained herein.
index to financial statements analysis of liquidity and capital resources - operating partnership as of december 31, 2023, we had $1,625.5 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding $11.0 million of restricted cash. restricted cash primarily consists of contractual capital expenditures plus other deposits and is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. as circumstances warrant, our operating partnership may dispose of stabilized assets or enter into joint venture arrangements with institutional investors or strategic partners, on an opportunistic basis dependent upon market conditions. our operating partnership may use the proceeds from such dispositions to acquire additional properties, to fund development opportunities and for general working capital purposes, including the repayment of indebtedness. our liquidity requirements primarily consist of:
●   development costs and other expenditures associated with our properties, including joint ventures;
●   distributions to our parent to enable it to make dividend payments;
●   distributions to unitholders of common limited partnership interests in digital realty trust, l.p.,
●   potentially, acquisitions.
on november 18, 2021, we refinanced our global revolving credit facility and yen revolving credit facility. on april 5, 2022, the operating partnership entered into an amendment of the global revolving credit facility which, among other things, increased the size of the global revolving credit facility from $3.0 billion to $3.75 billion. the global revolving credit facilities provide for borrowings of up to $3.9 billion (including approximately $0.2 billion available to be drawn on the yen revolving credit facility) based on currency commitments and foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2023. the global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings in a variety of currencies and can be increased by an additional $750 million, subject to receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. both facilities mature on january 24, 2026, with two six-month extension options available.
these facilities also feature a sustainability-linked pricing component, with pricing subject to adjustment based on annual performance targets, further demonstrating our continued leadership and commitment to sustainable business practices.
the global revolving credit facility provides for borrowings in a variety of currencies and includes the ability to add additional currencies in the future. we have used and intend to use available borrowings under the global revolving credit facilities to acquire additional properties, fund development opportunities and for general working capital and other corporate purposes, including potentially for the repurchase, redemption or retirement of outstanding debt or equity securities. for additional information regarding our global revolving credit facilities, see item 8, note 11. "debt of the operating partnership" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future uses of cash our properties require periodic investments of capital for customer-related capital expenditures and for general capital improvements. depending upon customer demand, we expect to incur significant improvement costs to build out and develop additional capacity. at december 31, 2023, we had open commitments, related to construction contracts of approximately $2.2 billion, including amounts reimbursable of approximately $78.3 million.
we currently expect to incur approximately $2.0 billion to $2.5 billion of capital expenditures, net of partner contributions for our development programs, during the year ending december 31, 2024. this amount could go up or down, potentially materially, based on numerous factors, including changes in demand, leasing results and availability of debt or equity capital.
index to financial statements development projects the costs we incur to develop our properties is a key component of our liquidity requirements. the following table summarizes our cumulative investments in current development projects as well as expected future investments in these projects as of the periods presented, excluding square feet held in and costs incurred or to be incurred by unconsolidated entities.
(1)   we estimate the total net rentable square feet available for lease based on a number of factors in addition to contractually leased square feet, including available power, required support space and common areas. excludes square footage of properties held in unconsolidated entities. square footage is based on current estimates and project plans, and may change upon completion of the project due to remeasurement.
(3)   represents estimated cost to complete specific scope of work pursuant to contract, budget or approved capital plan.
(6)   includes costs incurred on consolidated entities and $57.5 million classified as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures in our consolidated balance sheet representing digital realty inc.'s 20% interest in two development projects contributed a joint venture with realty income on november 10, 2023.
(7)   includes $328.5 million classified as assets held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet related to two development projects that were contributed to a joint venture with blackstone on january 11, 2024. for additional information, see item 8, note 22. "subsequent events" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
land inventory and space held for development reflect cumulative cost spent pending future development. base building construction consists of ongoing improvements to building infrastructure in preparation for future data center fit-out. data center construction includes 7.6 million square feet of turn key flex® and powered base building® product. generally, we expect to deliver the space within 12 months; however, lease commencement dates may significantly impact final delivery schedules. equipment pool and other inventory represent the value of long-lead equipment and materials required for timely deployment and delivery of data center construction fit-out. campus, tenant improvements and other costs include the value of development work which benefits space recently converted to our operating portfolio and is composed primarily of shared infrastructure projects and first-generation tenant improvements.
index to financial statements capital expenditures (cash basis)
the table below summarizes our capital expenditure activity for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands):
recurring capital expenditures                                      327,022                  266,466
total capital expenditures (excluding indirect costs)            $3,309,625               $2,489,547
for the year ended december 31, 2023, total capital expenditures increased $0.8 billion to approximately $3.3 billion from $2.5 billion for the same period in 2022. capital expenditures on our development projects plus our enhancement and improvements projects for the year ended december 31, 2023 were approximately $3.0 billion, which reflects an increase of approximately 34% from the same period in 2022. our development capital expenditures are generally funded by our available cash and equity and debt capital.
indirect costs, including interest, capitalized in the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were $216.0 million and $156.9 million, respectively. capitalized interest comprised approximately $116.8 million and $70.8 million of the total indirect costs capitalized for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. capitalized interest in the year ended december 31, 2023 increased, compared to the same period in 2022, due to an increase in qualifying activities and higher interest rates.
excluding capitalized interest, indirect costs in the year ended december 31, 2023 increased compared to the same period in 2022 due primarily to capitalized amounts relating to compensation expense of employees directly engaged in construction activities.
consistent with our growth strategy, we actively pursue potential acquisition opportunities, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. the dollar value of acquisitions for the year ending december 31, 2024 will depend upon numerous factors, including customer demand, leasing results, availability of debt or equity capital and acquisition opportunities. further, the growing acceptance by private institutional investors of the data center asset class has generally pushed capitalization rates lower, as such private investors may often have lower return expectations than us. as a result, we anticipate near-term single asset acquisitions activity to comprise a smaller percentage of our growth while this market dynamic persists.
we may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt or the equity of our parent through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity securities of our parent in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend upon prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions or other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
sources of cash we expect to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including payment of scheduled debt maturities and funding of acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, with net cash from operations, future long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness and the issuance of equity and debt securities and the proceeds of equity issuances by our parent. we also may fund future short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and non-recurring capital improvements, using our global revolving credit facilities pending permanent financing. as of february 21, 2024, we had approximately $2.0 billion of borrowings available under our global revolving credit facilities.
index to financial statements our global revolving credit facilities provides for borrowings up to $3.9 billion (including approximately $0.2 billion available to be drawn on the yen revolving credit facility). we have the ability from time to time to increase the size of the global revolving credit facility by up to $750 million, subject to the receipt of lender commitments and other conditions precedent. both facilities mature on january 24, 2026, with two six-month extension options available; provided that the operating partnership must pay a 0.0625% extension fee based on each lender's revolving commitments then outstanding (whether funded or unfunded). these facilities also feature a sustainability-linked pricing component, with pricing subject to adjustment based on annual performance targets, further demonstrating our continued leadership and commitment to sustainable business practices. we have used and intend to use available borrowings under the global revolving credit facilities to fund our liquidity requirements from time to time. for additional information regarding our global revolving credit facility, see note 11. "debt of the operating partnership" to consolidated financial statements contained herein.
the euro term loan facilities provide (i) a €375,000,000 three-year senior unsecured term loan facility and (ii) a €375,000,000 five-year senior unsecured term loan facility, comprised of €125,000,000 of initial term loans, and €250,000,000 of delayed draw term loan commitments that were funded on september 9, 2023. the euro term loan facilities provide for borrowings in euros. the 2025 term facility matures on august 11, 2025. the 2025-27 term facility matures on august 11, 2025, subject to two maturity extension options of one year each; provided that the operating partnership must pay a 0.125% extension fee based on the then-outstanding principal amount of the 2025-27 term facility commitments then outstanding. for additional information regarding our euro term loan facilities and the defined terms used above, see note 11. "debt of the operating partnership" to consolidated financial statements contained herein.
on october 25, 2022, the company, the operating partnership, and certain of the operating partnership's subsidiaries entered into an escrow agreement, pursuant to which the operating partnership delivered executed signature pages to a new term loan agreement to be held in escrow upon satisfaction of specific terms. on january 9, 2023, the terms and conditions of the agreement were satisfied, and, on such date, the term loan was deemed executed and became effective. the usd term loan facility provides for a $740 million senior unsecured term loan facility and borrowings in u.s. dollars. the usd term loan facility will mature on march 31, 2025, subject to one twelve-month extension at the operating partnership's option; provided, that the operating partnership must pay a 0.1875% extension fee based on the then-outstanding principal amount of the term loans under the usd term loan facility.
in december 2022, teraco entered into a syndicated loan facility worth r11.8 billion (approximately $681 million based on the exchange rate on december 6, 2022), of which r5.7 billion (approximately $329 million based on the exchange rate on december 6, 2022) was used to finance the company's continued growth and r6.1 billion (approximately $329 million based on the exchange rate on december 6, 2022) refinanced and extended the average maturity profile of existing drawn debt. the new facility matures in december 2028.
on july 13, 2023, we formed a joint venture with gi partners, and gi partners acquired a 65% interest in two stabilized hyperscale data center buildings in the chicago metro area that we contributed. we received approximately $0.7 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and the associated financing and retained a 35% interest in the joint venture. we also granted gi partners an option to purchase an interest in the third facility on the same hyperscale data center campus in chicago. in addition, gi partners has a call option to increase their ownership interest in the joint venture from 65% to 80%. the call option top-up election notice was delivered to the company on december 21, 2023. on january 12, 2024, gi partners made an additional cash capital contribution in the amount of $68 million, resulting in an additional 15% ownership in the joint venture. currently, gi partners has an 80% interest in the joint venture, and we have retained a 20% interest. we perform the day-to-day accounting and property management functions for the joint venture and, as such, will earn a management fee.
on july 25, 2023, we formed a joint venture with tpg real estate, and tpg real estate acquired an 80% interest in three stabilized hyperscale data center buildings in northern virginia that we contributed. we received approximately $1.4 billion of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and the associated financing and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture. we perform the day-to-day accounting and property management functions for the joint venture and, as such, will earn a management fee.
on november 10, 2023, we formed a joint venture with realty income to support the development of two data centers in northern virginia. the facilities were 100% pre-leased prior to construction. we contributed the two data center buildings at a purchase price of $185 million, which represented costs spent through november 10, 2023, to the new joint venture. we received approximately $148 million of gross proceeds from the contribution of our data centers to the joint venture and retained a 20% interest in the joint venture.
distributions all distributions on our units are at the discretion of our parent's board of directors. for additional information regarding distributions paid on our common and preferred units for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, see item 8, note 14. "equity and capital" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
outstanding consolidated indebtedness the tables below summarize our outstanding debt, and also our contractual debt maturities and principal payments as of december 31, 2023 (in thousands):
index to financial statements contractual debt maturities and principal payments
global revolving                  unsecured                  unsecured                secured and credit facilities (1)(2)          term loans(3)(4)           senior notes             other debt            total debt
(1)   includes amounts outstanding under the global revolving credit facilities.
(2)   the global revolving credit facilities are subject to two six-month extension options exercisable by us; provided that the operating partnership must pay a 0.0625% extension fee based on each lender's revolving commitments then outstanding (whether funded or unfunded).
(3)   a €375.0 million senior unsecured term loan facility is subject to two maturity extension options of one year each, provided that the operating partnership must pay a 0.125% extension fee based on the then-outstanding principal amount of such facility commitments then outstanding. our u.s. term loan facility of $740 million is subject to one twelve-month extension, provided that the operating partnership must pay a 0.1875% extension fee based on the then-outstanding principal amount of the term loans.
(4)   on january 9, 2024, we paid down $240 million on the u.s. term loan facility, leaving $500 million outstanding. the paydown will result in an early extinguishment charge of approximately $1.1 million during the three months ending march 31, 2024.
our ratio of debt to total enterprise value was approximately 29% (based on the closing price of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock on december 31, 2023 of $134.58). for this purpose, our total enterprise value is defined as the sum of the market value of digital realty trust, inc.'s outstanding common stock (which may decrease, thereby increasing our debt to total enterprise value ratio), plus the liquidation value of digital realty trust, inc.'s preferred stock, plus the aggregate value of our operating partnership's units not held by digital realty trust, inc. (with the per unit value equal to the market value of one share of digital realty trust, inc.'s common stock and excluding long-term incentive units, class c units and class d units), plus the book value of our total consolidated indebtedness.
the variable rate debt shown above bears interest based on various one-month sofr, euribor, sora, bbr, hibor, tibor, base cd rate, cdor and jibar rates, depending on the respective agreement governing the debt, including our global revolving credit facilities, unsecured term loans, teraco loans and icn10 facilities. as of december 31, 2023, our debt had a weighted average term to initial maturity of approximately 4.1 years (or approximately 4.3 years assuming exercise of extension options).
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2023, our pro-rata share of secured debt of unconsolidated entities was approximately $1.5 billion.
2023                       2022        change net cash provided by operating activities                                        $1,634,780        $1,659,388                 $(24,608)
net cash used in investing activities                                           (1,115,111)                (4,699,403)                3,584,292
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                 963,474                  2,969,149                (2,005,675)
the changes in the activities that comprise net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022 consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
decrease in cash contributed to investments in unconsolidated entities, net              201,623
decrease in net cash used in investing activities                             $3,584,292
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities as compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to:
(i)a decrease in spend due to the completion of the teraco acquisition in august 2022 for approximately $1.7 billion;
(iii)a decrease in cash contributed to various investments in unconsolidated entities;
(iv)an increase in cash provided by the contribution of data centers to our joint ventures with gi partners, tpg real estate and realty income, for gross proceeds of approximately $0.7 billion, $1.4 billion, and $0.2 billion, respectively; and
index to financial statements the changes in the activities that comprise net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022 consisted of the following amounts (in thousands).
decrease in net cash provided by financing activities                               $(2,005,675)
the decrease in net cash provided by financing activities as compared to the same period in 2022 was primarily due to:
(ii)   a decrease in cash provided by proceeds from secured / unsecured debt due to the issuance of notes in 2022 (2032 notes in january 2022, swiss franc notes in march 2022, euro term loan in august 2022 and 2028 notes in september 2022), offset by the closing of the usd term loan facility in january 2023 and chf notes in october 2023;
(iv)   offset by an increase in cash provided by proceeds from the issuance of approximately 20.0 million shares of common stock, net of costs, of approximately $2.2 billion under our atm program, offset with the full settlement of forward sale agreements in 2022 ($939 million); and
(v)   an increase in dividend and distribution payments due to an increased number of common shares and common units outstanding.
noncontrolling interests in operating partnership noncontrolling interests relate to the common units in our operating partnership that are not owned by digital realty trust, inc., which, as of december 31, 2023, amounted to 2.0% of our operating partnership common units. historically, our operating partnership has issued common units to third party sellers in connection with our acquisition of real estate interests from such third parties.
limited partners have the right to require the operating partnership to redeem part or all of their common units for cash based on the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of digital realty trust, inc. common stock at the time of redemption. alternatively, digital realty trust, inc. may elect to acquire those common units in exchange for shares of its common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuance of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events. as of  december 31, 2023, approximately 0.2 million common units and incentive units of the operating partnership are classified within equity, except for certain common units issued to certain former dupont fabros technology, l.p. unitholders in the company's acquisition of dupont fabros technology, inc., which are subject to certain restrictions and, accordingly, are not presented as permanent equity in the consolidated balance sheet.
inflation many of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations. in addition, many of the leases provide for fixed base rent increases. we believe that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and expense escalations described above. a period of inflation, however, could cause an increase in the cost of our variable-rate borrowings, including borrowings under our global revolving credit facilities, borrowings under our euro term loan facilities and usd term loan facility and issuances of unsecured senior notes.
index to financial statements in addition, refer to "item 1a. risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion about risks that inflation directly or indirectly may pose to our business.
critical accounting policies a critical accounting policy is one that involves management's use of judgement regarding expected outcomes of uncertain events in order to make estimates and assumptions that are material to an entity's financial condition and results of operations. though we base our estimates and assumptions regarding these matters on historical and current conditions as well as future expectations, these estimates and assumptions are subjective in nature. changes to the estimates and assumptions we make regarding these matters could affect our financial position and specific items in our results of operations used by stockholders, potential investors, industry analysts and lenders in the evaluation of our performance. of the significant accounting policies described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the subsequent items have been identified by us as meeting the criteria to be considered critical accounting policies. refer to note 2 for more information on these critical accounting policies.
fair value measurements. fair value is intended to reflect the price that would be received for the sale of an asset or paid for the transfer of a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (the exit price). we use fair value measurements to enable us to determine the fair value of a variety of items. fair value measurements are most significant to our financial statements in the following areas: 1) evaluation of recoverability of real estate and intangible assets (which involves comparison of fair value of the assets to net book value to quantify any potential impairments), 2) accounting for assets held for sale (which involves recording assets qualifying for held for sale treatment at the lower of book value or fair value less costs to sell), and 3) determination of fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in connection with business combinations or asset acquisitions as well as certain equity interests in unconsolidated entities.
we estimate fair value using available market information and valuation methods we believe to be appropriate for these purposes. given the significant amount of judgement and subjectivity involved in the determination of fair value, estimated fair value is not necessarily indicative of amounts that would be realized on disposition. refer to note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
recoverability of real estate assets. we assess the carrying value of our properties whenever events or circumstances indicate carrying amounts of these assets may not be fully recoverable ("triggering events"). triggering events typically relate to a change in the expected holding period of a property, an adverse change in expected future cash flows of the property, or a trend of past cash flow losses that is expected to continue in the future. if our assessment of triggering events indicates the carrying value of a property or asset group might not be recoverable, we estimate the future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets and compare that amount to the book value of the assets. if our future undiscounted net cash flow evaluation indicates we are unable to recover the carrying value of a property or asset group, we record an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of the property or asset group exceeds fair value. refer to note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
consolidation. we consolidate all entities that are wholly owned as well as all partially-owned entities that we control. in addition, we consolidate any variable interest entities ("vies") for which we are the primary beneficiary. we evaluate whether or not an entity is a vie (and we are the primary beneficiary) through consideration of substantive terms in the arrangement to identify which enterprise has the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses/receive benefits from the entity.
index to financial statements for entities that do not meet the definition of vies, we first consider if we are the general partner or a limited partner (or the equivalent in investments not structured as partnerships). we consolidate entities in which we are the general partner and the limited partners do not have rights that would preclude control. for entities in which we are the general partner, but the limited partners hold substantive participating or kick-out rights that prohibit our ability to control the entity, we apply the equity method of accounting since, as the general partner, we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the entities. for entities in which we are a limited partner, or that are not structured similar to a partnership, we consider factors such as ownership interest, voting control, authority to make decisions and contractual and substantive participating rights of the partners. when factors indicate we have a controlling financial interest in an entity, we consolidate the entity. refer to note 8. "investments in unconsolidated entities" of the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue recognition. we generate the majority of our revenue by leasing our properties to customers under operating lease agreements, which are accounted for under accounting standards codification 842, leases ("asc 842"). we recognize the total minimum lease payments provided for under the leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term if we determine it is probable that substantially all of the lease payments will be collected over the lease term.
we estimate the probability of collection of lease payments based on customer creditworthiness, outstanding accounts receivable balances, and historical bad debts - as well as current economic trends. if collection of substantially all lease payments over the lease term is not probable, rental revenue is recognized when payment is received, and we record a reduction to rental revenue equal to the balance of any deferred rent and rent receivable, less the balance of any security deposits or letters of credit. if collection is subsequently determined to be probable, we: 1) resume recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis, 2) record incremental revenue such that the cumulative amount recognized is equal to the amount that would have been recorded on a straight-line basis since inception of the lease, and 3) reverse the allowance for bad debt recorded on outstanding receivables.
funds from operations we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, in accordance with the standards established by the national association of real estate investment trusts (nareit) in the nareit funds from operations white paper - 2018 restatement. ffo is a non-gaap financial measure and represents net income (loss) (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gain (loss) from the disposition of real estate assets, provision for impairment, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs), our share of unconsolidated jv real estate related depreciation & amortization, net income attributable to non-controlling interests in operating partnership and, depreciation related to non-controlling interests. management uses ffo as a supplemental performance measure because, in excluding real estate related depreciation and amortization and gains and losses from property dispositions and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures, it provides a performance measure that, when compared year over year, captures trends in occupancy rates, rental rates and operating costs. we also believe that, as a widely recognized measure of the performance of reits, ffo will be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other reits. however, because ffo excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our data centers that result from use or market conditions, nor the level of capital expenditures and capitalized leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our data centers, all of which have real economic effect and could materially impact our financial condition and results from operations, the utility of ffo as a measure of our performance is limited. other reits may not calculate ffo in accordance with the nareit definition and, accordingly, our ffo may not be comparable to other reits' ffo. ffo should be considered only as a supplement to net income computed in accordance with gaap as a measure of our performance.
(in thousands, except per share and unit data)
(unaudited)
gain from the disposition of real estate assets                                                     (908,356)                       (177,332)                       (1,445,229)
ffo available to common stockholders and unitholders (2)                                  $1,915,747                      $1,819,396                      $1,842,971
basic ffo per share and unit                                                              $6.29                           $6.23                           $6.37
diluted ffo per share and unit (2)(3)                                                     $6.20                           $6.03                           $6.36
weighted average common stock and units outstanding basic                                                                                                 304,651                         292,123                           289,165
(2)   as part of the acquisition of teraco in 2022, certain of teraco's minority indirect shareholders have the right to put their shares in an upstream parent company of teraco to the company in exchange for cash or the equivalent value of shares of the company common stock, or a combination thereof. us gaap requires the company to assume the put right is settled in shares for purposes of calculating diluted eps. this same approach was utilized to calculate ffo/share. when calculating diluted ffo, teraco related minority interest is added back to the ffo numerator as the denominator assumes all shares have been put back to the company. the teraco noncontrolling share of ffo was $39,386 and $11,919 for the year ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
weighted average common stock and units outstanding                304,651          292,123          289,165
add: effect of dilutive securities                                  10,462           11,585   747
weighted average common stock and units outstanding-diluted        315,113          303,708          289,912