item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with those consolidated financial statements. this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons for the current year and the prior year. discussions of 2021 items can be found in 'management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations' in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
business and operational overview fastenal is a north american leader in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies. we distribute these supplies through a network of more than 3,400 in-market locations. our largest end market is manufacturing. sales to these customers includes products for both original equipment manufacturing (oem), where our products are consumed in the final products of our customers, and manufacturing, repair and operations (mro), where our products are consumed to support the facilities and ongoing operations of our customers. we also service general and commercial contractors in non-residential end markets as well as farmers, truckers, railroads, oil exploration companies, oil production and refinement companies, mining companies, federal, state, and local governmental entities, schools, and certain retail trades. geographically, our branches, onsite locations, and customers are primarily located in north america, though we continue to grow our non-north american presence as well.
it is helpful to appreciate several aspects of our marketplace: first, it is big. we estimate the north american marketplace for industrial supplies is in excess of $140 billion per year (and we have expanded beyond north america) and no company has a significant portion of this market. second, many of the products we sell are individually inexpensive, but the cost and time to manage, procure, and transport these products can be quite meaningful. third, many customers prefer to reduce their number of mro and oem suppliers to simplify their business, while also utilizing various technologies and models (including our local branches when they need something quickly or unexpectedly) to improve availability and reduce waste. lastly, we believe the markets are efficient. in our view, this means that companies who grow market share are those that develop differentiated capabilities that provide the greatest value to the customer.
our approach to addressing these aspects of our marketplace is captured in our motto growth through customer service® and our tagline where industry meets innovationtm. the concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day that value the services we provide and increase our activity with them. however, execution is hard work. first, we recruit service-minded individuals to support customers and empower them to operate in a decentralized fashion to maximize their flexibility to solve customer problems. we support these customer-facing resources with a supply chain capability that is speedy, efficient, and cost-effective. this has formed the foundation of our high-touch model since inception. second, we invest in, develop, and deploy capabilities that allow us to illuminate and provide greater control over a customer's supply chain. these capabilities range from service models that take advantage of our local presence and/or our ability to more efficiently manage complex procurement needs, to hardware and software technologies that promote actionable data capture, improve operating efficiencies, and reduce supply chain risk. third, we strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to support our growth, our product and technology development, and the needs of our customers.
the ultimate aim of this 'high-touch, high-tech' approach to gaining market share is to allow us to get closer to our customers, going so far as to be right to the point of consumption within customers' facilities. marrying our presence, capabilities and technologies deepens our relationships and our understanding of our customers' day-to-day opportunities and obstacles. this, in turn, enhances our ability to provide innovative and comprehensive solutions to our customers' challenges. by doing these things every day, fastenal remains a growth-centric organization.
gross profit                                    $3,354.5                                   3,215.8                                       4.3      %                           $2,777.2                                      15.8      %
note - daily sales are defined as the total net sales for the period divided by the number of business days (in the united states) in the period.
2023 was a year of modest economic contraction in our key markets. the institute for supply management's purchasing manager's index (pmi) for the united states averaged 47.1 for the full year and remained below 50, the threshold demarcating manufacturing growth or contraction, every month. industrial production for the united states reflected moderating business activity, with markets that are most relevant to us, such as fabricated metals and machinery, declining at an accelerating rate through the year. in addition, inflation in product costing flattened out, with some deflation emerging in fastener products. the combined effect of these dynamics was to produce daily sales growth in 2023 that slowed appreciably from 2022. we continued to migrate to a key accounts-focused model, expand our onsite footprint, grow our installed base of fmi hardware, and lift the proportion of sales that run through our digital footprint. the efficiencies these investments provide and good organizational control of discretionary expenses allowed us to achieve a stable operating profit margin despite the challenges stemming from this slower and less inflationary environment. we also produced record operating cash flow which, combined with our confidence in the future cash generation capability of our business model, allowed us to pay a supplemental fifth dividend in the fourth quarter of 2023.
the table below summarizes our absolute and full-time equivalent (fte; based on 40 hours per week) employee headcount, our investments related to in-market locations (defined as the sum of the total number of branch locations and the total number of active onsite locations), and weighted fmi devices at the end of the periods presented and the percentage change compared to the end of the prior period.
number of active onsite locations                         1,822              1,623                   12.3      %
during the last twelve months, we increased our total fte employee headcount by 867. this reflects an increase in our total fte selling personnel of 594 to support growth in the marketplace and sales initiatives targeting customer acquisition. we had an increase in our distribution and transportation fte personnel of 124 to support increased product throughput at our facilities and to expand our local inventory fulfillment terminals (lifts). we had an increase in our remaining fte personnel of 149 that relates primarily to personnel investments in information technology, manufacturing, and operational support, such as purchasing and product development.
the table below summarizes the number of branches opened and closed, net of conversions, as well as the number of onsites activated and closed, net of conversions during the periods presented.
onsite activations                            329                           306
onsite closures, net of conversions         (130)                          (99)
our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy. in recent years, we have seen a gradual increase in our in-market locations because of significant growth in onsites and, to a lesser degree international branches, which has more than overcome a meaningful decline in our traditional branch network. in any period, the number of locations closed tends to reflect normal churn in our business, whether due to redefining or exiting customer relationships, the shutting or relocation of customer facilities that host our locations, or a customer decision, as well as our ongoing review of underperforming locations. we will continue to open or close locations to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses. however, we believe the strategic rationalization that has produced the meaningful decline in our traditional branch network in the united states and canada since 2013 is largely completed, and we expect reduced closing activity beginning in 2024.
gross profit                                                      45.7   %                  46.1   %
the increase in net sales noted above for 2023 was due to higher unit sales of mro, oem, and construction supplies, as well as higher pricing as further set forth below.
we believe higher unit sales in 2023 were primarily a result of our ability to gain market share, as most measures of industrial activity were flat to down throughout the period. despite this challenging environment, in 2023 we produced net sales growth of 5.2% and, owing to one fewer selling day in the period, daily sales growth of 5.7%. growth was led by our transportation customers, which includes sales to transportation services customers as the warehousing operations of retailer-oriented customers, and manufacturing end markets, which benefit disproportionately from our shift to a key account model. our non-residential construction and reseller customers contracted during the period, which we believe is due to our shift to a key account model which tends to de-emphasize walk-in, over-the-counter, and infrequent transactions.
we increased total onsite locations, the installed base of fmi devices, and our digital footprint in 2023, which enhanced the value we provide to our customers and supported our growth and efficiency. the rate of penetration we achieved with these growth drivers was uneven, however. we signed 326 onsites in 2023, below our goal at the start of 2023 of 375 to 400 units and slightly below the prior year signings of 356 units. we signed 24,126 fmi meus, meeting our goal at the start of 2023 of 23,000 to 25,000 meus and meaningfully above the prior year signings of 20,735 meus. we expanded the proportion of our sales running through our digital footprint to 56.1%, below our goal at the start of 2023 of 65.0% but above the prior year level of 49.3%.
sales by product line from a product standpoint, we have three categories: fasteners, safety supplies, and other product lines, the latter of which includes eight smaller product categories, such as tools, janitorial supplies, and cutting tools. the percent of sales in the periods below were as follows:
the shifts in product mix in 2023 compared to 2022 are largely attributable to two factors. first, fasteners are more heavily oriented toward production of final goods than maintenance, which results in greater susceptibility to periods of weaker industrial production. second, pricing for fasteners has decelerated at a faster pace than non-fastener products. these dynamics produced a meaningful divergence in the daily sales growth rates of our fastener versus our non-fastener product lines in 2023.
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
sequential trends we find it helpful to think about the monthly sequential changes in our business using the analogy of climbing a stairway - this stairway has several predictable landings where there is a pause in the sequential gain (i.e. april, july, and october to december), but generally speaking, climbs from january to october. the october landing then establishes the benchmark for the start of the next year.
history has identified these landings in our business cycle. they generally relate to months where certain holidays impair business days and/or seasons impact certain end markets, particularly non-residential construction. the first landing centers on easter and the good friday holiday that precedes it, which in any given year can fall in march or april, the second landing centers on july 4th, and the third landing centers on the approach of winter with its seasonal impact on primarily our non-residential construction business and with the christmas/new year holidays. the holidays we noted impact the trends because they either move from month-to-month or because they move around during the week.
the table below shows the pattern to the sequential change in our daily sales. the line labeled 'benchmark' is a historical average of our sequential daily sales change for the trailing five year average that excludes 2020. we have excluded 2020 from the average as the effects of the pandemic created unusual sequential patterns that we do not consider representative of normal trends. we believe this time frame serves to show the historical pattern and could serve as a benchmark. the '2023' and '2022' lines represent our actual sequential daily sales changes. the '23delta' and '22delta' lines indicate the difference between the 'benchmark' and the actual results in the respective year. under normal circumstances, the sequential trends shown below are directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. further, in any given month it is possible to get significant deviation from the benchmark.
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
(2)         the benchmark for each month is the average of the previous five years for that month. as covid-19-related surge sales made sequential averages in 2020 unrepresentative, the benchmark uses a preceding five-year average that excludes 2020. we also exclude the impact of the 2017 mansco acquisition.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
end market performance we estimate approximately 70% to 75% of our business is with customers engaged in some type of manufacturing, a significant subset of which finds its way into the heavy equipment market. the dsr change to our manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, was as follows:
we estimate approximately 25% to 30% of our business is with customers engaged in a wide range of activities, none of which individually constitute 10% of sales. this includes non-residential construction, reseller, transportation, and government customers. the dsr change to these remaining non-manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, was as follows:
product performance our products fall into two functional subsets: (1) original equipment manufacturing (oem) parts, which become part of a customer's finished good and (2) maintenance, repair, and operation (mro), which maintain the facilities and equipment used by our customers.
while certain products in our other product categories have an oem application, such as welding consumables or metal cutting carbides, the majority of our sales for oem applications are of fasteners. as a result, the best way to understand the change in our production business is to examine the results in our fastener product line (which represents 30% to 35% of our business). from a company perspective, the dsr change of fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, was as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
by contrast, while we do sell significant quantities of mro fasteners, the best way to understand the change in our mro business is to examine the results in our non-fastener product lines, which include safety, tools, janitorial, and other products. from a company perspective, the dsr change of non-fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, was as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
our non-fastener business is not immune to the impact of industrial cycles, but because it is more dependent on whether a facility is operating than how much product that facility is producing, it does tend to exhibit less volatility in its growth than our fastener business. we also expect growth of our non-fastener products to outperform growth of our fastener products over the course of a cycle. this reflects three things: the non-fastener market is larger than the fastener market, we are under penetrated in the non-fastener market relative to the fastener market, and industrial vending lends itself to sales of non-fastener products.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 45.7% in 2023 and 46.1% in 2022. this decrease was primarily related to two factors. first, in 2023 customer and product mix had a negative effect on our gross profit percentage. we continued to experience relatively strong growth from larger customers, including onsites, and non-fastener products, each of which tend to have a lower gross profit percentage than our business as a whole. second, we had higher organizational/overhead costs, including from higher inbound freight costs and working capital needs being relieved from inventory and generating higher period costs. these negative effects were partly offset by favorable freight costs, which reflects elevated domestic freight revenue leveraging what are relatively stable costs to support our captive fleet, lower expenses related to external freight providers, and lower fuel costs.
operating and administrative expenses our operating and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, improved to 24.9% in 2023 from 25.2% in 2022. this primarily reflected improvement, as a percentage of net sales, in employee-related expenses as bonuses and commissions were down as a result of slower sales and profit growth in 2023 versus the prior year.
employee-related expenses include: (1) payroll (which includes cash compensation, stock option expense, and profit sharing), (2) health care, (3) personnel development, and (4) social taxes.
our employee-related expenses increased in 2023 from 2022. this was related to higher base pay and employment taxes as a result of increased fte during the period and moderate wage inflation. this was partly offset by a decline in bonuses reflecting slower sales and profit growth versus the prior year.
occupancy-related expenses include: (1) building rent and depreciation, (2) building utility costs, (3) equipment related to our branches and distribution locations, and (4) industrial vending equipment and bins utilized as part of fmi services (we consider this hardware to be a logical extension of our in-market operations and classify the depreciation and repair costs as occupancy expenses).
our occupancy-related expenses increased in 2023 from 2022. this was related to: slightly higher depreciation and expenses related to a higher installed base of our fmi suite of technologies; moderately higher costs and depreciation for the maintenance, upgrade, and installation of equipment in hub and non-hub facilities; and a slight rise in branch rents related to higher inflation and branch size.
all other operating and administrative expenses include: (1) selling-related transportation, (2) information technology (it) expenses, (3) general corporate expenses, which consists of legal expenses, general insurance expenses, travel and marketing expenses, etc., and (4) sales of property and equipment.
net interest our net interest expense was $6.7 in 2023 compared to $13.6 in 2022. we carried lower average debt balances in 2023 relative to the prior year, with cash generated from working capital reductions enabling us to reduce outstanding revolver debt under our credit facility. this was only partly offset by slightly higher average rates against borrowings under our credit facility due to changing interest rate levels in the marketplace. we also generated higher interest income in 2023 relative to the prior year.
income taxes we recorded income tax expense of $367.0 in 2023, or 24.1% of earnings before income taxes, compared to $353.1 in 2022, or 24.5% of earnings before income taxes. the decrease in our tax rate in 2023 is due primarily to an increase in the tax benefit associated with the exercise of stock options.
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
in 2023, we experienced an increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings. the improvement in operating cash flow in 2023, as a percent of net earnings, reflects the reduced demand for working capital as a result of an improved supply chain and, to a lesser degree, slower business activity relative to the prior year.
trade working capital assets the following table sets forth the dollar and percentage change in accounts receivable, net, inventories, and accounts payable for the period ended december 31:
trade working capital                              $2,610.3                 (110.9)                                -4.1       %
trade working capital, net                         $2,346.2                 (120.1)                                -4.9       %
our inventory balances over time will respond to business activity, though various factors produce a looser relationship to our monthly sales patterns than we tend to experience in accounts receivable. one reason for this is because it is cyclical. we source significant quantities of product from overseas, and the lead time involved in procuring these products is typically longer than the visibility we have into future monthly sales patterns. as a result, trends in our inventory will often lag trends in economic conditions. a second reason relates to product cost and the length of our supply chain. a significant proportion of our products, particularly fasteners, are sourced from asia and transported primarily by ship and rail to our north american network for sale. this requires us to purchase a meaningful quantity of our products months in advance of those products being available for sale in our north american facilities. product that is in transit is in our inventory but is not available for sale, which can create a lag in our ability to adjust inventory levels or costs in response to rapid changes in economic or cost conditions. a third reason for increases in our inventory balances is our growth drivers, including our fmi offerings, onsite channel, and international expansion, all of which tend to require significant investments in inventory.
in 2023, our inventories decreased, reflecting the absence of supply chain disruptions from the prior year. our response at the time was to deepen our inventory as a means of maintaining high service to our customers, particularly for imported inventory. dissipation of these disruptions has allowed us to shorten our product ordering cycle. it is also likely that slower business activity reduced the level of inventory our customers required us to maintain to meet their production needs.
lease obligations we have facilities, equipment, and vehicles leased under operating leases. a discussion of our lease obligations is contained in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
our net cash used in investing activities in 2023 was comparable to 2022 and primarily related to investments for net capital expenditures.
property and equipment expenditures typically consist primarily of: (1) purchases related to industrial vending, (2) purchases of property and equipment related to expansion of and enhancements to distribution centers, (3) spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems, (4) the addition of fleet vehicles, (5) expansion, improvement or investment in certain owned or leased branch properties, and (6) the addition of manufacturing and warehouse equipment. proceeds from the sales of property and equipment, typically for the planned disposition of pick-up trucks as well as distribution vehicles and trailers in the normal course of business, are netted against these purchases and additions.
set forth below is a recap of our 2023 and 2022 net capital expenditures in dollars and as a percentage of net sales and net earnings:
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities                                    $83.9                        97.8
net capital expenditures                                                                                                          160.6                       162.4
our net capital expenditures in 2023 were comparable to 2022, though they were below our original expectations for net capital investment during the year. the slower business environment in 2023 reduced the need to purchase certain equipment at the pace originally anticipated. we also saw the timing of certain outlays pushed out and, to a lesser extent, longer lead times on certain materials. it does not reflect the cancellation of any significant initiatives, and much of the spending is expected to occur in 2024 when we see our investment in property and equipment, net of proceeds from sales, being in a range of $225.0 to $245.0. this increase reflects spending to complete our utah distribution center, investments in picking technology and equipment in our hubs and branches, higher outlays for fmi hardware reflecting our higher targeted signings and a slight build in device inventory, and an increase in spending on information technology.
net cash used in financing activities the increase in net cash used in financing activities reflects higher dividend payments, including a supplemental payment in december of 2023, and a reduction in our outstanding debt obligations. these uses of cash were only partly offset by the absence of common stock purchases that we made in the prior year and, to a lesser degree, the exercise of stock options. net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
we have authority to purchase up to 6,200,000 additional shares of our common stock under the july 12, 2022 authorization. this authorization does not have an expiration date.
debt in order to fund the considerable cash needed to expand our industrial vending business, expand capacity and increase the use of automation in our distribution centers, pay dividends, we have borrowed under our credit facility and our master note agreement in recent periods.
our borrowings under the credit facility and master note agreement peaked during each quarter of 2023 as follows:
as of december 31, 2023, we had $0.0 outstanding under the credit facility and had contingent obligations from letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility in an aggregate face amount of $32.7. as of december 31, 2023, we had loans outstanding under the master note agreement of $260.0. descriptions of our credit facility and master note agreement are contained in note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
material cash requirements our material cash requirements for known contractual obligations include capital expenditures, debt, and lease obligations, each of which are discussed in more detail earlier in this section. we believe that net cash provided by operating activities will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for these items in the short-term over the next 12 months and also in the long-term beyond the next 12 months. we also have cash requirements for purchase orders and contracts for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services, which are based on current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory or other goods or services specifying minimum order quantities. in addition, we may have liabilities for uncertain tax positions but we do not believe any of these liabilities will be material. a discussion of income taxes is contained in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
unremitted foreign earnings approximately $213.2 of cash and cash equivalents were held by non-u.s. subsidiaries on december 31, 2023. these funds may create foreign currency translation gains or losses depending on the functional currency of the entity holding the cash. we have considered the financial requirements of each foreign subsidiary and our parent company and will continue to reinvest these funds to support our expansion activities outside the u.s., even after taking into consideration the deemed repatriation and transition tax under the tax cuts and jobs act. the income tax impact of repatriating cash associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries is discussed in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation in 2023, we observed easing in inflationary pressures for metals (especially steel), energy, and transportation services (especially overseas containers and shipping) resulting in stable costs for most of our product offering. as a result, we did not institute any broad pricing actions through 2023 and we saw our contribution to growth in daily sales due to price moderate throughout the year. the exception to this stability was cost deflation for imported goods, which resulted in modest price deflation specifically in our fastener product line over the course of the year. the net effect on our gross profit percentage of these trends in cost and price inflation was immaterial in 2023.
gross profit                                                      46.1   %                  46.2   %
the increase in net sales noted above for 2022 was due to higher unit sales of mro and oem supplies to traditional manufacturing and construction customers and higher pricing as further set forth below.
higher unit sales in 2022 were a result of healthy economic activity throughout the period, though we did observe some moderation in demand as the year progressed. this moderation in demand, combined with more difficult year-over-year comparisons as the year progressed, produced daily sales growth of 18.1% in the first half of 2022, daily sales growth of 13.3% in the second half of 2022, and daily sales growth of 8.0% in december 2022. growth was led by our manufacturing customers, with particular strength in markets involved with commodity and capital goods production. our non-residential construction customers grew on an annual basis, but turned slightly negative in the fourth quarter. we believe the relative underperformance of this customer category reflects deliberate shifts in our branch strategy that de-emphasized walk-in and over-the-counter transactions.
first, price contributed 540 to 570 basis points to our net sales growth in 2022. however, as inflationary pressures eased and product availability improved, the need for aggressive pricing actions declined. the absence of such actions combined with more difficult year-over-year comparisons as the year progressed resulted in the contribution from price to net sales growth moderating, from averaging 620 to 650 basis points in the first half of 2022, to averaging 450 to 480 basis points in the second half of 2022 and to averaging 350 to 380 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2022.
second, as inflationary pressures and supply chain constraints became more predictable and manageable and then largely dissipated, it allowed our customers to shift from short-term business management to long-term strategic planning. this, in turn, provided us more opportunities to engage with customers over our key growth drivers, including onsite and fmi. as a result, while we did not reach the signings goals we had set out at the start of the year, we saw a meaningful increase in signings in 2022 over the prior year, and a return to near pre-pandemic levels. we signed 356 onsites in 2022, below our goal of 375 to 400 units but above the prior year (274 signings). similarly, we signed 20,735 fmi meus, below our goal of 23,000 to 25,000 meus but above the prior year (19,311 meus).
sales by product line from a product standpoint, we have three categories: fasteners, safety supplies, and other product lines, the latter of which includes eight smaller product categories, such as tools, janitorial supplies, and cutting tools. the percent of sales in the periods below were as follows:
the shifts in product mix in 2022 compared to 2021 largely reflect the reversal of pandemic-related activity combined with the relative growth of our more cyclical fastener line as growth in manufacturing and construction end markets accelerated as the post-pandemic north american economy recovered.
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
sequential trends the table below shows the pattern to the sequential change in our daily sales. the line labeled 'benchmark' is a historical average of our sequential daily sales change for the trailing five year average that excludes 2020. we have excluded 2020 from the average as the effects of the pandemic created unusual sequential patterns that we do not consider representative of normal trends. we believe this time frame serves to show the historical pattern and could serve as a benchmark. the '2022' and '2021' lines represent our actual sequential daily sales changes. the '22delta' and '21delta' lines indicate the difference between the 'benchmark' and the actual results in the respective year. under normal circumstances, the sequential trends shown below are directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. further, in any given month it is possible to get significant deviation from the benchmark.
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
(2)         the benchmark for each month is the average of the previous five years for that month. as covid-19-related surge sales made sequential averages in 2020 unrepresentative, the benchmark uses a preceding five-year average that excludes 2020. we also exclude the impact of the 2017 mansco acquisition.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
two product lines, safety and janitorial, accounted for approximately 44% of total non-fastener sales in 2022. the pattern in 2021, and particularly the second quarter of 2021, was affected by difficult comparisons versus the prior year, when the onset of the covid-19 pandemic resulted in a surge of safety and janitorial supplies that was not repeated to the same degree in 2022. setting aside the unique circumstances surrounding the pandemic, our non-fastener business is not immune to the impact of industrial cycles. however, we would typically expect it to outperform our fastener business over the course of a cycle. this reflects three things: the non-fastener market is larger than the fastener market, we are under penetrated in the non-fastener market relative to the fastener market, and industrial vending lends itself to sales of non-fastener products.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 46.1% in 2022 and 46.2% in 2021, a decrease of 10 basis points. this decrease was primarily related to three factors. first, in 2022 we experienced relatively higher growth from our large and onsite customers, which tend to have a lower gross margin percentage than the business as a whole. this was only partly offset by favorable product mix resulting from relatively higher growth from our fasteners products during the year, which tend to have a higher gross margin percentage than the business as a whole. second, in the second half of 2022, we did not pass through pricing sufficient to offset higher costs, which resulted in an adverse impact on our gross margin percentage. third, in the second half of 2022, we experienced lower product margins for certain categories of our other products. we believe slower demand and greater product availability in the marketplace due to supply chain normalization has put some pressure on products that tend to be sold less frequently by our business units. these factors were mostly offset by a reduction in the amount of pandemic-related write-downs and narrower losses to operate our truck fleet related to our strong freight revenue growth leveraging relatively stable fleet costs.
our employee-related expenses increased in 2022 from 2021. this was related to: higher base pay and employment taxes from higher fte during the period and moderate wage inflation; an increase in bonuses and commissions resulting from improved sales and profitability; and an increase in our profit sharing contribution. this was partly offset by a decline in health insurance costs, as the use of medical services by employees normalized following the post-pandemic catch-up activity in 2021.
our occupancy-related expenses increased in 2022 from 2021. this was related to: higher costs and depreciation for the maintenance, upgrade and installation of equipment in hub and non-hub facilities; slightly higher depreciation related to a higher installed base of our fmi suite of technologies; and slightly higher facility costs, with higher utility costs being only partly offset by lower rents stemming from branch consolidations.
net interest expense our net interest expense was $13.6 in 2022 compared to $9.6 in 2021. we carried higher average debt balances in 2022 relative to the prior year, and specifically higher balances of variable rate credit facility debt, as a result of high sustained working capital needs and an increase in share buybacks. we also incurred higher average interest rates during the year due to changes in interest levels in the marketplace.
income taxes we recorded income tax expense of $353.1 in 2022, or 24.5% of earnings before income taxes, compared to $282.8 in 2021, or 23.4% of earnings before income taxes. the increase in our tax rate in 2022 is due primarily to reduced benefits associated with the exercise of stock options, an increase in state income tax expense, and an absence of certain favorable reserve adjustments that benefited 2021.
during 2022, net earnings increased, primarily due to higher sales and our ability in the period to grow costs more slowly than we grew sales. this was only slightly offset by a higher income tax rate.
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
in 2022, we experienced a slight increase in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings, though this reflects a significant increase in our conversion percentage in the second half of 2022 which more than offset a significant decline in our conversion percentage in the first half of 2022. taken as a whole, while our working capital needs remained elevated through 2022, they declined slightly on a year-over-year basis whereas our earnings increased on a year-over-year basis.
trade working capital assets the following table sets forth the dollar and percentage change in accounts receivable, net, inventories, and accounts payable for the period ended december 31:
trade working capital                              $2,721.2                    297.4                                12.3       %
trade working capital, net                         $2,466.2                    275.5                                12.6       %
in 2022, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflected several factors. first, our receivables are expanding due to improved business activity and resulting growth in our customers' sales. second, we continue to experience a shift in our customer mix due to relatively stronger sales growth from national account customers, which tend to be larger and carry longer payment terms than our non-national account customers.
in 2022, our inventories increased, reflecting significant inflation in the value of stocked parts, the addition of inventory to support the growth of our manufacturing and construction customers as they expand production to meet improved business activity, deeper inventory stocking due to disruption in supply chains, and our efforts to sustain higher internal fulfillment rates.
in 2022, the annual growth in accounts payable reflected product purchases increasing to support the improvement in business activity at our manufacturing and construction customers.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was primarily related to higher net capital expenditures.
set forth below is a recap of our 2022 and 2021 net capital expenditures in dollars and as a percentage of net sales and net earnings:
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities                                    $97.8                      70.3
net capital expenditures                                                                                                          162.4                     148.2
our net capital expenditures increased in 2022, when compared to 2021. the most significant area driving this increase was higher spending on fmi equipment. we had slightly higher property spending, which reflected significant investments in automation and upgrades at our hubs mostly offset by lower spending on a new building in downtown winona, which was completed in 2021. we had only modest increases related to our vehicle fleet, manufacturing operations, and information technology. net capital expenditures in 2022 were below our anticipated range of $170.0 to $190.0 due to certain equipment and project delays related to hub projects.
net cash used in financing activities the fluctuations in net cash used in financing activities were due to changes in the level of our dividend payments and in the level of common stock purchases. these amounts were partially offset by the exercise of stock options and net payments (proceeds) from debt obligations. net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
we had authority to purchase up to 6,200,000 additional shares of our common stock under the july 12, 2022 authorization. this authorization did not have an expiration date.
debt our borrowings under the credit facility and master note agreement peaked during each quarter of 2022 as follows:
effects of inflation in 2022, we began to observe easing in inflationary pressures for metals (especially steel), energy, and transportation services (especially overseas containers and shipping). however, this did not translate into a reduction in inflationary pressures on our financial results for two reasons. first, inflationary pressures accelerated through 2021, and many periods in 2022 were comparing to lower cost levels in the preceding year. second, we have a long supply chain for many products, and it can take several quarters from when inflationary pressures begin to recede for the effect to impact our earnings results. in 2022, we increased prices, sought alternative sources for products and services, and consolidated spend for products and services as a means of mitigating inflation. however, higher product and transportation costs did have a slightly negative effect on our gross margin percentage for the full year.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of relevant circumstances, historical experience, and actuarial valuations. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
our most significant accounting policies, including revenue recognition and inventories, are described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, or estimates. an accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. our most critical accounting estimates include the following:
allowance for credit losses - this reserve is for accounts receivable balances that are potentially uncollectible. the allowance for credit losses is based on an income statement approach which adjusts the ending balance sheet to take into consideration expected losses over the contractual lives of the receivables, considering factors such as historical data as a basis for future expected losses. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
inventory valuation - adjustments to the valuation of inventory are based on an analysis of inventory trends including reviews of inventory levels, sales information, and the on-hand quantities relative to the sales history for the product. our methodology for estimating whether adjustments are necessary is continually evaluated for factors including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory, or liquidation value. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required adjustments have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
general insurance reserves - these reserves are for general claims related to workers' compensation, property and casualty losses, and other general liability self-insured losses. the reserves are based on an analysis of reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported related to our historical claim trends. we perform ongoing reviews of our insured and uninsured risks and use this information to establish appropriate reserve levels. we analyze historical trends, claims experience, and loss development patterns to ensure the appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.