item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") includes the following: a business overview that provides a high-level summary of our strategies and initiatives, highlights from fiscal year 2023 and key performance metrics for our software segment; a more detailed analysis of our results of operations; our capital resources and liquidity, which discusses key aspects of our statements of cash flows, changes in our balance sheets and our financial commitments; and a summary of our critical accounting estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty. our md&a should be read in conjunction with item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k. the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. actual results may differ from those referred to herein due to a number of factors, including but not limited to risks described in item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
our md&a focuses on discussion of year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. discussion of fiscal 2021 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2022.
business overview strategies and initiatives in fiscal 2023, our b2b scoring solutions, including the flagship fico® score, continued to be the standard measure of consumer credit risk in the u.s. we continued to promote adoption of our most predictive scores, fico® score 10 and 10 t. internationally, we launched fico® score 10 in canada, fico® score 6 in south africa, and fico® score 4 and fico® extended score 4 in mexico, further expanding our financial inclusion initiatives. we also remained committed to expanding usage of the fico® resilience index, a complement to fico scores that identifies consumers who are more resilient to economic stress relative to other consumers within the same fico score bands. we continued to develop scores that use alternative data to enhance conventional credit bureau data and generate scores for otherwise un-scorable consumers.
during fiscal 2023, we continued to advance and drive growth through our platform-first, cloud delivered strategy in our software segment. this strategic focus has led us to exit non-strategic products and services in the past few years, allowing us to dedicate our resources to expanding the capabilities and market penetration of fico® platform. we also continued our transition from private data centers to external service providers to host our technology infrastructure.
•cash flow from operating activities was $468.9 million during fiscal 2023, compared with $509.5 million during fiscal 2022.
•cash and cash equivalents were $136.8 million as of september 30, 2023, compared with $133.2 million as of september 30, 2022.
•total share repurchases during fiscal 2023 were $407.3 million, compared with $1.1 billion during fiscal 2022.
management regards acv bookings as an important indicator of future revenues, but they are not comparable to, nor are they a substitute for, an analysis of our revenues and other u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") measures. we define acv bookings as the average annualized value of software contracts signed in the current reporting period that generate current and future on-premises and saas software revenue. we only include contracts with an initial term of at least 24 months and we exclude perpetual licenses and other software revenues that are non-recurring in nature. for renewals of existing software subscription contracts, we count only incremental annual revenue expected over the current contract as acv bookings.
acv bookings is calculated by dividing the total expected contract value by the contract term in years. the expected contract value equals the fixed amount - including guaranteed minimums, if any - stated in the contract, plus estimates of future usage-based fees. we develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. differences between estimates and actual results occur due to variability in the estimated usage. this variability can be the result of the economic trends in our customers' industries; individual performance of our customers relative to their competitors; and regulatory and other factors that affect the business environment in which our customers operate.
we disclose estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to remaining performance obligations in note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. however, we believe acv bookings is a more meaningful measure of our business as it includes estimated revenues and future billings excluded from note 11, such as usage-based fees and guaranteed minimums derived from our on-premises software licenses, among others.
accounting standards codification topic 606, revenue from contacts with customers, requires us to recognize a significant portion of revenue from our on-premises software subscriptions at the point in time when the software is first made available to the customer, or at the beginning of the subscription term, despite the fact that our contracts typically call for billing these amounts ratably over the life of the subscription. the remaining portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue including maintenance and usage-based fees are recognized over the life of the contract. this point-in-time recognition of a portion of our on-premises software subscription revenue creates significant variability in the revenue recognized period to period based on the timing of the subscription start date and the subscription term. furthermore, this point-in-time revenue recognition can create a significant difference between the timing of our revenue recognition and the actual customer billing under the contract. we use arr to measure the underlying performance of our subscription-based contracts and mitigate the impact of this variability. arr is defined as the annualized revenue run-rate of on-premises and saas software agreements within a quarterly reporting period, and as such, is different from the timing and amount of revenue recognized. all components of our software licensing and subscription arrangements that are not expected to recur (primarily perpetual licenses) are excluded. we calculate arr as the quarterly recurring revenue run-rate multiplied by four.
(**) fico platform software is a set of interoperable capabilities which use software assets owned and/or governed by fico for building solutions and services which conform to fico architectural standards based on key elements of cloud native computing design principles. these standards encompass shared security context and access using fico standard application programming interfaces.
we consider dbnrr to be an important measure of our success in retaining and growing revenue from our existing customers. to calculate dbnrr for any period, we compare the arr at the end of the prior comparable quarter ("base arr") to the arr from that same cohort of customers at the end of the current quarter ("retained arr"); we then divide the retained arr by the base arr to arrive at the dbnrr. our calculation includes the positive impact among this cohort of customers of selling additional products, price increases and increases in usage-based fees, and the negative impact of customer attrition, price decreases, and decreases in usage-based fees during the period. however, the calculation does not include the positive impact from sales to any new customers acquired during the period. our dbnrr may increase or decrease from period to period as a result of various factors, including the timing of new sales and customer renewal rates.
scores scores segment revenues increased $67.2 million in fiscal 2023 from 2022 due to an increase of $85.6 million in our business-to-business scores revenue, partially offset by a decrease of $18.4 million in our business-to-consumer revenue. the increase in business-to-business scores revenue was primarily attributable to a higher unit price, partially offset by a decrease in mortgage originations volume. the decrease in business-to-consumer revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in direct sales generated from the myfico.com website.
gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture              (1,941)                                   -                           (100,139)                     (1,941)                             100,139                             -      %                     (100)      %
gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture            -   %                   -   %                 (7)   %
cost of revenues cost of revenues consists primarily of employee salaries, incentives, and benefits for personnel directly involved in delivering software products, operating saas infrastructure, and providing support, implementation and consulting services; overhead, facilities and data center costs; software royalty fees; credit bureau data and processing services; third-party hosting fees related to our saas services; travel costs; and outside services.
the fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in cost of revenues of $8.9 million was primarily attributable to a $23.4 million increase in personnel and labor costs, partially offset by a $12.9 million decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs, and a $3.9 million decrease in direct materials costs. the increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily attributable to increases in employee time allocated to cost of revenues, increased stock-based compensation expense, increased incentive expense and increased headcount. the decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to a one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred. the decrease in direct materials costs was primarily attributable to a decrease in credit bureau data costs associated with decreased business-to-consumer scoring solutions revenue through the myfico.com website. cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 21% during fiscal 2023 from 22% during fiscal 2022, primarily due to increased sales of our higher margin scores products and the one-time reimbursement from a third-party data center provider for implementation costs previously incurred.
the fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in research and development expenses of $13.2 million was primarily attributable to a $10.7 million increase in personnel and labor costs as a result of increases in time allocated to research and development activities, and a $1.4 million increase in infrastructure and facilities costs primarily attributable to increased third-party data center hosting fees and saas costs. research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues remained consistent at 11% during fiscal 2023 and 2022.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee salaries, incentives, commissions and benefits; travel costs; overhead costs; advertising and other promotional expenses; corporate facilities expenses; legal expenses; and business development expenses.
the fiscal 2023 over 2022 increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $16.7 million was primarily attributable to a $10.9 million increase in personnel and labor costs, a $5.2 million increase in marketing and business development costs, a $3.3 million increase in travel costs, and a $2.2 million increase in outside services expenses, partially offset by a $4.9 million decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs. the increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily a result of increased fringe benefit costs related to our supplemental retirement and savings plan. the increases in marketing, business development and travel costs were primarily attributable to increased costs for a company-wide marketing event held during both fiscal 2023 and 2022, with higher costs incurred for the fiscal 2023 event due to the increased scope of the event. in addition, as covid-19 related restrictions have been relaxed, we held more corporate events, increased advertising and promotional expenses and increased travel costs. the increase in outside services expenses was primarily attributable to increased legal expenses. the decrease in infrastructure and facilities costs was primarily attributable to a decrease in software royalty fees and maintenance allocated to selling, general and administrative expenses, and a favorable adjustment from the termination of an office lease related to our consolidation of office space. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased to 26% during fiscal 2023 from 28% during fiscal 2022.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets consists of expense related to intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions. our finite-lived intangible assets, consisting primarily of completed technology and customer contracts and relationships, are amortized using the straight-line method over periods ranging from five to ten years.
gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture the $1.9 million gain on product line asset sale during fiscal 2023 was attributable to the sale of certain assets related to our siron compliance business in december 2022.
interest expense, net interest expense includes interest on the senior notes issued in december 2021, december 2019, and may 2018, as well as interest and credit agreement fees on the revolving line of credit and term loan. on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, interest expense is netted with interest income, which is derived primarily from the investment of funds in excess of our immediate operating requirements.
the fiscal 2023 from 2022 increase in net interest expense of $26.6 million was primarily attributable to a higher average outstanding debt balance, as well as a higher average interest rate on our revolving line of credit and term loan during fiscal 2023.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net consists primarily of unrealized investment gains/losses and realized gains/losses on certain investments classified as trading securities, exchange rate gains/losses resulting from remeasurement of foreign-currency-denominated receivable and cash balances held by our various reporting entities into their respective functional currencies at period-end market rates, net of the impact of offsetting foreign currency forward contracts, and other non-operating items.
the fiscal 2023 over 2022 change in other income (expense), net of $8.5 million, from $2.1 million in other expense, net to $6.3 million in other income, net, was primarily attributable to net unrealized gains on investments classified as trading securities in our supplemental retirement and savings plan in the current year compared to losses in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in foreign currency exchange losses.
the increase in our effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was due to the increase in pretax income overall, in addition to a one-time increase related to the divestiture of a non-u.s. subsidiary.
gains on product line asset sales and business divestiture              1,941                             -                       100,139                      1,941                        (100,139)                             -      %                     (100)      %
the $61.7 million increase in our scores segment operating income was attributable to a $67.2 million increase in segment revenue, partially offset by a $5.5 million increase in segment operating expenses. segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenue for scores was 88%, consistent with fiscal 2022.
capital resources and liquidity outlook as of september 30, 2023, we had $136.8 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included $110.4 million held by our foreign subsidiaries. we believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, including those held by our foreign subsidiaries, as well as available borrowings from our $600 million revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including the $15.0 million principal payments on our term loan due over the next 12 months. under our current financing arrangements, we have no other significant debt obligations maturing over the next twelve months. for jurisdictions outside the u.s. where cash may be repatriated in the future, the company expects the net impact of any repatriations to be immaterial to the company's overall tax liability.
in the normal course of business, we evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. we may elect to use available cash and cash equivalents to fund such activities in the future. in the event additional needs for cash arise, or if we refinance our existing debt, we may raise additional funds from a combination of sources, including the potential issuance of debt or equity securities. additional financing might not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms, our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited.
operating activities                                        $468,915                      $509,450                      $423,817
investing activities                                        (15,954)                       (5,671)                       137,850
financing activities                                       (455,001)                     (547,165)                     (523,571)
cash flows from operating activities our primary method for funding operations and growth has been through cash flows generated from operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities totaled $468.9 million in fiscal 2023 compared to $509.5 million in fiscal 2022. the $40.6 million decrease was attributable to a $68.9 million decrease in non-cash items and a $27.5 million decrease that resulted from timing of receipts and payments in our ordinary course of business, partially offset by a $55.8 million increase in net income.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $16.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to $5.7 million in fiscal 2022. the $10.3 million increase was primarily attributable to an $8.4 million decrease in cash proceeds from the product line asset sales, net of cash transferred and a $3.0 million decrease in proceeds from sale of marketable securities.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $455.0 million in fiscal 2023 compared to $547.2 million in fiscal 2022. the $92.2 million decrease was primarily attributable to a $698.7 million decrease in repurchases of common stock and an $8.8 million decrease in payments on debt issuance costs, partially offset by a $550.0 million decrease in proceeds from the issuance of senior notes, a $45.8 million decrease in proceeds, net of payments, on our revolving line of credit and term loan, and a $25.7 million increase in taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards.
revolving line of credit and term loan we have a $600 million unsecured revolving line of credit and a $300 million unsecured term loan with a syndicate of banks that mature on august 19, 2026. borrowings under the revolving line of credit and term loan can be used for working capital and general corporate purposes and may also be used for the refinancing of existing debt, acquisitions, and the repurchase of our common stock. the term loan requires principal payments in consecutive quarterly installments of $3.75 million on the last business day of each quarter. in november 2022, we amended our credit agreement to replace the libor reference rate with the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") reference rate. interest rates on amounts borrowed under the revolving line of credit and term loan are based on (i) an adjusted base rate, which is the greatest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.5%, and (c) one-month adjusted term sofr rate plus 1%, plus, in each case, an applicable margin, or (ii) an adjusted term sofr rate plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin for base rate borrowings and for sofr borrowings is determined based on our consolidated leverage ratio. the applicable margin for base rate borrowings ranges from 0% to 0.75% per annum and for sofr borrowings ranges from 1% to 1.75% per annum. in addition, we must pay certain credit facility fees. the revolving line of credit and term loan contain certain restrictive covenants including a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.5 to 1.0, subject to a step up to 4.0 to 1.0 following certain permitted acquisitions and subject to certain conditions, and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. the credit agreement also contains other covenants typical of unsecured credit facilities.
as of september 30, 2023, we had $300.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit at a weighted-average interest rate of 6.678%, of which $35.0 million was classified as a current liability and $265.0 million was classified as a long-term liability. in addition, as of september 30, 2023, we had $273.8 million in outstanding balance under the term loan at an interest rate of 6.752%, of which $15.0 million was classified as a current liability and $258.8 million was classified as a long-term liability. the current and long-term revolving line of credit and term loan liabilities were recorded in current maturities on debt and long-term debt, respectively, within the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. we were in compliance with all financial covenants under this credit agreement as of september 30, 2023.
senior notes on may 8, 2018, we issued $400 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the "2018 senior notes"). the 2018 senior notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 5.25% per annum and will mature on may 15, 2026. on december 6, 2019, we issued $350 million of senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the "2019 senior notes"). the 2019 senior notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00% per annum and will mature on june 15, 2028. on december 17, 2021, we issued $550 million of additional senior notes of the same class as the 2019 senior notes in a private offering to qualified institutional investors (the "2021 senior notes," and collectively with the 2018 senior notes and the 2019 senior notes, the "senior notes"). the 2021 senior notes require interest payments semi-annually at a rate of 4.00% per annum and will mature on june 15, 2028, the same date as the 2019 senior notes. the indentures for the senior notes contain certain covenants typical of unsecured obligations. as of september 30, 2023, the carrying value of the senior notes was $1.3 billion and we were in compliance with all financial covenants under these obligations.
revolving line of credit and term loan (1)            15,000                  15,000                     543,750               -                                 -               -                                573,750
unrecognized tax benefits (2)                              -                       -                           -               -                                 -               -                                 13,849
total commitments                                    $89,731                 $83,872                  $1,009,651               $39,949                    $936,268               $160                          $2,173,480
(1)represents the unpaid principal payments due under the senior notes, revolving line of credit, and term loan.
(2)represents unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. as we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of the payments or the amount by which the liability will increase or decrease over time, the related balances have not been reflected in the section of the table showing payment by fiscal year.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. these accounting principles require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we periodically evaluate our estimates including those relating to revenue recognition, goodwill resulting from business combinations and other long-lived assets - impairment assessment, share-based compensation, income taxes, and contingencies and litigation. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable based on the specific circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. critical accounting estimates are those that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
while our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, we believe the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting estimates, which involve significant subjectivity and judgment, and changes to such estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition or operating results. therefore, we consider an understanding of the variability and judgment required in making these estimates and assumptions to be critical in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results.
revenue recognition contracts with customers our revenue is primarily derived from on-premises software and saas subscriptions, professional services and scoring services. for contracts with customers that contain various combinations of products and services, we evaluate whether the products or services are distinct - distinct products or services will be accounted for as separate performance obligations, while non-distinct products or services are combined with others to form a single performance obligation. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price ("ssp") basis. revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers.
our on-premises software is primarily sold on a subscription basis, which includes a term-based license and post-contract support or maintenance, both of which generally represent distinct performance obligations and are accounted for separately. the transaction price is either a fixed fee, or a usage-based fee - sometimes subject to a guaranteed minimum. when the amount is fixed, including the guaranteed minimum in a usage-based fee, license revenue is recognized at the point in time when the software is made available to the customer. maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract period as customers simultaneously consume and receive benefits. any usage-based fees not subject to a guaranteed minimum or earned in excess of the minimum amount are recognized when the subsequent usage occurs. we occasionally sell software arrangements consisting of on-premises perpetual licenses and maintenance. license revenue is recognized at a point in time when the software is made available to the customer and maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the contract term.
our saas products provide customers with access to and standard support for our software on a subscription basis, delivered through our own infrastructure or third-party cloud services. the saas transaction contracts typically include a guaranteed minimum fee per period that allows up to a certain level of usage and a consumption-based variable fee in excess of the minimum threshold; or a consumption-based variable fee not subject to a minimum threshold. the nature of our saas arrangements is to provide continuous access to our hosted solutions in the cloud, i.e., a stand-ready obligation that comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). we estimate the total variable consideration at contract inception - subject to any constraints that may apply - and update the estimates as new information becomes available and recognize the amount ratably over the saas service period, unless we determine it is appropriate to allocate the variable amount to each distinct service period and recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed.
our professional services include software implementation, consulting, model development and training. professional services are sold either standalone, or together with other products or services and generally represent distinct performance obligations. the transaction price can be a fixed amount or a variable amount based upon the time and materials expended. revenue on fixed-price services is recognized using an input method based on labor hours expended, which we believe provides a faithful depiction of the transfer of services. revenue on services provided on a time and materials basis is recognized by applying the "right-to-invoice" practical expedient as the amount to which we have a right to invoice the customer corresponds directly with the value of our performance to the customer.
our scoring services include both business-to-business and business-to-consumer offerings. our business-to-business scoring services typically include a license that grants consumer reporting agencies the right to use our scoring solutions in exchange for a usage-based royalty. revenue is generally recognized when the usage occurs. business-to-consumer offerings provide consumers with access to their fico® scores and credit reports, as well as other value-add services. these are provided as either a one-time or ongoing subscription service renewed monthly or annually, all with a fixed consideration. the nature of the subscription service is a stand-ready obligation to generate credit reports, provide credit monitoring, and other services for our customers, which comprises a series of distinct service periods (e.g., a series of distinct daily, monthly or annual periods of service). revenue from one-time or monthly subscription services is recognized during the period when service is performed. revenue from annual subscription services is recognized ratably over the subscription period.
significant judgments our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct and should be accounted for separately may require significant judgment. specifically, when implementation service is included in the original software or saas offerings, judgment is required to determine if the implementation service significantly modifies or customizes the software or saas service in such a way that the risks of providing it and the customization service are inseparable. in rare instances, contracts may include significant modification or customization of the software of saas service and will result in the combination of software or saas service and implementation service as one performance obligation.
we determine the ssps using data from our historical standalone sales, or, in instances where such information is not available (such as when we do not sell the product or service separately), we consider factors such as the stated contract prices, our overall pricing practices and objectives, go-to-market strategy, size and type of the transactions, and effects of the geographic area on pricing, among others. when the selling price of a product or service is highly variable, we may use the residual approach to determine the ssp of that product or service. significant judgment may be required to determine the ssp for each distinct performance obligation when it involves the consideration of many market conditions and entity-specific factors discussed above.
significant judgment may be required to determine the timing of satisfaction of a performance obligation in certain professional services contracts with a fixed consideration, in which we measure progress using an input method based on labor hours expended. in order to estimate the total hours of the project, we make assumptions about labor utilization, efficiency of processes, the customer's specification and it environment, among others. for certain complex projects, due to the risks and uncertainties inherent with the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, actual progress may differ due to the change in estimated total hours. adjustments to estimates are made in the period in which the facts requiring such revisions become known and, accordingly, recognized revenues are subject to revisions as the contract progresses to completion.
capitalized commission costs we capitalize incremental commission fees paid as a result of obtaining customer contracts. capitalized commission costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years - determined using a portfolio approach - based on the transfer of goods or services to which the assets relate, taking into consideration both the initial and future contracts as we do not typically pay a commission on a contract renewal. the amortization costs are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses of our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income.
we apply a practical expedient to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the assets that we otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. these costs are recorded within selling, general, and administrative expenses.
goodwill and other long-lived assets - impairment assessment goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. we assess goodwill for impairment for each of our reporting units on an annual basis during our fourth fiscal quarter using a july 1 measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement.
we have determined that our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. when evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform an assessment qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to as a "step zero" approach. if, based on the review of the qualitative factors, we determine it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we would bypass the two-step impairment test. events and circumstances we consider in performing the "step zero" qualitative assessment include macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, internal cost factors, share price fluctuations, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting units. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, we would perform the first step ("step one") of the two-step impairment test and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit by using discounted cash flow valuation models and by comparing our reporting units to guideline publicly-traded companies. these methods require estimates of our future revenues, profits, capital expenditures, working capital, and other relevant factors, as well as selecting appropriate guideline publicly-traded companies for each reporting unit. we estimate these amounts by evaluating historical trends, current budgets, operating plans, industry data, and other relevant factors. alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment described above for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing step one of the goodwill impairment test.
for fiscal 2022 and 2023, we performed a step zero qualitative analysis for our annual assessment of goodwill impairment. after evaluating and weighing all relevant events and circumstances, we concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of either of our reporting units was less than their carrying amounts. consequently, we did not perform a step one quantitative analysis and determined goodwill was not impaired for either of our reporting units for fiscal 2022 and 2023.
our other long-lived assets are assessed for potential impairment when there is evidence that events and circumstances related to our financial performance and economic environment indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. when impairment indicators are identified, we test for impairment using undiscounted projected cash flows. if such tests indicate impairment, then we measure and record the impairment as the difference between the carrying value of the asset and the fair value of the asset. significant management judgment is required in forecasting future operating results used in the preparation of the projected cash flows. should different conditions prevail, material write downs of our other long-lived assets could occur. we did not recognize any impairment charges on other long-lived assets in fiscal 2023 and 2022.
as discussed above, while we believe that the assumptions and estimates utilized were appropriate based on the information available to management, different assumptions, judgments and estimates could materially affect our impairment assessments for our goodwill and other long-lived assets. historically, there have been no significant changes in our estimates or assumptions that would have had a material impact for our goodwill or other long-lived assets impairment assessment. we believe our projected operating results and cash flows would need to be significantly less favorable to have a material impact on our impairment assessment. however, based upon our historical experience with operations, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood of a significant change in our projections.
share-based compensation we measure share-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and recognize it as expense, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting or service period, as applicable, of the stock award (generally three to four years). we use the black-scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock options and a monte carlo valuation model to determine the fair value of our market share units. our valuation models and generally accepted valuation techniques require us to make assumptions and to apply judgment to determine the fair value of our awards. these assumptions and judgments include estimating the volatility of our stock price, expected dividend yield, employee turnover rates and employee stock option exercise behaviors. historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions. see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share-based employee benefit plans.
income taxes we estimate our income taxes based on the various jurisdictions where we conduct business, which involves significant judgment in determining our income tax provision. we estimate our current tax liability using currently enacted tax rates and laws and assess temporary differences that result from differing treatments of certain items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded on our consolidated balance sheets using the currently enacted tax rates and laws that will apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. we then assess the likelihood our deferred tax assets will be realized and to the extent we believe realization is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. when we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in an accounting period, we record a corresponding income tax expense in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, we consider future taxable income in the jurisdictions we operate; our ability to carry back tax attributes to prior years; an analysis of our deferred tax assets and the periods over which they will be realizable; and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. an increase in the valuation allowance would have an adverse impact, which could be material, on our income tax provision and net income in the period in which we record the increase.
we recognize and measure benefits for uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. the first step is to evaluate the tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return by determining if the technical merits of the tax position indicate it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon audit, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. for tax positions more likely than not of being sustained upon audit, the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. significant judgment is required to evaluate uncertain tax positions and they are evaluated on a quarterly basis. our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits and effective settlement of audit issues. changes in the recognition or measurement of uncertain tax positions could result in material increases or decreases in our income tax expense in the period in which we make the change, which could have a material impact on our effective tax rate and operating results.
contingencies and litigation we are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, stockholder and other matters. we are required to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses in these matters. if the potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. if the potential loss is considered less than probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated, disclosure of the matter is considered. the amount of loss accrual or disclosure, if any, is determined after analysis of each matter, and is subject to adjustment if warranted by new developments or revised strategies. due to uncertainties related to these matters, accruals or disclosures are based on the best information available at the time. significant judgment is required in both the assessment of likelihood and in the determination of a range of potential losses. revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. historically, there have been no material changes in our estimates or assumptions. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood there will be a material change in the future estimates.
new accounting pronouncements for information about recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted and the impact on our consolidated financial statements, refer to part ii, item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, nature of business and summary of significant accounting policies, in our accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k.