item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this section of this annual report on form 10-k generally discusses the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. as a result of the change in our operating and reportable segments effective january 1, 2023, this section also presents year-over-year comparisons between the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 on a revised segment basis.
this annual report on form 10-k contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. all of the product names included in this annual report on form 10-k are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors.
overview kdp is a leading beverage company in north america that manufactures, markets, distributes and sells hot and cold beverages and single serve brewing systems. kdp has a broad portfolio of iconic beverage brands, including dr pepper, canada dry, green mountain coffee roasters, snapple, mott's, the original donut shop, clamato, and core hydration, as well as the keurig brewing system. kdp has some of the most recognized beverage brands in north america, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. we offer more than 125 owned, licensed, and partner brands, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages through our sales and distribution network.
kdp operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor. we believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our dsd system and our wd system. we market and sell our products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through our website. our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.
segments effective january 1, 2023, we revised our segment structure to align with how our codm manages the business, assesses performance and allocates resources. our operating and reportable segments consist of the following:
•the u.s. coffee segment reflects sales in the u.s. from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our k-cup pods, single serve brewers, and other coffee products to partners, retailers, and directly to consumers through our keurig.com website.
•for beverage concentrates, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. a concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings. it does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate.
•for packaged beverages, we measure volume as case sales to customers. a case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.
strategic partnership with grupo pisa effective october 23, 2023, we executed an agreement for a strategic partnership with grupo pisa to sell and distribute electrolit instant hydration beverages within the u.s., which is expected to begin in early 2024.
appointment of chief operating officer on november 6, 2023, we appointed tim cofer as chief operating officer, reporting to chairman and ceo, bob gamgort. mr. cofer will work side by side with mr. gamgort in the chief operating officer capacity, with an expected transition to ceo in the second quarter of 2024. mr. gamgort will continue to serve as our executive chairman after the transition occurs.
uncertainties and trends affecting our business we believe the north american beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. refer to item 1a, risk factors, as well as the uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity section below, for more information about risks and uncertainties facing us. some of these items have led to inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs, which has further led to fluctuation in interest rates. these impacts have created headwinds for our business that may continue into 2024. as a result of these inflationary pressures, we have increased the pricing on a number of our products across our portfolio. consequently, we may incur a reduction of volume or net sales, which, combined with the inflationary pressures, could impact our margins and operating results.
refer to note 5 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk for management's discussion of how we manage our exposure to commodity risk.
results of operations we eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our equity method investees.
gross profit                                                       8,080                               7,323                      757                         10.3
impairment of intangible assets                                        2                                 477                    (475)                                 nm gain on litigation settlement                                          -                               (299)                      299                                 nm other operating income, net                                         (26)                               (105)                       79                                 nm income from operations                                             3,192                               2,605                      587                         22.5
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                   -                                 217                    (217)                                 nm gain on sale of equity method investment                               -                                (50)                       50                                 nm impairment of investments and note receivable                          -                                  12                     (12)                                 nm other (income) expense, net                                         (61)                                  14                     (75)                                 nm income before provision for income taxes                           2,757                               1,719                    1,038                         60.4
gross profit. gross profit increased $757 million, or 10.3%, to $8,080 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $7,323 million in the prior year. this performance primarily reflected the impact to gross profit of the strong growth in net sales (12 percentage points) and a favorable change in unrealized commodity mark-to-market impacts (2 percentage points), partially offset by net inflation in ingredients and materials (3 percentage points). gross margin increased 240 bps versus the prior year to 54.5%.
gain on litigation settlement. gain on litigation settlement reflects the portion of the settlement payment from bodyarmor which was allocated to the gain on the full settlement of the existing claims against bodyarmor in the prior year.
other operating income, net. other operating income, net decreased $79 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the prior year, primarily driven by the unfavorable year-over-year comparison for non-operational activity, including asset sale-leasebacks and a business interruption recovery.
income from operations. income from operations increased $587 million, or 22.5%, to $3,192 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $2,605 million in the prior year, primarily driven by increased gross profit, which was partially offset by higher sg&a expenses. operating margin increased 300 bps versus the year ago period to 21.5%.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net decreased $197 million, or 28.4%, to $496 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $693 million for the prior year. this change was primarily driven by the favorable comparison of activity associated with interest rate contracts (37 percentage points), which was partially offset by increased use of debt in the current year (9 percentage points).
loss on early extinguishment of debt. loss on early extinguishment of debt reflected the favorable comparison to losses in the prior year related to our 2022 strategic refinancing and our early retirement of our 2038 notes, the 2021 364-day credit agreement and the kdp revolver.
gain on sale of equity method investment. gain on sale of equity method investment reflects the portion of the settlement payment from bodyarmor that was allocated to the satisfaction of the holdback amount owed to us in the prior year.
other (income) expense, net. other (income) expense, net reflected a favorable change of $75 million from the prior year, driven by favorability in our investments in unconsolidated affiliates of $38 million, led by nutrabolt's preferred dividends, and mark-to-market on our vita coco investment of $13 million.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rate increased 440 bps to 20.9% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 16.5% in the prior year, primarily driven by the revaluation of state deferred tax liabilities due to legislative changes in the prior year.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
operating margin                   28.1     %                          24.3     %                                            380 bps sales volume. sales volumes for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased approximately 1.0% compared to the prior year period, as growth in dr pepper, as well as c4 energy as a result of our sales and distribution partnership with nutrabolt, was more than offset by softness in the rest of our portfolio, driven by category declines.
income from operations. income from operations increased $522 million, or 26.6%, to $2,483 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $1,961 million for the prior year period. net sales growth provided a 35 percentage point impact to gross profit, which was partially offset by net inflation in ingredients and materials (7 percentage points), and increased marketing investments (5 percentage points). other drivers included the favorable year-over-year comparison for non-cash impairment charges on intangible assets (24 percentage points), which was partially offset by the unfavorable comparison to the gain on the settlement of litigation with bodyarmor in the prior year (14 percentage points).
income from operations. income from operations decreased $57 million, or 4.7%, to $1,158 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1,215 million in the prior year period, as a result of the impact to gross profit of the decrease in net sales (5 percentage points), unfavorable year-over-year comparisons for asset sale-leasebacks and a business interruption recovery (4 percentage points), and net inflation in ingredients and materials (1 percentage point), partially offset by decreases in other manufacturing costs (2 percentage points) and other operating costs. operating margin improved 20 bps versus the year ago period to 28.4%.
income from operations. income from operations increased $102 million, or 27.3%, to $475 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to $373 million in the prior year period. this performance reflected the impact to gross profit of higher net price realization and volume/mix growth (34 percentage points) and favorable fx impacts (8 percentage points), partially offset by net inflation in ingredients and materials (13 percentage points). operating margin increased 240 bps versus the year ago period to 24.7%.
gross profit                                                             7,323                               6,977                  346                       5.0
impairment of intangible assets                                            477                                   -                  477                              nm gain on litigation settlement                                            (299)                                   -                (299)                              nm other operating income, net                                              (105)                                (70)                 (35)                              nm income from operations                                                   2,605                               2,894                (289)                    (10.0)
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                       217                                 105                  112                              nm gain on sale of equity method investment                                  (50)                               (524)                  474                              nm impairment of investments and note receivable                               12                                  17                  (5)                              nm other (income) expense, net                                                 14                                 (2)                   16                              nm income before provision for income taxes                                 1,719                               2,798              (1,079)                    (38.6)
gross profit. gross profit increased $346 million, or 5.0%, to $7,323 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $6,977 million in the year ended december 31, 2021. this performance primarily reflected the impact of strong growth in net sales (18 percentage points), partially offset by net inflation in ingredients and materials (9 percentage points), increases in other manufacturing costs (2 percentage points), and an unfavorable change in unrealized commodity mark-to-market impacts (2 percentage points). gross margin decreased 290 bps versus the year ago period to 52.1%.
selling, general and administrative expenses. sg&a expenses increased $492 million, or 11.8%, to $4,645 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $4,153 million in the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase reflected the impact of higher transportation and warehousing costs (7 percentage points), driven by both inflation and volume/mix impacts, an unfavorable comparison of unrealized mark-to-market losses on commodity contracts (1 percentage points), and increased other operating costs.
gain on litigation settlement. gain on litigation settlement of $299 million reflects the portion of the settlement payment from bodyarmor which was allocated to the gain on the full settlement of the existing claims against bodyarmor in 2022.
other operating income, net. other operating income, net increased $35 million to $105 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $70 million in the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by the impact of non-operational activity, led by a business interruption insurance recovery and a favorable comparison of year-over-year sale-leaseback activity.
income from operations. income from operations decreased $289 million, or 10.0%, to $2,605 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $2,894 million in the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by the non-cash impairment charges of $477 million, which were partially offset by the non-recurring gain on the litigation settlement of $299 million. the decrease in income from operations also reflected the impact of increased sg&a expenses, which were partially offset by benefit of increased gross profit. operating margin decreased 430 bps versus the year ago period to 18.5%.
interest expense, net. interest expense, net increased $193 million, or 38.6%, to $693 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $500 million for the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by the impact of unfavorable comparison of unrealized mark-to-market losses on interest rate contracts (51 percentage points), which was partially offset by the impact of reduced interest expense on our senior unsecured notes resulting from our strategic refinancing initiatives (10 percentage points).
loss on early extinguishment of debt. loss on early extinguishment of debt reflected an unfavorable change of $112 million, with a loss of $217 million during the year ended december 31, 2022 related to our 2022 strategic refinancing and our early retirement of our 2038 notes, the 2021 364-day credit agreement and the kdp revolver, as compared to a loss of $105 million in the prior year associated with our 2021 strategic refinancing.
gain on sale of equity method investment. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded $50 million and $524 million, respectively, for the sale of our equity method investment in bodyarmor. the amount recorded in 2022 represents the portion of the settlement payment from bodyarmor that was allocated to the satisfaction of the holdback amount owed to us.
other (income) expense, net. other (income) expense, net of $14 million reflected an unfavorable change of $16 million from the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by unfavorable fx translation impacts of $8 million and net losses on our investments in equity securities of $5 million.
effective tax rate. the effective tax rate decreased 680 bps to 16.5% for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to 23.3% in the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by the revaluation of state deferred tax liabilities (450 percentage points) and the favorable mix of our incremental income in low tax jurisdictions in the year (360 percentage points). refer to note 13 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
results of operations by segment the following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our segments for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with u.s. gaap:
income from operations. income from operations of $1,961 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 was flat compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, primarily driven by the impact of non-cash impairment charges (24 percentage points), led by bai and schweppes, which were partially offset by impact of the non-recurring gain on the settlement of litigation with bodyarmor (14 percentage points). other recurring factors included the impact to gross profit of the benefits of net sales growth (45 percentage points), offset by the impact of net inflation in ingredients and materials (12 percentage points), net increases in transportation and warehousing costs (12 percentage points), and increases in other manufacturing costs (7 percentage points) and other operating costs. operating margin decreased 320 bps versus the year ended december 31, 2021 to 24.3%.
income from operations. income from operations decreased $91 million, or 7.0%, to $1,215 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $1,306 million in the year ended december 31, 2021, driven by the impacts to income from operations of net inflation in ingredients and materials (20 percentage points) and increased other operating costs, partially offset by the impact to gross profit of the benefits of net sales growth (16 percentage points). operating margin declined 370 bps versus the year ended december 31, 2021 to 28.2%.
income from operations. income from operations decreased $9 million, or 2.4%, to $373 million for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to $382 million in the year ended december 31, 2021, reflecting the impacts to income from operations of net inflation in ingredients and materials (26 percentage points), net increases in transportation and warehousing costs (11 percentage points), and increases in other manufacturing costs (9 percentage points). these factors were partially offset by the impact to gross profit of the benefits of net sales growth (43 percentage points). operating margin decreased 360 bps versus the year ended december 31, 2021 to 22.3%.
liquidity and capital resources overview we believe our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. we continue to manage all aspects of our business, including monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers, and other third-party relationships, implementing cost management strategies through our productivity initiatives, and developing new opportunities for growth such as innovation and agreements with partners to distribute brands that are accretive to our portfolio.
cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the u.s. periodically as working capital funding requirements, where allowed. we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside the u.s. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations for the foreseeable future.
the following summarizes our cash activity for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
principal sources of capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations, and borrowing capacity currently available under our 2022 revolving credit agreement. additionally, we have an uncommitted commercial paper program where we can issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis. based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. to the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. at any time, and from time to time, we may seek additional deleveraging, refinancing or liquidity enhancing transactions, including entering into transactions to repurchase or redeem of outstanding indebtedness, increase the size of our commercial paper program, or otherwise seek transactions to reduce interest expense, extend debt maturities and improve our capital and liquidity structure.
sources of liquidity - operations net cash provided by operating activities decreased $1,508 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2022. this was primarily driven by the reduction in accounts payable and the unfavorable year-over-year impact of the $349 million gain from bodyarmor in 2022, which were partially offset by a $745 million increase in net income attributable to kdp, reflecting the favorable comparison to non-cash impairment charges and losses on early extinguishment of debt in 2022.
accounts payable program as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our cash flow and related liquidity, we work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes payment terms. excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. we also enter into agreements with third party administrators to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and, if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. we have no economic interest in a supplier's decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. refer to note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our obligations to participating suppliers.
sources of liquidity - financing refer to note 4 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for management's discussion of our financing arrangements.
we also have an active shelf registration statement, filed with the sec on august 19, 2022, which allows us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, and warrants from time to time in one or more offerings at the direction of our board.
sources of liquidity - asset sale-leaseback transactions we have leveraged our strategic asset investment program to create value from certain assets to enable reinvestment in kdp. these transactions are accounted for as sale-leaseback transactions. we received $7 million, $168 million, and $102 million of net cash proceeds from our strategic asset investment program during the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which are included in proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
debt ratings as of december 31, 2023, our credit ratings were as follows:
rating agency        long-term debt rating         commercial paper rating       outlook moody's              baa1                          p-2                           stable s&amp;p              bbb                           a-2                           stable these debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. a downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we have no reason to believe that we will be unable to satisfy these covenants.
principal uses of capital resources over the past several years, our principal uses of our capital resources were deleveraging, providing direct shareholder return through regular quarterly dividends, and investing in kdp to capture market share and drive growth through innovation and routes to market.
after meeting our post-merger goals at the end of 2021, we've established a long-term plan to further reduce our leverage ratio. we also plan to invest in value creation through mergers, acquisitions, or strategic partnerships, including portfolio expansion, distribution scale, geographic expansion, and new capabilities. in addition, we have repurchased shares of our outstanding common stock, as described below.
capital expenditures we are investing in state-of-the-art manufacturing and warehousing facilities, including expansive investments in next-generation facilities in spartanburg, south carolina; and allentown, pennsylvania, in order to optimize our supply chain network.
capital expenditures, which includes both purchases of property, plant, and equipment and amounts included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 primarily related to the manufacturing and warehousing facilities discussed above, as well as our newbridge, ireland facility in 2022 and 2021. capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses were $276 million, $213 million, and $189 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, which primarily related to these investments.
investments in unconsolidated affiliates from time to time, we expect to invest in beverage startup companies or in brand ownership companies to grow our presence in certain product categories, or enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. our investments in beverage startup companies generally involve acquiring a minority interest in equity securities of a company, in certain cases with a protected path to ownership at our future option. our equity investments included $300 million in exchange for equity interests in chobani during the year ended december 31, 2023, and $863 million for equity interests in nutrabolt during the year ended december 31, 2022.
purchases of intangible assets we have invested in the expansion of our dsd network through transactions with strategic independent bottlers or third-party brand ownership companies to ensure competitive distribution scale for our brands. from time to time, we additionally acquire brand ownership companies to expand our portfolio. these transactions are generally accounted for as an asset acquisition, as the majority of the transaction price represents the acquisition of an intangible asset. purchases of intangible assets were $56 million, $45 million, and $32 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
residual value guarantees we have a number of leasing arrangements and one licensing arrangement with the veyron spes. each one of these arrangements contain a residual value guarantee. as of december 31, 2023, we have not recorded any liabilities as it is not probable that we will have to make any payments required under the residual value guarantee. refer to note 18 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
uncertainties and trends affecting liquidity and capital resources disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by inflation due to global economic uncertainty and the associated rise in interest rates, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. these disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.
customer and consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by the risk factors discussed under "risk factors" in part 1, item 1a in this annual report on form 10-k, as well as subsequent filings with the sec, that could have a material effect on production, delivery and consumption of our products, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume.
we believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity:
•our ability to either repay existing debt maturities through cash flow from operations or refinance through future issuances of senior unsecured notes;
•our ability to access and/or renew our committed financing arrangements;
•our ability to issue unsecured uncommitted commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4,000 million;
•future mergers, acquisitions, or debt or equity investments, which may include brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage;
•seasonality and other variability in our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity;
•our continued capital expenditures;
•a significant downgrade in our credit ratings could limit i) our ability to issue debt at terms that are favorable to us, or ii) a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions, which could impact our accounts payable program.
critical accounting estimates the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. these estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. the most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. we have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. see note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.
impairment assessment of goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets we conduct tests for impairment of our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of october 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. if the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. for purposes of impairment testing, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination, and we also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units.
effective january 1, 2023, we revised our segment structure to more closely reflect how our codm manages the business, assesses performance and allocates resources. this segment change also resulted in a revision to our reporting units. for the year ended december 31, 2023, our reportable segments were as follows:
•u.s. refreshment beverages (reporting units: u.s. beverage concentrates, u.s. warehouse direct, and direct store delivery)
•u.s. coffee (reporting unit: u.s. coffee)
•international (reporting units: canada beverage concentrates, canada warehouse direct, canada coffee, and latin america beverages)
for both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a step 0 analysis. if a quantitative analysis is required, the following would be required:
•the impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded.
•the impairment tests for goodwill include comparing fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges.
as of october 1, 2023, we performed a quantitative analysis for goodwill and all of our indefinite lived brand assets, whereby we used an income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. these types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. these assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical assumptions for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance over the next five year period, as well as an appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate, as applicable. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. long-term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry growth and the long-term economic growth potential.
the following table shows the non-cash impairment charges that were recorded for indefinite lived brand assets for the years presented:
non-cash impairment charges for indefinite lived brand assets                 $-                         $472                   $-
sensitivity analysis - discount rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2023, would not change our conclusion.
for the brand and trade name indefinite-lived intangible assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of those assets as of october 1, 2023, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of the following assets as follows (in millions):
sensitivity analysis - long-term growth rate for goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term growth rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of october 1, 2023, would not change our conclusion.
for the indefinite-lived priority brand assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term revenue growth rate used to determine the fair value of those assets as of october 1, 2023, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of the following assets as follows (in millions):
sensitivity analysis - royalty rate for the indefinite-lived trade names quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the royalty rate used to determine the fair value of those trade names as of october 1, 2023, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of those trade names as follows (in millions):
refer to note 3 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our impairment assessments.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. accruals for customer incentives, sales returns, and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics, and/or historical trends.
our customer incentives, sales returns, and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the revenue recognition. our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. differences between estimated revenue and actual revenue are normally insignificant and are recognized into earnings in the period differences are determined.
additionally, judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our sg&a expenses.
income taxes we establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following:
•the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained,
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or
•the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.
our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.
our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. as these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions. to the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.
impairment assessment of equity method investments without readily determinable fair values equity method investments are reviewed each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. when such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our carrying value of the investment. we also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our carrying value has exceeded the fair value. for investments in non-publicly traded companies, management's assessment of fair value is based on various valuation methodologies, including the option pricing model when the investment is in a preferred class of security, discounted cash flows, market multiples, and the impact of our contractual terms with the investee, as appropriate. we consider the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow methodologies. the ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. in the event the fair value of an investment declines below our carrying value, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. if management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded.
investments in variable interest entities we have made equity investments in entities that are considered vies, including nutrabolt and chobani. we would consolidate a vie for which we are determined to be the primary beneficiary.
to determine if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie, we assess specific criteria and use judgment when determining if we have the power to direct the significant activities of the vie and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the vie that may be significant to the vie. factors considered include risk and reward sharing, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a vie's governance structure, existence of unilateral kick-out rights exclusive of protective rights or voting rights, and level of economic disproportionality between us and the vie's other partner(s). we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of any vies. refer to note 18 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our investments in vies.
supplemental guarantor financial information the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "guarantors"), as defined in the indentures governing the notes. the guarantors are 100% owned either directly or indirectly by us and jointly and severally guarantee, subject to the release provisions described below, our obligations under the notes. none of our subsidiaries organized outside of the u.s., nor any of the subsidiaries held by maple parent holdings corp. prior to the dps merger, nor any of the subsidiaries acquired after the dps merger (collectively, the "non-guarantors") guarantee the notes. the subsidiary guarantees with respect to the notes are subject to release upon the occurrence of certain events, including the sale of all or substantially all of a subsidiary's assets, the release of the subsidiary's guarantee of our other indebtedness, our exercise of the legal defeasance option with respect to the notes and the discharge of our obligations under the applicable indenture.
the following schedules present the summarized financial information for the parent and the guarantors on a combined basis after intercompany eliminations; the parent and the guarantors' amounts due from; amounts due to, and transactions with non-guarantors are disclosed separately. the consolidating schedules are provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of rule 13-01 under sec regulation s-x for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries.
gross profit                                                 4,796
current liabilities              $6,749                      $4,797
non-current liabilities          16,689                      17,463
total liabilities(2)            $23,438                     $22,260