item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations together with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. the forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about our industry, business and future financial results. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed under item 1a.-risk factors and other sections in this annual report.
the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items along with year-over-year comparisons between these two years. discussion of 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 can be found in item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k.
executive overview in 2023, we continued to see unprecedented demand for live experience in every corner of the world with emerging and superstar acts across all genres and in venues big and small in 2023. after a record 2022, we surpassed last year's results by double-digits for revenue, operating income, and aoi, not only at the consolidated level but also in each of our three major reporting segments. our operating income has increased by 228% and aoi has doubled compared to our pre-pandemic operations in 2019 - a testament to the strength of the live industry and our place in that robust ecosystem. we saw double-digit growth in concert fans, ticketmaster ticket sales, and sponsorship revenues globally.
our overall revenue increased by $6.1 billion, or 36%, to $22.7 billion as compared to last year. the increase was $6.0 billion without the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates. our operating income for the year improved by $334 million, or 46%, to $1.1 billion in 2023 due to stronger performance across all of our major reporting segments. consolidated aoi for the year increased by $455 million, or 32%, to $1.9 billion this year. the increase was $412 million without the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.
our event-related deferred revenue balance increased by $216 million, or 8%, to $2.9 billion as of december 31, 2023 compared to december 31, 2022. this, coupled with current ticket sales for 2024, suggests ongoing strong demand for concerts, making us confident in our continued success in the year ahead.
all of the segment financial comments to follow are based on reported foreign currency exchange rates.
our concerts segment revenue for the year increased by $5.3 billion, or 39% compared to 2022, from $13.5 billion to $18.8 billion. the growth in revenue was the result of more fans enjoying their favorite artists and spending more money at events to maximize their unique live experiences. approximately 145 million fans attended our shows in the year, our largest annual fan count ever, compared to approximately 121 million last year, for growth of 25 million or 20%. the growth was relatively evenly distributed across our global markets with notable strength in europe, latin america, asia-pacific and canada. growth in amphitheater, stadium and arena fan count drove the majority of the increase in show attendance. in particular, stadium fan count increased by almost 11 million fans to over 29 million fans globally. some of the larger acts touring globally in the year included beyoncé, harry styles, karol g, the weeknd and rbd, reflecting the global diversified base of our artists.
concerts aoi for the year increased by $156 million, or nearly double, compared to 2022, from $170 million to $325 million. our ancillary revenue spending at our united states amphitheater shows was nearly $41 per fan for the year, a 10% growth over 2022, driven by higher food and beverage spending as well as increased upsells. in our theaters and clubs across the united states and the united kingdom, we also saw strong growth in apf revenue. we also experienced double-digit growth with concessions, merchandise and upsells in our expanding owned or operated arena network, which includes the moody center arena.
our ticketing segment revenue for the year increased by $721 million, or 32%, compared to 2022, from $2.2 billion to $3.0 billion. the improvement resulted from an increase in ticket sales, upward pricing momentum due to higher fan demand and higher non-service fee revenue. we sold 329 million fee-bearing tickets in 2023 compared to 281 million tickets last year, an increase of 17%. north america increased total fee-bearing gtv by 26% while international rose by 42% compared to last year. pricing on our fee-bearing tickets increased by double-digits, reflecting strong consumer demand, particularly for premium seats and vip experiences.
ticketing aoi for the year improved by $288 million, or 35%, compared to 2022, from $828 million to $1.1 billion. we signed 21.4 million net new tickets in 2023. 16.9 million of the net new tickets, or roughly 80%, are from clients outside of north america, highlighting the significance of our international operations and our global expansion opportunity. this gives us confidence that our ticketing platforms' features and functionalities will continue to fuel growth going forward.
our sponsorship & advertising segment revenue for the year increased by $127 million, or 13%, compared to 2022 from $968 million to $1.1 billion. the increase was largely driven by our united states business with new strategic deals, expanded deals across our ticket access and venue assets, and the addition of the moody center arena in austin. we also added new marketing partners in mexico. sponsorship & advertising aoi increased by $83 million, or 14%, compared to 2022, from $592 million to $675 million.
we are optimistic about the long-term potential of our company and are focused on the key elements of our business model: expanding our concerts platform with more shows and fans in both existing and new markets as well as improving the on-site experience for our fans by enhancing food and beverage products and premium service offerings. we will drive ticket sales through development of innovative products for fans, with a focus on reducing friction in the ticket purchase experience and creating additional revenue opportunities. in addition, we continue to grow our sponsorship and advertising partnerships, enabling our clients to reach customers via the powerful connection that live shows create with ardent fans.
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31,                                              % change   % change
as reported            currency impacts                      constant currency**                    as reported                    as reported       as reported               constant currency       as reported
gain on disposal of operating assets                                            (13,927)                                                                                            (32,082)                        (1,211)                   (57)%                                       *
equity in losses (earnings) of nonconsolidated affiliates                          5,455                                                                                            (10,571)                        (2,520)
loss (gain) from sale of investments in nonconsolidated affiliates                   341                                                                                               (448)                       (83,578)
income (loss) before income taxes                                                894,544                                                                                             505,447                      (611,267)
income tax expense (benefit)                                                     160,227                                                                                              96,254                        (2,481)
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                              171,037                                                                                             113,207                         42,118
**       constant currency is a non-gaap financial measure. we calculate currency impacts as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange rates and the comparable prior period's currency exchange rates. we present constant currency information to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency rate fluctuations.
revenue revenue increased $6.1 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year driven by increased revenue in our concerts segment of $5.3 billion, ticketing segment of $720.9 million and sponsorship & advertising segment of $127.1 million as further discussed within each segment's operating results.
operating income operating income increased $334.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily driven by increased operating income in our concerts segment of $94.6 million, ticketing segment of $283.9 million and sponsorship & advertising segment of $66.0 million as further discussed within each segment's operating results. these increases were partially offset by higher corporate expenses primarily due to higher compensation expense in 2023 due to headcount growth as a result of increased operating opportunities in 2023.
income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2023, we had a net tax expense of $160.2 million on income before income taxes of $894.5 million compared to a net tax expense of $96.3 million on income before income taxes of $505.4 million for 2022. in 2023, the net income tax expense consisted of $7.2 million of tax expense related to united states federal income taxes, $128.6 million of tax expense related to foreign entities and $24.4 million of tax expense related to state and local income taxes. the net increase in tax expense of $64.0 million is due primarily to higher pre-tax income in taxable jurisdictions.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $57.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily due to higher operating results from certain concert businesses during 2023 as compared to the prior year.
non-gaap measures aoi aoi is a non-gaap financial measure that we define as consolidated operating income (loss) before certain acquisition expenses (including transaction costs, changes in the fair value of accrued acquisition-related contingent consideration obligations, and acquisition-related severance and compensation), amortization of non-recoupable ticketing contract advances, depreciation and amortization (including goodwill impairment), loss (gain) on disposal of operating assets, and stock-based compensation expense. we use aoi to evaluate the performance of our operating segments. we believe that information about aoi assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of our portfolio of businesses separate from non-operational factors that affect net income (loss), thus providing insights into both operations and the other factors that affect reported results. aoi is not calculated or presented in accordance with gaap. a limitation of the use of aoi as a performance measure is that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain amortizing assets used in generating revenue in our business. accordingly, aoi should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, operating income (loss), net income (loss), and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. furthermore, this measure may vary among other companies; thus, aoi as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
aoi margin aoi margin is a non-gaap financial measure that we calculate by dividing aoi by revenue. we use aoi margin to evaluate the performance of our operating segments. we believe that information about aoi margin assists investors by allowing them to evaluate changes in the operating results of our portfolio of businesses separate from non-operational factors that affect net income (loss), thus providing insights into both operations and the other factors that affect reported results. aoi margin is not calculated or presented in accordance with gaap. a limitation of the use of aoi margin as a performance measure is that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain amortizing assets used in generating revenue in our business.
accordingly, aoi margin should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, operating income (loss) margin, and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. furthermore, this measure may vary among other companies; thus, aoi margin as presented herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table sets forth the reconciliation of consolidated operating income (loss) to consolidated aoi for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021:
acquisition expenses                                                     93,664                      68,078                      42,912
gain on sale of operating assets                                       (13,927)                    (32,082)                     (1,211)
segment overview information regarding our use of aoi to evaluate the performance of our operating segments can be found in part ii -financial information -item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 12 - segments and revenue recognition.
concerts revenue and related costs for events are generally deferred and recognized when the event occurs. all advertising costs incurred during the year for shows in future years are expensed at the end of the year. if a current year event is rescheduled into a future year, all advertising costs incurred to date are expensed in the period when the event is rescheduled.
concerts direct operating expenses include artist fees, event production costs, show-related marketing and advertising expenses, along with other costs.
to judge the health of our concerts segment, we primarily monitor the number of confirmed events and fan attendance in our network of owned or operated and third-party venues, talent fees, average paid attendance, market ticket pricing, advance ticket sales and the number of major artist clients under management. in addition, at our owned or operated venues and festivals, we monitor apf and premium ticket sales. for business that is conducted in foreign markets, we also compare the operating results from our foreign operations to prior periods without the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.
ticketing revenue related to ticketing service charges is recognized when the ticket is sold for our third-party clients. for our own events, where our concert promoters control ticketing, revenue is deferred and recognized when the event occurs. gtv represents the total amount of the transaction related to a ticket sale and includes the face value of the ticket as well as the service charge. we use gtv to evaluate changes in ticket fee revenue that are driven by the pricing of our service charges.
ticketing direct operating expenses include call center costs and credit card fees, along with other costs.
to judge the health of our ticketing segment, we primarily review the gtv and the number of tickets sold through our primary and secondary ticketing operations, the number of clients renewed or added and the average royalty rate paid to clients who use our ticketing services. in addition, we review the number of visits to our websites, cost of customer acquisition, the purchase conversion rate, and the overall number of customers in our database. for business that is conducted in foreign markets, we also compare the operating results from our foreign operations to prior periods without the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.
sponsorship & advertising revenue related to sponsorship and advertising programs is recognized over the term of the agreement or operating season as the benefits are provided to the sponsor unless the revenue is associated with a specific event, in which case it is recognized when the event occurs.
sponsorship & advertising direct operating expenses include fulfillment costs related to our sponsorship programs, along with other costs.
to judge the health of our sponsorship & advertising segment, we primarily review the revenue generated through sponsorship arrangements and online advertising, and the percentage of expected revenue under contract. for business that is conducted in foreign markets, we also compare the operating results from our foreign operations to prior periods without the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates.
key operating metrics year ended december 31,
(1)events generally represent a single performance by an artist. fans generally represent the number of people who attend an event. festivals are counted as one event in the quarter in which the festival begins, but the number of fans is based on the days the fans were present at the festival and thus can be reported across multiple quarters. events and fan attendance metrics are estimated each quarter.
(2)the fee-bearing tickets estimated above include primary and secondary tickets that are sold using our ticketmaster systems or that we issue through affiliates. this metric includes primary tickets sold during the year regardless of event timing, except for our own events where our concert promoters control ticketing which are reported when the events occur. the non-fee-bearing tickets estimated above include primary tickets sold using our ticketmaster systems, through season seat packages and our venue clients' box offices, along with tickets sold on our "do it yourself" platform. these ticketing metrics are net of any refunds requested and any cancellations that occurred during the period and up to the time of reporting of these consolidated financial statements.
year ended december 31,                                                                    % change             % change
gain on disposal of operating assets                                              (10,804)                      (30,810)                       (1,162)                (65)%   *
**       see "-non-gaap measures" above for the definition of aoi margin.
revenue concerts revenue increased $5.3 billion during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily due to increased fan growth which was evenly distributed across our global markets with notable strength in europe, latin america, asia-pacific and canada. in addition, concerts had incremental revenue of $578.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 from acquisitions and new venues.
operating results concerts aoi increased $155.8 million and operating loss improved $94.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily driven by an increase in revenue discussed above as well as incremental revenue from acquisitions and new venues of $23.2 million. these increases were partially offset by increased direct operating expenses to support increased fan growth at events and increased selling general and administrative expenses primarily related to increased headcount and compensation expenses. the remaining change in operating income outside of aoi of $61.1 million is primarily attributable to higher depreciation and amortization expenses of $60.4 million for additional capital expenditures incurred to support the increased operations as well as from acquisitions and new venues.
year ended december 31,                                                                    % change             % change
loss (gain) on disposal of operating assets                    39                                                  (197)                          (67)                    *           *
**       see "-non-gaap measures" above for the definition of aoi margin.
operating results ticketing aoi increased $288.4 million and operating income increased $283.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily driven by increased ticketing activity discussed above. these increases were partially offset by higher direct operating expenses to support the increased operations and enterprise growth as well as higher selling, general and administrative expenses attributable to increased compensation expenses from increased headcount as compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31,                                                                 % change             % change
**       see "-non-gaap measures" above for the definition of aoi margin.
revenue sponsorship & advertising revenue increased $127.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year due to expanded deals across our ticket access and venue assets, the addition of the moody center arena in austin and new partnerships in mexico. sponsorship & advertising had incremental revenue of $36.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 from acquisitions of new venues.
operating results sponsorship & advertising aoi increased $83.2 million and operating income increased $66.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year. these increases were primarily due to higher sponsorship revenue discussed above. these increases were partially offset by increases in direct operating expenses, including higher artist activation costs, and selling, general and administrative expenses primarily related to increased headcount and compensation expenses. the remaining change in operating income outside of aoi of $17.2 million was primarily due to an increase in depreciation and amortization related to assets utilized to support higher activity levels as compared to the prior year.
liquidity and capital resources our cash is centrally managed on a worldwide basis. our primary short-term liquidity needs are to fund general working capital requirements, capital expenditures and debt service requirements while our long-term liquidity needs are primarily related to acquisitions and debt repayment. our primary sources of funds for our short-term liquidity needs will be cash flows from operations and borrowings under our amended senior secured credit facility, while our long-term sources of funds will be from cash flows from operations, long-term bank borrowings and other debt or equity financings. we may from time to time engage in open market purchases of our outstanding debt securities or redeem or otherwise repay such debt.
our balance sheet reflects cash and cash equivalents of $6.2 billion at december 31, 2023 and $5.6 billion at december 31, 2022. included in the december 31, 2023 and 2022 cash and cash equivalents balances are $1.5 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, of cash received that includes the face value of tickets sold on behalf of our ticketing clients and their share of service charges, which we refer to as client cash. we generally do not utilize client cash for our own financing or investing activities as the amounts are payable to clients on a regular basis. our foreign subsidiaries held approximately $2.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents, excluding client cash, at december 31, 2023. we generally do not repatriate these funds, but if we did, we would need to accrue and pay united states state income taxes as well as any applicable foreign withholding or transaction taxes on future repatriations.
we may from time to time enter into borrowings under our revolving credit facility. if the original maturity of these borrowings is 90 days or less, we present the borrowings and subsequent repayments on a net basis in the statement of cash flows to better represent our financing activities. our balance sheet reflects total net debt of $6.6 billion and $5.9 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. our weighted-average cost of debt, excluding unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs on our term loans and notes, was 4.7% at december 31, 2023 with approximately 87% of our debt at a fixed rate. our weighted-average cost of debt for short-term borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2023, excluding unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs on our term loans and notes, was 4.1%.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third-party financial institutions and consist of cash in our operating accounts and invested cash. cash held in non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating accounts in many cases exceeds the federal deposit insurance corporation insurance limits. the invested cash is in interest-bearing funds consisting primarily of bank deposits and money market funds. while we monitor cash and cash equivalents balances in our operating accounts on a regular basis and adjust the balances as appropriate, these balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail. to date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash and cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets.
for our concerts segment, we often receive cash related to ticket revenue in advance of the event, which is recorded in deferred revenue until the event occurs. in the united states, this cash is largely associated with events in our owned or operated venues, notably amphitheaters, festivals, theaters and clubs. internationally, this cash is from a combination of both events in our owned or operated venues, as well as events in third-party venues associated with our promoter's share of tickets in allocation markets. with the exception of some upfront costs and artist advances, which are recorded in prepaid expenses until the event occurs, we pay the majority of event-related expenses at or after the event. artists are paid when the event occurs under one of several different formulas, which may include fixed guarantees and/or a percentage of ticket sales or event profits, net of any advance they have received. when an event is cancelled, any cash held in deferred revenue is reclassified to accrued expenses as those funds are typically refunded to the fan within 30 days of event cancellation. when a show is rescheduled, fans have the ability to request a refund if they do not want to attend the event on the new date, although historically we have had low levels of refund requests for rescheduled events.
we view our available cash as cash and cash equivalents, less ticketing-related client cash, less event-related deferred revenue, less accrued expenses due to artists and cash collected on behalf of others, plus event-related prepaid expenses. this is essentially our cash available to, among other things, repay debt balances, make acquisitions, and finance capital expenditures.
our intra-year cash fluctuations are impacted by the seasonality of our various businesses. examples of seasonal effects include our concerts segment, which reports the majority of its revenue in the second and third quarters. cash inflows and outflows depend on the timing of event-related payments but the majority of the inflows generally occur prior to the event. see "-seasonality" below. we believe that we have sufficient financial flexibility to fund these fluctuations and to access the global capital markets on satisfactory terms and in adequate amounts, although there can be no assurance that this will be the case, and capital could be less accessible and/or more costly given current economic conditions. we expect cash flows from operations and borrowings under our amended senior secured credit facility, along with other financing alternatives, to satisfy working capital requirements, capital expenditures and debt service requirements for at least the succeeding year.
we may need to incur additional debt or issue equity to make other strategic acquisitions or investments. there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. we may make significant acquisitions in the near term, subject to limitations imposed by our financing agreements and market conditions.
the lenders under our revolving loans and counterparty to our interest rate hedge agreement consists of banks and other third-party financial institutions. while we currently have no indications or expectations that such lenders will be unable to fund their commitments as required, we can provide no assurances that future funding availability will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. should an individual lender default on its obligations, the remaining lenders would not be required to fund the shortfall, resulting in a reduction in the total amount available to us for future borrowings, but would remain obligated to fund their own commitments. should the counterparty to our interest rate hedge agreement default on its obligation, we could experience higher interest rate volatility during the period of any such default.
sources of cash in november 2023, we amended our senior secured credit facility and now have a $1.3 billion revolving credit facility in addition to the existing $950 million term loan b facility. the new $1.3 billion revolving credit facility refinanced our existing $630 million revolving credit facilities and we drew down $370 million at closing to repay in full our outstanding $367.5 million delayed draw term a loan facility and related accrued interest and fees. the delayed draw term a loan facility was permanently retired upon being repaid in full. on february 9, 2024, we repaid $250 million of principal related to our revolving credit facility.
in february 2023, we amended our senior secured credit facility. the amendments provides for, among other things: (i) replacement of the benchmark reference rate of the eurodollar rate (as defined in the credit agreement) with the term sofr rate for borrowings denominated in united states dollars and for each alternative currency (as defined in the credit agreement), a corresponding reference rate, as set forth in the amended credit agreement, (ii) deletion of the provisions regarding canadian bankers' acceptances, and (iii) the addition of our ability to draw letters of credit in canadian dollars.
in january 2023, we issued $1.0 billion principal amount of 3.125% convertible senior notes due 2029. in conjunction with this issuance, we used approximately $485.8 million of the net proceeds to repurchase $440.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2.5% convertible senior notes due 2023, entered into capped call transactions at a cost of $75.5 million, paid debt issuance costs of $15.0 million, with any remaining proceeds available for general corporate purposes.
in december 2022, we entered into a $126.7 million euro denominated note due in 2024 with a floating interest rate of three month euribor plus 3.0% per annum related to an asset acquisition in europe.
in september 2021, we elected to draw down the $400 million term loan a under the amended senior secured credit facility prior to expiration of the drawdown period on october 17, 2021. we also completed the public offering of 5,239,259 shares of common stock. a portion of the gross proceeds of $455.3 million were used to pay fees of $5.7 million, leaving $449.6 million of net proceeds. we used the net proceeds to fund the acquisition of 51% of the capital stock of ocesa and any remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes.
in january 2021, we issued $500 million principal amount of 3.75% senior secured notes due 2028. the proceeds were used to pay fees of $7.7 million and repay $75.0 million aggregate principal amount of our senior secured term loan b facility, leaving approximately $417.3 million for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and organic investment opportunities.
debt instruments information regarding our various debt instruments can be found in part ii -financial information -item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 5 - long-term debt.
debt covenants information regarding our debt covenants can be found in part ii -financial information -item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 5 - long-term debt.
uses of cash acquisitions when we make acquisitions, the acquired entity may have cash on its balance sheet at the time of acquisition. all amounts related to the use of cash for acquisitions discussed in this section are presented net of any cash acquired. during 2023, we completed various acquisitions for total consideration, net of cash acquired, of $17.5 million, including business acquisitions accounted for as asset acquisitions. this includes acquisitions of businesses for which we assumed debt of $278.9 million.
information regarding our acquisitions can be found in part ii -financial information -item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 2 - acquisitions.
capital expenditures venue and ticketing operations require ongoing investment in our existing venues and ticketing systems to address fan and artist expectations, technological industry advances and various federal, state and/or local regulations.
we categorize capital outlays between maintenance capital expenditures and revenue generating capital expenditures. revenue generating capital expenditures generally relate to the construction of new venues to expand our global footprint, major renovations to existing buildings or buildings that are being added to our venue network, the development of new ticketing tools and technology enhancements. revenue generating capital expenditures can also include smaller projects whose purpose is to increase revenue and/or improve operating income. maintenance capital expenditures are associated with the renewal and improvement of existing venues and technology systems, web development and administrative offices. capital expenditures typically increase during periods when our venues are not in operation since that is the time that such improvements can be completed.
our capital expenditures, including accruals for amounts incurred but not yet paid for but net of expenditures funded by outside parties such as landlords and noncontrolling interest partners or replacements funded by insurance proceeds, consisted of the following:
revenue generating capital expenditures            $321,885                      $237,603                      $102,418
maintenance capital expenditures                    131,866                       126,957                        68,148
total capital expenditures                         $453,751                      $364,560                      $170,566
revenue generating capital expenditures for 2023 increased from the same period of the prior year primarily due to enhancements at our amphitheaters and theaters in north america.
for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, $15.0 million, $12.4 million and $5.9 million, respectively, of insurance proceeds and landlord or noncontrolling interest partner reimbursements have been excluded from capital expenditures in the table above.
we expect capital expenditures to be approximately $540 million for the year ending december 31, 2024 with approximately two-thirds of the capital expenditure on revenue generating projects and approximately one-third of the capital expenditure on four venues.
operating activities                $1,370,794                      $1,832,063                      $1,780,568
investing activities                $(695,805)                      $(784,691)                      $(566,962)
financing activities                $(87,281)                       $(143,340)                      $1,171,332
operating activities cash provided by operating activities decreased $461.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily due to changes in operating assets and liabilities partially offset by an increase in 2023 operating results as discussed within each segment's operating results.
investing activities cash used in investing activities decreased $88.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily due to lower cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired of $239.7 million. this was partially offset by an increase of $91.4 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment in 2023 for revenue generating and maintenance capital expenditures. see "-uses of cash" above for further discussion.
financing activities cash used in financing activities decreased $56.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year primarily due to proceeds in 2023 from the issuance of our 3.125% convertible senior notes and draw down from our revolving credit facility partially offset by the repurchase of our 2.5% convertible senior notes and capped call transactions in connection with such issuance, repayment of the delayed draw term a loan facility and higher distributions to noncontrolling interests. see "-sources of cash" above for further discussion.
contractual obligations and commitments firm commitments we have future cash obligations for our debt obligations and operating lease liabilities. we lease office space, certain equipment and many of the venues used in our concert operations under long-term operating leases. some of our lease agreements contain renewal options and annual rental escalation clauses (generally tied to the consumer price index), as well as provisions for our payment of utilities and maintenance. information regarding our scheduled maturities of our outstanding debt obligations (excluding unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs) and operating lease liabilities can be found in part ii-financial information-item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 5 - long-term debt and -note 4 - leases, respectively.
we also have minimum payments associated with non-cancelable contracts related to our operations, such as artist guarantees and client ticketing agreements. as part of our ongoing capital projects, we will enter into construction-related commitments for future capital expenditure work. information regarding our minimum payments for non-cancelable contracts and capital expenditures commitments can be found in part ii-financial information-item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 8 - commitments and contingent liabilities as of december 31, 2023 and thus do not represent all expected expenditures for those periods.
the estimated interest payments, and expected payments of contingent and deferred consideration liabilities as of december 31, 2023 are as follows:
guarantees of third-party obligations as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, we guaranteed the debt of third parties of approximately $19.4 million and $19.5 million, respectively, primarily related to maximum credit limits on employee and tour-related credit cards, obligations of a nonconsolidated affiliate and obligations under a venue management agreement.
seasonality information regarding the seasonality of our business can be found in part ii-financial information-item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 1 - the company and summary of significant accounting policies.
market risk we are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market rates and prices, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.
foreign currency risk we have operations in countries throughout the world. the financial results of our foreign operations are measured in their local currencies. our foreign subsidiaries also carry certain net assets or liabilities that are denominated in a currency other than that subsidiary's functional currency. as a result, our financial results could be affected by factors such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in the foreign markets in which we have operations. our foreign operations reported operating income of $586.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2023. we estimate that a 10% change in the value of the united states dollar relative to foreign currencies would change our operating income for the year ended december 31, 2023 by $58.6 million. as of december 31, 2023, our most significant foreign exchange exposure included the euro, british pound, australian dollar, canadian dollar and mexican peso. this analysis does not consider the implication such currency fluctuations could have on the overall economic conditions of the united states or other foreign countries in which we operate or on the results of operations of our foreign entities. in addition, the reported carrying value of our assets and liabilities, including the total cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign operations, will also be affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
we primarily use forward currency contracts, in addition to options, to reduce our exposure to foreign currency risk associated with short-term artist fee commitments. we also may enter into forward currency contracts to minimize the risks and/or costs associated with changes in foreign currency rates on forecasted operating income. at december 31, 2023, we had forward currency contracts outstanding with a notional amount of $210.4 million.
interest rate risk our market risk is also affected by changes in interest rates. we had $6.6 billion of total debt, excluding unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs, outstanding as of december 31, 2023. of the total amount, we had $5.8 billion of fixed-rate debt and $0.8 billion of floating-rate debt.
based on the amount of our floating-rate debt as of december 31, 2023, each 25-basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would increase or decrease our annual interest expense and cash outlay by approximately $2.1 million. this potential increase or decrease is based on the simplified assumption that the level of floating-rate debt remains constant with an immediate across-the-board increase or decrease as of december 31, 2023 with no subsequent change in rates for the remainder of the period.
in january 2020, we entered into an interest rate swap agreement that is designated as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes to effectively convert a portion of our floating-rate debt to a fixed-rate basis. the swap agreement expires in october 2026, has a notional amount of $500 million and ensures that a portion of our floating-rate debt does not exceed 3.445%.
recent accounting pronouncements information regarding recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements can be found in item 8.-financial statements and supplementary data-note 1 - the company and summary of significant accounting policies.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates that are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such difference could be material. management believes that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. the following narrative describes these critical accounting estimates, the judgments and assumptions and the effect if actual results differ from these assumptions where applicable.
consolidation our consolidated financial statements include all of our accounts, including our majority owned and controlled subsidiaries and vies for which we are the primary beneficiary. intercompany accounts among the consolidated businesses have been eliminated in consolidation. net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests is reflected in the statements of operations.
typically, we consolidate entities in which we own more than 50% of the voting common stock and control operations and also vies for which we are the primary beneficiary. investments in nonconsolidated affiliates in which we own more than 20% of the voting common stock or otherwise exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies, but not control of the nonconsolidated affiliate, are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. investments in nonconsolidated affiliates in which we own less than 20% of the voting common stock and do not exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies are accounted for at fair value unless the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value in which case the investment is accounted for at cost less any impairment.
business combinations we account for our business combinations under the acquisition method of accounting. identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recognized and measured as of the acquisition date at fair value. additionally, contingent consideration is recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and classified as a liability. goodwill is recognized to the extent by which the aggregate of the acquisition-date fair value of the consideration transferred and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree exceeds the recognized basis of the identifiable assets acquired, net of assumed liabilities. determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates and asset lives among other items. in addition, when we have acquisitions where substantially all of the fair value of assets acquired is concentrated in a single asset or group of similar assets, we account for the acquisitions as asset acquisitions.
intangibles we classify intangible assets as definite-lived or indefinite-lived. definite-lived intangibles include revenue-generating contracts, client/vendor relationships, trademarks and naming rights, technology, non-compete agreements, and venue management and leasehold agreements, all of which are amortized either on a straight-line basis over the respective lives of the agreements, typically 3 to 10 years, or on a basis more representative of the time pattern over which the benefit is derived. we periodically review the appropriateness of the amortization periods related to our definite-lived intangible assets. these assets are stated at cost or fair value at the date of acquisition. indefinite-lived intangibles consist of trade names and cryptocurrency assets which are not subject to amortization. our amortization expense is presented as a separate line item, with depreciation expense, in the statements of operations. there is no amortization expense included in direct operating expenses, selling, general and administrative expenses or corporate expenses.
we test for possible impairment of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or circumstances change, such as a current period operating cash flow loss combined with a history of, or projections of, operating cash flow losses or a significant adverse change in the manner in which the asset is intended to be used, which could indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if indicators exist, we compare the estimated undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset to the carrying value of the asset. if the carrying value is greater than the estimated undiscounted future cash flow amount, an impairment charge is recorded based on the difference between the fair value and the carrying value. any such impairment charge is recorded in depreciation and amortization in the statements of operations. for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 there were no significant impairment charges.
we test for possible impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually. depending on facts and circumstances, qualitative factors may first be assessed to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if it is concluded that it is more likely than not impaired, we perform a quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount. when specific assets are determined to be impaired, the cost basis of the asset is reduced to reflect the current fair value. the impairment loss calculations require management to apply judgment in estimating future cash flows, expected future revenue, discount rates and royalty rates that reflect the risk inherent in future cash flows. for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were no significant impairment charges.
goodwill we review goodwill for impairment annually, as of october 1, using a two-step process. we also test goodwill for impairment in other periods if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount or when we change our reporting units.
the first step is a qualitative evaluation as to whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying value using an assessment of relevant events and circumstances. examples of such events and circumstances include historical financial performance, industry and market conditions, macroeconomic conditions, reporting unit-specific events, historical results of goodwill impairment testing and the timing of the last performance of a quantitative assessment. we also considered changes in discount rates, market multiples, carrying values and forecast since the last quantitative test. if any reporting units are concluded to be more likely than not impaired, or if that conclusion cannot be determined qualitatively, a second step is performed for that reporting unit utilizing a quantitative approach.
for the year ended december 31, 2023, as part of our annual test for impairment, one of our reporting units, which accounted for approximately 12% of our goodwill at december 31, 2023, was assessed under the quantitative analysis primarily using a discounted cash flows methodology, with a lesser weighting attributed to the market multiple approach. the discounted cash flows methodology estimates fair value by discounting the reporting unit's estimated future cash flows using a weighted-average cost of capital that reflects current market conditions and the risk profile of the reporting unit. under the market multiple approach, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was estimated by applying market multiples derived from stock prices of companies that are engaged in the same or similar lines of business as the reporting unit and that are actively traded on a free and open market. the derived multiples are then applied to the reporting unit's financial metrics. the remaining reporting units with goodwill were assessed under the initial qualitative evaluation and did not advance to the quantitative analysis.
for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, as part of our annual test for impairment, all of our reporting units with goodwill were assessed under the initial qualitative evaluation and did not advance to the quantitative analysis. no impairment charges were recorded for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
revenue recognition revenue from the promotion or production of an event in our concerts segment is recognized when the event occurs. revenue collected in advance of the event is recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs. revenue collected from sponsorship agreements, which is not related to a single event, is classified as deferred revenue and recognized over the term of the agreement or operating season as the benefits are provided to the sponsor.
revenue from our ticketing operations primarily consists of service fees charged at the time a ticket for an event is sold in either the primary or secondary markets. for primary tickets sold to our concert and festival events, where our concert promoters control ticketing, the revenue for the associated ticket service charges collected in advance of the event is recorded as deferred revenue until the event occurs and these service charges are shared between our ticketing and concerts segments. for primary tickets sold for events of third-party clients and secondary market sales, the revenue is recognized at the time of the sale and is recorded by our ticketing segment.
we account for taxes that are externally imposed on revenue producing transactions on a net basis.
litigation accruals we are currently involved in certain legal proceedings and, as required, have accrued our estimate of the probable costs for the resolution of these claims. management's estimates used have been developed in consultation with counsel and are based upon an analysis of potential results, assuming a combination of litigation and settlement strategies. it is possible, however, that future results of operations for any particular period could be materially affected by changes in our assumptions or the effectiveness of our strategies related to these proceedings.
income taxes we account for income taxes using the liability method which results in deferred tax assets and liabilities based on differences between financial reporting bases and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the periods in which the deferred tax asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. deferred tax assets are reduced by valuation allowances if we believe it is more likely than not that some portion of or the entire asset will not be realized. as almost all earnings from our continuing foreign operations are permanently reinvested and not distributed, our income tax provision does not include additional united states state and foreign withholding or transaction taxes on those foreign earnings that would be incurred if they were distributed. it is not practicable to determine the amount of state and foreign income taxes, if any, that might become due in the event that any remaining available cash associated with these earnings were distributed.
the fasb guidance for income taxes prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. for those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement.
we have established a policy of including interest related to tax loss contingencies in income tax expense (benefit) in the statements of operations.
the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") enacted in december 2017 subjects a united states corporation to tax on its global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"). we have established a policy of treating the taxes due on future gilti inclusions in united states taxable income as a current-period expense when incurred.