item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page forward-looking statements and other financial information               48
consolidated company outlook industry trends summary of critical accounting estimates                                 55
acquisitions and dispositions results of operations investments                                                              89
liquidity and capital resources                                         105
table of contents forward-looking statements and other financial information for purposes of this discussion, "metlife," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to metlife, inc., a delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. this discussion should be read in conjunction with "note regarding forward-looking statements," "risk factors," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and the company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" for cautionary language regarding forward-looking statements.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to our performance measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on gaap. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for definitions and a discussion of these and other financial measures, and "- results of operations" and "- investments" for reconciliations of historical non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
based on the forward yield curve as of december 31, 2023, we expect long-term interest rates to remain largely unchanged in 2024 with the yield curve steepening, as short-term interest rates decline. we believe that our investment portfolio is highly diversified and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic scenarios. see "- industry trends - impact of market interest rates" for discussion of the mitigating actions the company has taken to reduce interest rate sensitivity, as market interest rates are a key driver of our results.
our continued capital stress testing and longstanding commitment to liquidity position us to withstand a variety of economic conditions. we do not expect any material liquidity deficiencies, and we expect to remain able to comply with the financial covenants of our credit agreements. see "- liquidity and capital resources." we will continue reviewing accounting estimates, asset valuations and various financial scenarios for capital and liquidity implications. see "- investments - current environment" and "risk factors" for additional information.
assuming (i) interest rates following the observable forward yield curves as of december 31, 2023, including a 10-year u.s. treasury rate of 3.84% at december 31, 2024, (ii) s&p 500 equity index annual return of 5% over the near-term, and (iii) private equity annual returns between 7% to 10% over the near-term which is below our long-term historical returns of 12% and assumes continued pressure in the first quarter of 2024 before trending higher; we expect to maintain the two-year average annual ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings, excluding total notable items, at 65% to 75%.
further, based on the aforementioned assumptions, we are maintaining our target for adjusted return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") other than foreign currency translation adjustments ("fcta") and total notable items, of 13% to 15% over the near-term. lastly, we expect to exceed our goals to generate approximately $20.0 billion of free cash flow and make available an additional $1.0 billion to invest in growth and innovation, over the time period of 2020 through 2024.
based on our continued focus on expense discipline, building capacity to reinvest in growth initiatives and our overall efficiency mindset, we are lowering our full year direct expense ratio target, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers, from 12.6% to 12.3% over the near-term.
our outlook relies on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. we continually review our assumptions, implement mitigation plans, and take precautions. we may revise our outlook as we obtain more information regarding economic conditions, regulatory changes, and other events, and the impact of these events on our business operations, investment portfolio, derivatives, financial results and financial condition.
financial and economic environment our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, our large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors.
we are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives, such as global inflation, supply chain disruptions, acts of war and banking sector volatility. we are also monitoring the imposition of tariffs, sanctions or other barriers to international trade, changes to international trade agreements, and their potential impacts on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "- impact of market interest rates - effects of inflation," and "- investments - current environment."
governments and central banks around the world are using fiscal and monetary policies to address uncertain economic conditions. in the u.s., the federal reserve board and the federal open market committee took various actions in 2023 to promote economic stability and combat inflation, including raising interest rates, although rates have remained steady over the last few months, reflecting lower inflation. the european central bank and bank of england have been taking similar actions. in contrast, the bank of japan ("boj") has mostly kept its monetary policy settings on hold, reflecting a more cautious view on growth and inflation. the japanese yen has weakened against the u.s. dollar as monetary policy divergence has widened between the boj and the federal reserve board.
an increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. in our group life and disability businesses, premiums increase as compensation levels of our customers' employees increase. however, during inflationary periods with rising interest rates, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses, resulting in additional deferred tax assets that may not be realizable. inflation also increases expenses for labor and other costs, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities.
•reduce the difference between interest credited to policyholders and interest earned on supporting assets ("gross margin");
•increase our reserves related to policy liabilities and potentially impair intangible assets;
•reduce interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values;
•change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix; and
•experience changing policyholder behavior, including surrender or withdrawal activity.
table of contents for additional discussion on gross margin and interest rate assumptions, as well as the potential impact of low interest rates, see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022 - actuarial assumption review;" "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to impair voba, voda or vocra;" "risk factors - business risks - we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against our deferred income tax assets;" and "risk factors - business risks - we may face volatility, higher risk management costs, and increased counterparty risk due to guarantees within certain of our products."
•decrease the value of our reserves related to policy liabilities;
•increase interest expense, change pension and other post-retirement benefit calculations, and change derivative cash flows and market values; and
•change our product offerings, design features, crediting rates and sales mix.
for additional discussion on the potential impact of rising interest rates, see "risk factors - investment risks - we may change our securities and investments valuation, or take allowances and impairments on our investments, or change our methodologies, estimations, and assumptions."
management actions to manage the impact of a changing u.s. interest rate environment, we maintain diversification across products, distribution channels, and geographies while proactively evaluating interest rate and product strategies. in addition, we apply disciplined asset/liability management ("alm") strategies, including the use of derivatives. our ability to take such actions may be limited by competition, regulatory approval requirements, or minimum crediting rate guarantees and may not match the timing or magnitude of interest rate changes.
in addition to proactive management strategies, businesses within our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments help manage impacts to our consolidated results given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity.
for additional discussion on interest rate risk management and our ability to change interest crediting rates or dividend scales, see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - we may face difficult economic conditions - interest rate risks;" "- risk management;" and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures," as well as notes 5 and 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
interest rate scenarios to illustrate our sensitivity to u.s. interest rates, we compared the outcome of two hypothetical interest rate environments (the "declining interest rate scenario" and "rising interest rate scenario") relative to our baseline economic assumptions (the "base scenario") through 2026.
the declining interest rate scenario assumes u.s. interest rates for all maturities decline immediately on january 1, 2024 by 50 basis points compared to the base scenario through 2026. the rising interest rate scenario assumes u.s. interest rates rise immediately on january 1, 2024 by 50 basis points through 2026. other than changing u.s. interest rates through 2026, all other economic assumptions are equivalent in the base scenario, declining interest rate scenario and rising interest rate scenario.
hypothetical impact to net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings we estimate a net favorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. we hold significant positions in long-duration receive-fixed u.s. interest rate swaps, which are most sensitive to the 10-year and 30-year swap rates, to hedge reinvestment risk. we estimate a net unfavorable impact to net derivative gains (losses) for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario.
we estimate a net unfavorable impact to market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. under the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario, we expect the market risk benefit ("mrb") reserves to increase due to discounting the future cash flows at a lower rate. we estimate a net favorable impact to market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario. under the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario, we expect the mrb reserves to decrease due to discounting the future cash flows at a higher rate.
we estimate a net unfavorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical declining interest rate scenario. the negative impact of reinvesting cash flows in lower yielding assets is partially offset by lowering interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products, and additional derivative income. we estimate a net favorable impact to consolidated adjusted earnings for 2024 through 2026 for the hypothetical rising interest rate scenario. the positive impact of reinvesting cash flows in higher yielding assets is partially offset by increased interest crediting rates and dividend scales on products and lower derivative income.
table of contents the following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, for the declining interest rate scenario:
expenses market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses            $545                       $(7)                          $(10)
adjusted earnings group benefits                                                $3                       $(12)                         $(24)
the following table summarizes the hypothetical impact on net derivative gains (losses), market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses and adjusted earnings for certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, for the rising interest rate scenario:
expenses market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses            $(466)                            $7                           $10
adjusted earnings group benefits                                                $(3)                           $12                           $24
segments and corporate & other the primary drivers impacting certain of our segments, as well as corporate & other, in the hypothetical interest rate scenarios are summarized below. our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments are excluded given their limited u.s. interest rate sensitivity. for additional information regarding account values subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees, the maturity profile of fixed maturity securities available-for-sale ("afs"), and the yield on invested assets, see "- investments," and notes 5 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents group benefits declining interest rate scenario. our group life insurance products are primarily renewable term policies. this provides repricing flexibility to mitigate the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. additionally, we experience gross margin compression from our disability policy claim reserves for which crediting rates cannot be reduced. we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression for both products.
gross margin compression is limited for our group disability products, which are generally renewable term policies allowing for crediting rate adjustments at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and the prevailing interest rate assumptions.
rising interest rate scenario. we reinvest our cash flows from our group insurance products in higher yielding assets, mitigating the impact of (i) higher interest crediting rates on, primarily, our retained asset accounts, and (ii) lower income from our derivative positions used to mitigate low interest rate margin compression.
retirement and income solutions this business contains both short- and long-duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products.
the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios do not assume any additional alm actions we may take to preserve margins.
declining interest rate scenario. a significant portion of short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates gross margin compression. our long-duration products have very predictable cash flows and we use both interest rate derivatives and asset/liability duration matching to mitigate gross margin compression. these mitigating strategies partially offset the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets. based on our investment portfolios and expected cash flows, only a small portion of invested assets are subject to reinvestment risk through 2026.
rising interest rate scenario. our long-duration products, which have very predictable cash flows, benefit from reinvesting in higher yielding assets, which is partially offset by the negative impact of lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment. a significant portion of our short-duration products are managed on a floating rate basis. the negative impact of higher crediting rates on these short-duration products is partially offset by higher income from derivative positions designed to protect against a rising interest rate environment.
declining interest rate scenario. our japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident & health products, many of which are u.s. dollar denominated. we experience gross margin compression to the extent our investment portfolios are u.s. interest rate sensitive and we are unable to offset the impact by lowering interest crediting rates. additionally, we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and alm strategies.
our japan business also offers u.s. dollar denominated annuities which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set upon issuance. this allows for tightly managing product alm, cash flows and net spreads, which mitigates interest rate risk.
rising interest rate scenario. for u.s. dollar denominated products, higher reinvestment rates on cash flows from these products more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates on such products, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment.
metlife holdings declining interest rate scenario. our interest rate sensitive life products include traditional and universal life products. since most of our traditional life insurance is participating, we can mitigate gross margin compression by adjusting the applicable dividend scale. for our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and alm strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. although we are able to mitigate gross margin compression by lowering interest crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies, these actions may be partially offset by increased liabilities for policies with secondary guarantees.
table of contents our annuity products can experience gross margin compression primarily from deferred annuities with minimum crediting rate guarantees. while most of these contracts are either at or slightly above their minimum crediting rate, we use interest rate derivatives to manage the gross margin compression risk.
our long-term care business experiences gross margin compression as we cannot reduce interest crediting rates for established claim reserves. long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. we review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term care claim reserves no less frequently than annually and, with respect to interest rates, set the discount rate based on the prevailing interest rate environment.
our retained asset accounts experience gross margin compression due to minimum crediting rate guarantees. most of these accounts are at their minimum crediting rates and therefore we use interest rate derivatives to mitigate gross margin compression.
rising interest rate scenario. higher reinvestment rates on cash flows, over time, more than offset the negative impacts of (i) higher interest crediting rates, and (ii) lower income from derivative positions designed to protect against a low interest rate environment.
corporate & other corporate & other contains the surplus investment portfolios used to fund capital and liquidity needs, certain reinsurance agreements, collateral financing arrangements, and our outstanding debt and preferred securities. for purposes of the two hypothetical interest rate scenarios, the impact on pension and postretirement plan expenses is included within corporate & other and not allocated across segments.
declining interest rate scenario. the negative impact of reinvesting in lower yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the positive impact of lower interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and lower pension expense. although low interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities increasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in lower expenses.
rising interest rate scenario. the positive impact of reinvesting in higher yielding assets, over time, more than offsets the negative impact of higher interest expense on debt, preferred stock dividends and higher pension expense. although higher interest rates result in pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities decreasing, the impact is more than offset by the corresponding returns on fixed income investments and results in higher expenses.
competitive pressures the life insurance industry remains highly competitive. see "business - competition." product development is focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. certain of the industry's products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. cost reduction efforts are a priority for industry players, with benefits resulting in price adjustments to favor customers and reinvestment capacity. larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. insurers are increasingly seeking alternative sources of revenue; there is a focus on monetization of assets, fee-based services, and opportunities to offer comprehensive solutions, which include providing value-added services along with traditional products. financial strength and flexibility and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the ability to leverage the capabilities of new digital entrants. there is a shift in distribution from proprietary to third-party models in mature markets, due to the lower cost structure. evolving customer expectations are having a significant impact on the competitive environment as insurers strive to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. rising demands from stakeholders to address esg issues have resulted in insurers expanding their sustainability efforts. legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can also affect the competitive environment within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. see "business - regulation." in addition to financial strength, technological efficiency and organizational agility, we believe that the ability to adapt to changes in the competitive environment as a result of global market volatility, changing interest rates and uncertain economic conditions is a significant differentiator to success in the life insurance industry and the broader financial services industry, and we are well positioned to compete in this environment.
table of contents regulatory developments in the u.s., our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. as life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. laws and regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. regulators have also undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products. see "business - regulation," "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets risks - our statutory life insurance reserve financings costs may increase, and we may find limited market capacity for new financings" and "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in laws or regulation, or in supervisory and enforcement policies, may reduce our profitability, limit our growth, or otherwise adversely affect us."
summary of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements. effective january 1, 2023, the company adopted a new accounting pronouncement related to targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts ("ldti") with a january 1, 2021 transition date (the "transition date"). the effects of adoption were therefore applied for years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, as described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. this summary of critical accounting estimates reflects this adoption. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates include those used in determining:
(i)            future policy benefit liabilities ("fpbs"), mrbs, and the accounting for reinsurance;
(iii)          investment allowance for credit loss ("acl") and impairments;
(vi)           measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities;
(viii)         liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters.
due to the adoption of ldti, the measurement model for deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") and voba changed and the majority of the embedded derivatives met the criteria to be accounted for as mrbs; therefore, we no longer believe that dac, voba and embedded derivatives are critical accounting estimates. ldti impacted the recognition and measurement of fpbs, mrbs and reinsurance, along with the resulting impacts to deferred income taxes which are described in further detail below. the other critical accounting estimates above were not impacted by the adoption of ldti and are described below.
in addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed - the most significant of which relate to the aforementioned critical accounting estimates. in applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. actual results could differ from these estimates.
table of contents future policy benefit liabilities generally, fpbs are payable over an extended period of time and calculated as the present value of future expected benefits and claim settlement expenses to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums. such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with gaap and applicable actuarial standards. principal assumptions used in the establishment of fpbs for traditional long-duration non-participating products are expectations related to mortality, morbidity, termination, claim settlement expense, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, inflation, and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. these assumptions are reviewed at least annually and updated as needed to reflect our expected experience for future periods. if net premiums exceed gross premiums (i.e., expected benefits exceed expected gross premiums), the fpbs are increased, and a corresponding adjustment is recognized in net income.
liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs.
traditional non-participating long-duration and limited-payment contracts comprise the majority of metlife's fpbs, inclusive of deferred profit liabilities, as described in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. for such contracts, cash flow assumptions are used to project the amount and timing of expected future benefits and claim settlement expenses to be paid and the expected future premiums to be collected for a cohort. generally, the liabilities for these products are updated retrospectively on a quarterly basis for actual experience and at least once a year for any changes in cash flow assumptions. the change in fpbs reflected in the statement of operations is calculated using a locked-in discount rate. for contracts issued prior to the transition date, the company developed a cohort level locked-in discount rate that reflects the interest accretion rates that were locked in at inception of the underlying contracts (unless there was a historical premium deficiency event that resulted in updating the interest accretion rate prior to the transition date), or the acquisition date for contracts acquired through an assumed in-force reinsurance transaction or a business combination. as described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for contracts issued subsequent to the transition date, the upper-medium grade discount rate is locked-in for the cohort and used to discount the estimated cash flows. the company generally interprets this as a rate comparable to that of a corporate single a discount rate and reflects the duration characteristics of the liability. the fpb for all cohorts is remeasured to a current upper-medium grade discount rate at each reporting period through other comprehensive income (loss) ("oci").
liabilities for universal and variable universal life secondary and paid-up guarantees ("additional insurance liabilities") are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. the assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are investment income, mortality, lapse, and premium payment pattern and persistency. in addition, the projected account balance and assessments used in this calculation are impacted by the earned rate on investments and the interest crediting rates, which are typically subject to guaranteed minimums. the assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products' separate account funds are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity indices, such as the s&p 500 index. these assumptions are monitored and updated retrospectively based on market conditions and historical experience on a periodic basis.
accounting for reinsurance generally presents the income statement effect of direct policies on a net-of-reinsurance basis by using assumptions and methodologies consistent with those used to project the future performance of the underlying direct business. further, the potential impact of counterparty credit risks is considered when measuring the reinsurance recoverables. we periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. see "- investment allowance for credit loss and impairments." additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. we review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. if we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting.
table of contents we measure market risk related to our market sensitive traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables based on changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates utilizing a sensitivity analysis. the results of this sensitivity analysis are included in "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - risk measurement: sensitivity analysis." we have also assessed the sensitivities of hypothetical changes in significant assumptions to reported amounts related to our traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables for products including, but not limited to, those within the disaggregated rollforwards included in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as reflected in the following table:
traditional long-duration non-participating and limited-payment contracts, additional insurance liabilities and reinsurance recoverables december 31, 2023
mortality effect of an increase by 1%         $(69)                        $8                                           $105                          $(28)
morbidity (3)
(1) fpbs are inclusive of deferred profit liabilities where applicable.
(2) all sensitivities exclude potential changes in our future premium rate assumptions.
(3) for products which are subject to morbidity risk, metlife applied sensitivities to the incidence rate assumptions only.
(4) for metlife holdings long-term care products, the lapse impacts include mortality as both mortality and lapse result in termination of these contracts without any additional benefit payment.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including the significant inputs, judgments, valuation methods and assumptions used in the establishment of fpbs, as well as the effect of changes in such factors on the measurement of our fpbs during the year. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs.
traditional participating contracts comprise a significant portion of metlife's fpbs, as described in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. for such contracts, original assumptions developed at the time of issue are locked-in and used in all future liability calculations. an additional liability would be required if the resulting liabilities are not adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses (i.e., there is a premium deficiency). for these contracts, metlife's risk of adverse experience may be mitigated through adjustments to the dividend scales.
for all insurance assets and liabilities, metlife holds capital and surplus to mitigate potential adverse experience development. the company's approaches for managing liquidity and capital are described in "- liquidity and capital resources."
table of contents market risk benefits mrbs are contracts or contract features that guarantee benefits, such as guaranteed minimum benefits (referred to as "gmxbs"), in addition to an account balance which expose insurance companies to other than nominal capital market risk (e.g., equity price, interest rate, and/or foreign currency exchange risk) and protect the contractholder from the same risk. certain contracts may have multiple contract features or guarantees that meet the definition of an mrb. those benefits are aggregated and measured as a single compound mrb.
all identified mrbs are required to be measured at estimated fair value, which is determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees attributable to those benefit features. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. the valuation of these mrbs also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. the nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for metlife, inc.'s debt, including related credit default swaps. these observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to metlife, inc. risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. the establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees.
changes in the estimated fair value of mrbs are recognized in net income, except for fair value changes attributable to a change in nonperformance risk of the company which is recorded within oci.
the estimated fair value of the net mrb liability may rise in volatile or declining equity markets or in a low interest rate environment. market conditions including changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income, and changes in our nonperformance risk could materially affect oci.
we measure market risk related to our mrbs based on changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and equity market prices utilizing a sensitivity analysis. the results of this sensitivity analysis are included in "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - risk measurement: sensitivity analysis." we have also assessed the sensitivities of hypothetical changes in significant assumptions to reported amounts related to our mrbs for products included within the disaggregated rollforwards in note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as reflected in the following table:
(liabilities net of assets)                        to pre-tax net income increase / (decrease) (in millions)
mortality effect of an increase by 1%            $1                                                 $1                               $(2)
table of contents see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information, including the significant inputs, judgments, valuation methods and assumptions used in the establishment of the mrbs, as well as the effect of changes in such factors on the measurement of our mrbs during the year. also, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fair value measurement of mrbs.
for the vast majority of our investments, sensitivity analysis regarding unobservable inputs is not necessary or appropriate, as they are valued using quoted prices, as described above. quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in fair value measurement and the sensitivity of the estimated fair value to changes in those inputs for the more significant asset and liability classes measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis is presented in note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments.
investment allowance for credit loss and impairments the significant estimates and inherent uncertainties related to our evaluation of credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio are summarized below. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for information regarding the sensitivity of our fixed maturity securities and mortgage loan portfolios to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
fixed maturity securities the assessment of whether a credit loss has occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of whether the net amount expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis. we consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. we evaluate credit loss by considering information that changes from time to time about past events, current and forecasted economic conditions, and we measure credit loss by estimating recovery value using a discounted cash flow analysis. we estimate recovery value based on our best estimate of future cash flows, which is inherently subjective, and methodologies can vary depending on the facts and circumstances specific to each security. we record an acl for the amount of the credit loss instead of recording a reduction of the amortized cost. the evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the determination of the amount of acl is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. we revise these estimates and assumptions as conditions change and new information becomes available. the valuation of our fixed maturity securities portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our fixed maturities securities portfolio that is foreign denominated is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
table of contents mortgage loans the acl is established both for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for loans with dissimilar risk characteristics, collateral dependent loans and certain modified loans, individually on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loans that we do not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loans being presented at the net amount expected to be collected. to determine the mortgage loan acl, we apply significant judgment to estimate expected lifetime credit loss over the contractual term of our mortgage loans adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions; and we consider past events and current and forecasted economic conditions which are subject to inherent uncertainty and which may change from time to time. the acl methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of credit loss are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the determination of the amount of acl is subjective as it includes our estimates and assumptions and assessment of known and inherent risks. we revise these estimates as conditions change and new information becomes available. the estimated fair value of our mortgage loan portfolio is sensitive to changes in interest rates and the estimated fair value of the portion of our mortgage loan portfolio that is foreign denominated is sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
leases, real estate and other asset classes the determination of the amount of acl on leases and impairments on real estate and the remaining asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our quarterly evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. the evaluation processes, measurement methodologies, significant inputs and significant judgments and assumptions used to determine the amount of acl and impairments are described in notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
derivatives the determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on significant inputs into the otc derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment.
see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs. see also "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for information regarding the sensitivity of our derivatives to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity market prices.
for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value; however, the loss recognized would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. additionally, the company will consider income tax effects from any tax-deductible goodwill on the carrying value of the reporting unit when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. the key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected adjusted earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewed business, as well as margins on such business, interest rate levels, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit.
table of contents we apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. the valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent reasonable expectations regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based may differ from actual future results. the estimated fair value of the reporting units tested can be impacted by unexpected changes in the legislative, regulatory and macroeconomic environment. declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position.
in the third quarter of 2023, the company performed its annual goodwill impairment tests on all reporting units using both qualitative and quantitative assessments. the quantitative assessment utilized the market multiple or embedded value approaches, and, when appropriate, was supplemented with a discounted cash flow valuation based on best available data as of june 30, 2023. the company concluded that the estimated fair values of all such reporting units, except for emea, were substantially in excess of their carrying values. the company also concluded that goodwill for all reporting units was not impaired.
as part of the annual goodwill impairment testing, the company tested the emea reporting unit for impairment using the market multiple and the discounted cash flow valuation approaches. the estimated fair value of the emea reporting unit under these approaches exceeded the carrying value by approximately 16% and 14%, respectively, and, therefore, the emea reporting unit was not impaired, but the margin has decreased below what the company considered a substantial margin. if we had assumed that the discount rate was 100 basis points higher than the discount rate used in the discounted cash flow valuation approach, the estimated fair value of the emea reporting unit would have been higher than the carrying value by approximately 9%.
see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our goodwill.
employee benefit plans certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans covering eligible employees. see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on amendments to our u.s. benefit plans. the calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. in consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams.
we determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2022, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs in 2023 would have been as follows:
increase/(decrease) in net periodic pension cost                              increase/(decrease) in net other postretirement benefit cost
this table considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
table of contents we determine the discount rates used to value the company's pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2022, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been as follows:
increase/(decrease) in net periodic pension cost                              increase/(decrease) in net other postretirement benefit cost
given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2023, the end of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our benefit obligations would have been as follows:
increase/(decrease) in pension benefit obligation                             increase/(decrease) in other postretirement benefit obligation
these tables consider only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. the assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. these differences may have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and liquidity.
see note 21 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans.
income taxes and valuation of deferred tax assets our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. we must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions in which we conduct business.
the company considers all available factors, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of these factors, a partial or full valuation allowance for categories of deferred tax assets is required. the weight given to these factors is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. examples of factors considered in determining deferred tax asset realizability include past earnings history, projections of taxable income and tax planning strategies, including the intent and ability to hold certain securities until they recover in value. changes in tax laws and/or statutory tax rates in countries in which we operate could have an impact on our valuation of net deferred tax assets. if there had been a 1% increase in the global effective income tax rate, the change would have resulted in an approximate $84 million increase in the net deferred income tax asset balance at december 31, 2023.
see notes 1 and 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes.
table of contents litigation contingencies we are a defendant in a large number of litigation matters and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material effect on the company's consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods. liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of reliable data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. on a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
see note 24 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies.
acquisitions and dispositions acquisitions acquisition of raven capital management in march 2023, the company completed the acquisition of raven capital management, an alternative investment firm.
acquisition of affirmative investment management in december 2022, the company completed the acquisition of affirmative investment management, a specialist global environmental, social and corporate governance impact fixed income investment manager.
ownership increase of pnb metlife in february 2022, the company acquired approximately 15.0% ownership in pnb metlife india insurance company limited ("pnb metlife"). as a result, the company's ownership in pnb metlife, an operating joint venture accounted for under the equity method, increased to approximately 47.0%.
dispositions pending disposition of metlife malaysia for information regarding the company's pending disposition of its ownership interests in ammetlife insurance berhad (malaysia) and ammetlife takaful berhad (malaysia) (collectively, "metlife malaysia"), each an operating joint venture accounted for under the equity method, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife poland and greece for information regarding the company's dispositions of its wholly-owned subsidiaries in poland and greece in april 2022 and january 2022, respectively (collectively, "metlife poland and greece"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife seguros for information regarding the company's september 2021 disposition of its wholly-owned argentinian subsidiary, metlife seguros s.a. ("metlife seguros"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
disposition of metlife p&c for information regarding the company's april 2021 disposition of metropolitan property and casualty insurance company and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, "metlife p&c"), see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
table of contents results of operations overview metlife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. in the fourth quarter of 2023, metlife reorganized from five segments into the following six segments to reflect changes in management's responsibilities: group benefits; ris; asia; latin america; emea; and metlife holdings. the group benefits and ris businesses were previously reported as the u.s. segment. these changes were applied retrospectively and did not have an impact on prior period total consolidated net income (loss) or adjusted earnings. in addition, the company continues to report certain of its results of operations in corporate & other. see "business - segments and corporate & other" and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's segments and corporate & other.
reinsurance transaction in november 2023, the company completed a risk transfer transaction with subsidiaries of global atlantic financial group, a retirement and life insurance company, to reinsure an in-force block of universal life, variable universal life, universal life with secondary guarantees, and fixed annuities, which was reported in the metlife holdings segment. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                   45,212                      50,213                      43,998
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses                             (45)                         114                       (172)
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                               (994)                     (3,674)                     (1,237)
interest credited to policyholder account balances                             7,860                       3,894                       5,571
other expenses, net of capitalization of dac                                   9,739                       9,119                       9,096
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                       560                       1,062                       1,642
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
•impairment losses in 2023 for investments disposed of in connection with a reinsurance transaction
•impairment loss in 2023 in connection with the pending disposition of metlife malaysia
•lower losses on sales of fixed maturity securities in 2023
•mark-to-market gains on equity securities in 2023
•key equity indexes increased in 2023 versus decreased in 2022 - unfavorable impact to equity options and trrs
•the u.s. dollar weakened against major currencies in 2023 compared to strengthened in 2022 - unfavorable impact to the estimated fair value of receive-u.s. dollar foreign currency swaps market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses(4) - unfavorable change of $2.7 billion ($2.1 billion, net of income tax):
•key equity indexes increased in 2023 versus decreased in 2022
◦of the $9 million gain, a loss of $4 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, a loss of $2 million was recognized in net derivative gains (losses), both of which are discussed above, and a gain of $15 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
◦of the $206 million gain, a gain of $261 million was recognized in market risk benefits remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a loss of $55 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
◦the $197 million decrease was primarily driven by updates made in 2022 to policyholder behavior assumptions in the metlife holdings segment related to projected annuitizations for variable annuities, which were recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses adjusted earnings(5) - unfavorable change of $268 million. see "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings."
•non-taxable investment loss related to the pending disposition of metlife malaysia partially offset by:
•low income housing and other tax credits table of contents
•low income housing and other tax credits
•tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
•irs audit settlement
•non-taxable investment income year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
•losses in 2022 on sales of fixed maturity securities
•gain in 2021 on the disposition of metlife p&c
•mark-to-market losses in 2022 compared to mark-to-market gains in 2021 on equity securities partially offset by:
•key equity indexes decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021 - favorable impact to equity options and trrs
•long-term interest rates increased more significantly in 2022 versus 2021 - unfavorable impact to the estimated fair value of receive-fixed interest rate swaps market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses(4) - favorable change of $2.4 billion ($1.9 billion, net of income tax):
• key equity indexes decreased in 2022 versus increased in 2021
◦of the $206 million gain, a gain of $261 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a loss of $55 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
◦of the $355 million loss, a loss of $443 million was recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses, which is discussed above, and a gain of $88 million was recognized in adjusted earnings, which is discussed below
◦the $561 million increase was primarily driven by updates made in both 2022 and 2021 to policyholder behavior assumptions in the metlife holdings segment related to projected annuitizations for variable annuities, which were recognized in market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses adjusted earnings(5) - unfavorable change of $2.1 billion. see "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings."
•low income housing and other tax credits
•tax benefits from foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
•irs audit settlement
•low income housing and other tax credits
•irs audit settlement
•non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary to its u.s. parent
•dispositions of metlife p&c, metlife seguros and metlife poland and greece
(3) includes amounts relating to investment hedge adjustments, which are also included in adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. see "- investments - investment portfolio results" for additional information.
(5) as used in "- consolidated results - adjusted earnings" and as more fully described in "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures," we refer to adjusted earnings, which does not equate to net income (loss), as determined in accordance with gaap, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. we believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. adjusted earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for net income (loss). adjusted earnings available to common shareholders and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders on a constant currency basis should not be viewed as substitutes for net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders.
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea                 metlife holdings                  corporate &amp; other                    total
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                  (32)                      183                      (157)                           -                           11                                    -                              5
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                    29                       43                          -                          40                          882                                    -                            994
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                     -                    (395)                      (149)                       (687)                         (20)                                    -                        (1,251)
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                            -                                    -                              -
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              36                                  204                      328                         61                        (11)                          551                                (135)                          1,034
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea            metlife holdings                       corporate &amp; other                    total
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                 (116)                      191                      (536)                        (23)                -                                                -                          (484)
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                           -                -                                                -                              -
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                   315                       90                          -                         126                3,143                                            -                          3,674
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                    31                      246                         78                       1,030                -                                                -                          1,385
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                          11                -                                                -                             11
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (13)                                 45                      949                         63                          19                (403)                                         (80)                            580
(1)amounts for group benefits, ris, metlife holdings and corporate & other are shown on a reported basis, as constant currency impact is not significant.
group benefits                          ris                     asia                 latin america                     emea            metlife holdings                       corporate &amp; other                    total
policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       -                                  (86)                     (83)                      (280)                        (76)                -                                            (582)                        (1,107)
policyholder liability remeasurement (gains) losses               -                                     -                        -                          -                         (1)                -                                                -                            (1)
market risk benefit remeasurement (gains) losses                  -                                  (96)                       48                          -                         119                1,162                                            4                          1,237
interest credited to policyholder account balances                -                                     6                    (211)                        175                       (695)                -                                                -                          (725)
capitalization of dac                                             -                                     -                        -                          -                          30                -                                               89                            119
provision for income tax (expense) benefit                                                                              (4)                                (15)                      320                        132                        (13)       224                                                   (350)                            294
(1)amounts for group benefits, ris, metlife holdings and corporate & other are shown on a reported basis, as constant currency impact is not significant.
table of contents consolidated results - adjusted earnings business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $4.2 billion, or 7%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $4.1 billion, or 7%, compared to 2022, primarily due to lower premiums in our ris segment, mainly driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022. this was partially offset by (i) growth in the structured settlement, post-retirement benefit, u.k. longevity reinsurance and institutional income annuities businesses in our ris segment, (ii) strong sales in mexico and chile and solid persistency across the region in our latin america segment and (iii) growth in both core and voluntary products in our group benefits segment.
group benefits                                                                            $1,655                      $1,332                        $463
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products, primarily in our ris, asia and group benefits segments
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds largely offset by:
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, partially offset by lower derivative income volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $322 million:
•increase in interest credited expenses on long duration and certain other insurance products, primarily in our ris and latin america segments underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $301 million:
▪favorable underwriting - favorable mortality in our group benefits segment expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $150 million:
notable items - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments, as well as litigation reserves and settlements costs - decreased adjusted earnings by $151 million on a reported basis:
group benefits                             $27                            $-                             $27
year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $1.6 billion:
▪favorable underwriting, primarily driven by an overall decline in covid-19 related claims in our group benefits and latin america segments expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $243 million:
•higher corporate-related expenses, primarily in corporate & other table of contents notable items - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments - decreased adjusted earnings by $204 million on a reported basis:
group benefits                              $-                            $-                              $-
table of contents segment results and corporate & other group benefits business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $663 million, or 3%, compared to 2022, primarily driven by growth in both core and voluntary products.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 increased $723 million, or 3%, compared to 2021, primarily due to growth from our voluntary products, group disability and dental businesses.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               442       357                         126
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
•higher average interest crediting rates on certain insurance products and retained asset accounts
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds substantially offset by:
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and higher derivative income volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $71 million:
•growth in accident & health and legal plans businesses underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $269 million:
•favorable mortality in life products - decreases in both incidence and severity of claims, including the impact of lower covid-19 claims partially offset by:
•unfavorable morbidity - higher dental utilization, as well as higher pet insurance and vision claims, partially offset by favorable results in our disability businesses
•unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
•higher employee-related, technology, and marketing costs exceeded the corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $27 million:
•2023 notable item - favorable impact of $27 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
•higher average interest crediting rates on certain insurance products and retained asset accounts
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $89 million:
•growth in accident & health, group disability and dental businesses
•positive flows resulted in higher average invested assets underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $958 million:
•favorable mortality in life products - decreases in both incidence and severity of claims, largely driven by the impact of lower covid-19 claims
•favorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years partially offset by:
•unfavorable experience - individual and group disability businesses expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $75 million:
•higher direct expenses, including certain employee-related costs, exceeded the corresponding increase in adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues retirement & income solutions business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $5.5 billion, or 38%, compared to 2022. this was primarily due to lower premiums driven by a large pension risk transfer transaction in 2022, partially offset by growth in our structured settlement, post-retirement benefit, u.k. longevity reinsurance and institutional income annuities businesses.
changes in premiums are generally offset by a corresponding change in policyholder benefits.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               450       423                         678
table of contents year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans substantially offset by:
•higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $56 million:
•positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher average invested assets largely offset by:
•increase in interest credited expenses on long duration insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $35 million:
•favorable mortality - structured settlements and pension risk transfer businesses expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $22 million:
•higher expenses, including technology and certain employee-related costs notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $18 million:
•2023 notable item - favorable impact of $61 million - actuarial assumption review
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $79 million - reinsurance recapture, partially offset by actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
• variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds
• higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type and certain insurance products partially offset by:
• recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities and mortgage loans, and higher income on derivatives and real estate investments volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $130 million:
•positive flows from pension risk transfer transactions and funding agreement issuances resulted in higher average invested assets largely offset by:
•increase in interest credited expenses on long duration insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $31 million:
•favorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities table of contents partially offset by:
•less favorable mortality - primarily driven by structured settlements business; partially offset by pension risk transfer business expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $16 million:
•higher direct and allocated expenses due to employee-related costs notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $65 million:
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $79 million - reinsurance recapture, partially offset by actuarial assumption review
•2021 notable item - favorable impact of $14 million - actuarial assumption review asia business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 decreased $377 million, or 5%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $5 million compared to 2022, as decreases from annuity, accident & health and yen-denominated life products in japan were largely offset by higher premiums in korea.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $774 million, or 10%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $254 million, or 4%, compared to 2021, mainly due to increases in japan, australia and korea. in japan, higher fees from foreign currency-denominated life and fixed annuity products were partially offset by a decrease in premiums from yen-denominated life products. the increases in australia and korea were primarily due to business growth.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          558                         658                       1,017
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•higher average interest crediting rates on investment-type products partially offset by:
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities partially offset by lower derivative income table of contents underwriting and other insurance adjustments - decreased adjusted earnings by $31 million:
notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $62 million on a reported basis:
•2023 notable item - unfavorable impact of $94 million - actuarial assumption review
•2022 notable item - unfavorable impact of $32 million - actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $104 million:
•higher fee income in japan underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $63 million:
•favorable underwriting - higher surrenders from weakening japanese yen, partially offset by higher claims primarily due to covid-19
•unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $46 million:
•deferred tax asset write-off in china in 2022
•tax benefit in 2022 resulting from a change in the tax rate in korea notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $88 million on a reported basis:
•2022 notable item - unfavorable impact of $32 million - actuarial assumption review
•2021 notable item - favorable impact of $56 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents latin america business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $1.3 billion, or 29%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $896 million, or 19%, compared to 2022, mainly driven by strong sales in mexico and chile and solid persistency across the region.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                          297       220                         60
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•recurring investment income decreased - lower yields on fixed income securities, primarily in chile
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on real estate and private equity funds volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $129 million:
•higher commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization
•increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance products expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $26 million:
•tax adjustments in both years primarily driven by a recurring tax item related to inflation in chile partially offset by:
•tax refund in 2023 related to the filing of a mexico income tax return table of contents notable items - decreased adjusted earnings slightly on a reported basis:
•2022 notable item - favorable impact of $1 million - actuarial assumption review year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities, higher earnings from a joint venture investment in chile, and an increase in bond index returns on our chilean encaje within fvo securities.
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds
•higher interest credited expenses on certain insurance products volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $100 million:
•higher commissions and other variable expenses, net of dac capitalization
•increase in interest credited expenses on certain insurance products underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $390 million:
•favorable underwriting - a decline in covid-19-related claims, primarily in mexico and brazil, and a reduction to the incurred but not reported reserve that was established in 2021
•tax adjustments in both years primarily driven by a recurring tax item related to inflation in chile
•tax refund in 2022 related to the filing of the company's 2021 u.s. income tax return notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $5 million on a reported basis:
•2022 notable item - favorable impact of $1 million - actuarial assumption review
•2021 notable item - favorable impact of $6 million - actuarial assumption review table of contents emea business overview. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2023 increased $65 million, or 3%, compared to 2022. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, increased $136 million, or 6%, compared to 2022 primarily due to increases in our (i) corporate solutions business in the gulf, the u.k. and egypt, (ii) accident & health business across the region, and (iii) credit life business in turkey and romania, as well as (iv) an unfavorable refinement to an unearned revenue reserve in the gulf in 2022.
adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 decreased $427 million, or 16%, compared to 2021. adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, net of foreign currency fluctuations, decreased $145 million, or 6%, compared to 2021 primarily due to (i) the disposition of metlife poland and greece, (ii) a favorable refinement to an unearned premium reserve in italy in 2021 and an unfavorable refinement to an unearned revenue reserve in the gulf in 2022, and (iii) decreases in our corporate solutions and variable life businesses in the gulf, as well as our pension business in romania, partially offset by growth in (i) our accident & health business across the region, (ii) our corporate solutions business in egypt, and (iii) our credit life business in turkey and romania.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                           78       73                          94
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $27 million:
•credit life business in turkey
•ordinary life business in europe underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $9 million:
•favorable change from a 2022 refinement to certain insurance and other liabilities in the gulf
•favorable underwriting - corporate solutions business in the u.k., ordinary and variable life businesses in the gulf, and variable life business in the czech republic table of contents largely offset by:
•unfavorable underwriting - corporate solutions business in the gulf and egypt, accident and health business in the gulf, and ordinary life business in europe expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $33 million:
•higher direct expenses, including employee-related costs, across the region, as well as certain pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit costs taxes - decreased adjusted earnings by $10 million:
•tax adjustments in both years notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $3 million on a reported basis:
•2023 notable items - favorable impact of $18 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $15 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of income tax and foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
•turkish lira, euro and british pound weakened against the u.s. dollar volume growth - increased adjusted earnings by $5 million:
•credit life business in turkey
•pension business in romania underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $22 million:
•favorable underwriting - primarily due to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, which resulted in lower utilization in 2022 and higher claims in 2021 reflected in our:
◦credit life business in turkey and romania partially offset by:
•unfavorable change from refinements to certain insurance-related assets and liabilities in both years expenses - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
•disposition of metlife poland and greece in 2022
•amortization of dac and voba table of contents notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $15 million on a reported basis:
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $15 million - actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments metlife holdings business overview. our metlife holdings segment consists of operations relating to products and businesses, previously included in our former retail business, that we no longer actively market in the u.s. as anticipated, adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues continue to decline from expected business run-off. in addition, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on a transaction to reinsure an in-force block of this business.
provision for income tax expense (benefit)               176       254                         535
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds
•recurring investment income decreased - lower average invested assets volume growth - decreased adjusted earnings by $36 million, consistent with business run-off underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $18 million:
•unfavorable underwriting - life, annuity and long-term care businesses notable items - decreased adjusted earnings by $24 million:
•2023 notable items - favorable impact of $2 million - actuarial assumption review, largely offset by other insurance adjustments
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $26 million - reinsurance settlement, partially offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and hedge funds, as well as lower prepayment fees volume growth - decreased adjusted earnings by $135 million, consistent with business run-off underwriting and other insurance adjustments - increased adjusted earnings by $179 million:
•favorable underwriting - favorable mortality experience in our life business, partially offset by less favorable morbidity experience in our long-term care business
•lower corporate-related expenses notable items - increased adjusted earnings by $15 million:
•2022 notable items - favorable impact of $26 million - reinsurance settlement, partially offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments
•2021 notable item - favorable impact of $11 million - actuarial assumption review corporate & other years ended december 31,
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                   (407)                       (343)                       (574)
business activities                                                                 $87                        $138                        $143
corporate initiatives and projects                                                 (67)                        (64)                       (128)
provision for income tax (expense) benefit and other tax-related items              407                         343                         574
year ended december 31, 2023 compared with the year ended december 31, 2022
business activities - decreased adjusted earnings by $40 million:
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields on fixed income securities, fvo securities and mortgage loans, and an increase in average invested assets, partially offset by lower income on real estate investments table of contents largely offset by:
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity and real estate funds interest expense on debt - decreased adjusted earnings by $82 million:
corporate initiatives and projects & other - decreased adjusted earnings by $103 million:
•higher litigation reserves in 2023 (notable item)
•higher utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income, tax credits and foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
•irs audit settlements in both years had no net impact partially offset by:
•higher taxes on stock compensation year ended december 31, 2022 compared with the year ended december 31, 2021
•variable investment income decreased - lower returns on private equity funds partially offset by:
•recurring investment income increased - higher yields from fixed income securities and increased income on real estate investments, partially offset by lower equity market returns on fvo securities and lower yields on mortgage loans corporate initiatives and projects & other - decreased adjusted earnings by $148 million:
•legal reserve release in 2021 (notable item)
•higher interest expense on tax positions due to audit settlements in both years partially offset by:
•lower utilization of tax preferenced items, which include non-taxable investment income, tax credits and foreign earnings taxed at different rates than the u.s. statutory rate
•irs audit settlement in 2021 (notable item)
•non-cash transfer of assets from a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary to its u.s. parent in 2021 (notable item)
•irs audit settlements in 2022
table of contents investments overview we maintain a diversified global general account investment portfolio to support our mix of liabilities in our global businesses. we position our portfolio based on relative value and our view of the economy and financial markets. we maintain our focus on appropriate level of diversification and asset quality.
we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined alm principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return. our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with the vast majority of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities afs and mortgage loans. these securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities.
current environment as a global insurance company, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, the fiscal and monetary policy of governments and central banks around the world and other governmental measures. global inflation, supply chain disruptions, acts of war and banking sector volatility continue to impact the global economy and financial markets and have caused volatility in the global equity, credit and real estate markets. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment" for further information regarding conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally which may affect us. these factors may persist for some time and may continue to impact pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, as well as our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. rising market interest rates have impacted our investment portfolio and derivatives. see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings" for impacts on our derivatives and analysis of the period over period changes in investment portfolio results and "investments - fixed maturity securities afs - evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss - evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs in an unrealized loss position" in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for impacts on the net unrealized gain (loss) on our fixed maturity securities afs.
selected country investments we have a market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our investment portfolio, which supports our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities, as well as our global portfolio diversification objectives, is exposed to risks posed by local political and economic conditions. the countries included in the following table have been the most affected by these risks. the table below presents a summary of selected country fixed maturity securities afs, at estimated fair value, on a "country of risk basis" (e.g. where the issuer primarily conducts business).
selected country fixed maturity securities afs at december 31, 2023
(2)the par value, amortized cost, net of acl and estimated fair value, net of purchased and written credit default swaps of these securities were $532 million, $459 million and $266 million, respectively, at december 31, 2023. the notional value and estimated fair value of the net purchased credit default swaps were $192 million and $3 million, respectively, at december 31, 2023.
table of contents we manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries through fundamental analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. we do not expect that our general account investments in these countries will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
investment portfolio results see "- overview" for a discussion of our investment portfolio and a summary of how we manage our investment portfolio. the following tables present a reconciliation of net investment income under gaap to adjusted net investment income and our yield table. the yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results.
unit-linked investment income               (1,183)                           1,298
fixed maturity securities (2), (3)                                  4.20                 %     $12,499                         3.76                 %     $11,098
equity securities                                                   3.61                            31                         3.96                            36
other limited partnership interests (4)                             3.10                           455                         5.92                           860
(1)we calculate annualized yields using adjusted net investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. adjusted net investment income excludes realized gains (losses) from sales and disposals and includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. asset carrying values utilized in the calculation of yields exclude unrecognized unrealized gains (losses), mortgage loans originated for third parties, collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims, freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties and contractholder-directed equity securities. invested assets reclassified to held-for-sale and ceded policy loans are included in the calculation of yields, but are otherwise excluded from asset carrying values. a yield is not presented for other invested assets, as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class.
(2)fixed maturity securities in the yield table includes fvo securities; accordingly, investment income (loss) from fixed maturity securities includes amounts from fvo securities of $188 million and ($127) million for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and fvo securities asset carrying values are included in the calculation of average quarterly fixed maturity securities asset carrying values in the yield calculation.
(3)investment income from fixed maturity securities and net mortgage loans includes prepayment fees and excludes investment income from mortgage loans originated for third parties, respectively. see "- net mortgage loans."
we purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. however, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of provision for credit loss and impairments on our investment portfolio, as well as realized gains and losses on investments sold.
see "- results of operations - consolidated results" for an analysis of the year-over-year changes in realized gains (losses) on investments sold, provision (release) for credit loss and impairments and non-investment portfolio gains (losses).
fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities the following table presents public and private fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities held at:
securities by type                               estimated fair                    % of                   estimated fair                    % of value                   total                            value                   total
fixed maturity securities afs publicly-traded                                 $209,616                       74.5   %                  $211,579                       76.4   %
total fixed maturity securities afs             $281,412                      100.0   %                  $276,780                      100.0   %
equity securities publicly-traded                                     $506                       66.8   %                    $1,423                       84.5   %
total equity securities                             $757                      100.0   %                    $1,684                      100.0   %
see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities, continuous gross unrealized losses and equity securities by security type and the related cost, net unrealized gains (losses) and estimated fair value of these securities; as well as realized gains (losses) on sales and disposals and unrealized net gains (losses) recognized in earnings.
included within fixed maturity securities afs are structured securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"), asset-backed securities and collateralized loan obligations (collectively, "abs & clo") and commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") (collectively, "structured products"). see "- structured products" for further information.
table of contents valuation of securities. we are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. we determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. we determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services' use of available observable market data). for publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. when a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. as shown in the following section, less than 1% of our fixed maturity securities afs were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at december 31, 2023.
senior management, independent of the trading and investing functions, is responsible for the oversight of control systems and valuation policies for securities, mortgage loans, real estate and derivatives. on a quarterly basis, new transaction types and markets are reviewed and approved to ensure that observable market prices and market-based parameters are used for valuation, wherever possible, and for determining that valuation adjustments, when applied, are based upon established policies and are applied consistently over time. senior management oversees the selection of independent third-party pricing providers and the controls and procedures to evaluate third-party pricing.
we review our valuation methodologies on an ongoing basis and revise those methodologies when necessary based on changing market conditions. assurance is gained on the overall reasonableness and consistent application of input assumptions, valuation methodologies and compliance with fair value accounting guidance through controls designed to ensure valuations represent an exit price. several controls are utilized, including certain monthly controls, which include, but are not limited to, analysis of portfolio returns to corresponding benchmark returns, comparing a sample of executed prices of securities sold to the fair value estimates, comparing fair value estimates to management's knowledge of the current market, reviewing the bid/ask spreads to assess activity, comparing prices from multiple independent pricing services and ongoing due diligence to confirm that independent pricing services use market-based parameters. the process includes a determination of the observability of inputs used in estimated fair values received from independent pricing services or brokers by assessing whether these inputs can be corroborated by observable market data. we ensure that prices received from independent brokers, also referred to herein as "consensus pricing," are representative of estimated fair value by considering such pricing relative to our knowledge of the current market dynamics and current pricing for similar investments.
on a quarterly basis, we also apply a formal process to challenge any prices received from independent pricing services that are not considered representative of estimated fair value. if prices received from independent pricing services are not considered reflective of market activity or representative of estimated fair value, independent non-binding broker quotations are obtained, or an internally developed valuation is prepared. internally developed valuations of current estimated fair value, compared with pricing received from the independent pricing services, did not produce material differences in the estimated fair values for the majority of the portfolio; accordingly, overrides were not material. this is, in part, because internal estimates are generally based on available market evidence and estimates used by other market participants. in the absence of such market-based evidence, management's best estimate is used.
we have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for valuation approaches and key inputs by major category of assets or liabilities that are classified within level 2 and level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
table of contents fair value of fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources were as follows:
level                                                                                               fixed maturity                                            equity securities afs                                        securities
see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities fair value hierarchy; a rollforward of the fair value measurements for securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of level 3; and further information about the valuation approaches and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above.
the majority of the level 3 fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities were concentrated in three sectors at december 31, 2023: foreign corporate securities, u.s. corporate securities and abs & clo. during the year ended december 31, 2023, level 3 fixed maturity securities afs increased by $4.2 billion, or 14.5%. the increase was driven by purchases in excess of sales and an increase in estimated fair value recognized in oci, partially offset by transfers out of level 3 in excess of transfers into level 3.
fixed maturity securities afs credit quality - ratings the securities valuation office of the naic evaluates the fixed maturity securities of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes. the naic assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories defined as "naic designations." in general, securities with naic designations of 1 and 2 are considered investment grade and securities with naic designations of 3 through 6 are considered below investment grade. if no naic designation is available, then, as permitted by the naic, an internally developed designation is used.
naic designations for non-agency rmbs and cmbs are based on a modeling methodology that estimates security level expected losses under a variety of economic scenarios. the modeling methodology for non-agency rmbs and cmbs issued prior to january 1, 2013 incorporates the amortized cost of the security (including any purchase discounts and prior impairments) and the likelihood of recovery of the amortized cost; while for non-agency rmbs and cmbs issued after january 1, 2013, the modeling methodology does not incorporate the amortized cost of the security. the naic's objective with the modeling methodology is to increase accuracy in estimating expected losses and recovery value, and to use this credit quality assessment to determine an appropriate rbc charge for non-agency rmbs and cmbs. we utilize these naic designations for our non-agency rmbs and cmbs in our disclosures below. the naic evaluates non-agency rmbs and cmbs held by insurers on an annual basis. when we acquire non-agency rmbs and cmbs that have not been previously evaluated by the naic, an internally developed designation is used until a naic designation becomes available.
table of contents in addition to the six naic designations, the naic maintains 20 "naic designation categories" which is an additional, more granular credit quality categorization. these naic designation categories correspond more closely to the nrsro's alpha-numeric credit quality ratings. the naic maintains unique rbc factors for each of the 20 naic designation categories. the naic's goal is to better align rbc charges on securities with the instruments' actual credit risk.
rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the naic credit rating provider list, including moody's investors service ("moody's"), s&p, fitch ratings ("fitch"), dbrs morningstar, a.m. best company ("a.m. best"), kroll bond rating agency and egan jones ratings company. if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
naic designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the nrsros, except for (i) non-agency rmbs and cmbs as described above, and (ii) securities rated ca or c by nrsros, included within caa and lower in our disclosures below, that are designated naic 6; accordingly, naic designations may not correspond to nrsro ratings.
the following table presents total fixed maturity securities afs by nrsro rating, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are presented using naic designations for modeled securities. in addition, in the following table, the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations is provided.
total fixed maturity securities afs                                             $300,371                      $(18,959)                      $281,412                     100.0            %                 $305,842                      $(29,062)                      $276,780                     100.0            %
table of contents the following tables present total fixed maturity securities afs, at estimated fair value, by sector and by nrsro rating, except for non-agency rmbs and cmbs, which are presented using naic designations for modeled securities. in addition, in the following table, the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of the nrsro ratings to naic designations is provided.
fixed maturity securities afs - by sector &amp; credit quality rating nrsro rating                                      aaa/aa/a                          baa                          ba                           b                    caa and                    in or near                           total lower                       default                       estimated fair value naic designation
total fixed maturity securities afs          $194,722                      $73,680                      $10,299                      $2,371                      $258                          $82                        $281,412
total fixed maturity securities afs          $190,021                      $73,194                      $10,511                      $2,571                      $401                          $82                        $276,780
table of contents u.s. and foreign corporate fixed maturity securities afs we maintain a broadly diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities afs across many industries and issuers. this portfolio did not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1% of total investments at either december 31, 2023 or 2022. the top 10 holdings comprised 1% of total investments at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. the table below presents our u.s. and foreign corporate securities portfolios by industry at:
utility                                                 24,058                      17.7                        23,215                      17.5
industrial (basic, capital goods and other)             14,240                      10.5                        14,276                      10.8
structured products our investments in structured products are collateralized by residential mortgages, commercial mortgages, bank loans and other assets. our investment selection criteria and monitoring include review of credit ratings, characteristics of the assets underlying the securities, borrower characteristics and the level of credit enhancement. we held $56.3 billion and $53.0 billion of structured products, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as presented in the rmbs, abs & clo and cmbs sections below.
rmbs our rmbs portfolio is broadly diversified by security type and risk profile.
on a security type basis, rmbs includes collateralized mortgage obligations and pass-through mortgage-backed securities. collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgage loans into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage loan or collection of mortgage loans. the monthly mortgage loan payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities.
on a risk profile basis, rmbs includes agency and non-agency securities. agency rmbs were guaranteed or otherwise supported by the federal national mortgage association, federal home loan mortgage corporation or government national mortgage association. non-agency securities include prime, prime investor, non-qualified residential mortgage ("nqm"), alternative ("alt-a"), reperforming and sub-prime mortgage-backed securities. prime (owner-occupied) and prime investor (non owner-occupied) loans were originated to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. nqm and alt-a are classifications of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles, while reperforming loans were previously delinquent that returned to performing status.
table of contents the following table presents our rmbs portfolio by security type, risk profile and ratings profile at:
security type collateralized mortgage obligations               $16,704                      57.4   %            $(1,268)                        $15,275                      58.4   %            $(1,917)
pass-through mortgage-backed securities            12,392                      42.6                (1,114)                          10,890                      41.6                (1,414)
(1)other non-agency rmbs are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities collateralized by the following mortgage loan types: single family rental, early buyout securitization and small business commercial.
the majority of our rmbs holdings were rated aaa and were designated naic 1 at both december 31, 2023 and 2022.
we manage our exposure to reperforming and sub-prime rmbs holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. our reperforming rmbs are generally newer vintage securities and higher quality at purchase and the vast majority are investment grade under naic designations (e.g., naic 1 and naic 2). our sub-prime rmbs portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities, and the vast majority are investment grade under naic designations.
table of contents abs & clo our non-mortgage loan-backed structured securities are comprised of two broad categories of securitizations: abs & clo. these portfolios are broadly diversified by collateral type and issuer. the following table presents our abs & clo portfolios by collateral type and ratings profile at:
digital infrastructure                  1,376                       8.0                       (77)                       1,014                       6.0                      (112)
credit card                               904                       5.2                        (4)                       1,181                       7.0                       (17)
(1)other abs are broadly diversified across several subsectors and issuers, including securities with the following collateral types: foreign residential loans, transportation equipment and renewable energy.
(2)includes primarily securities collateralized by broadly syndicated bank loans.
table of contents cmbs our cmbs portfolio is comprised primarily of conduit, single asset and single borrower securities. conduit securities are collateralized by many commercial mortgage loans and are broadly diversified by property type, borrower and geography. the following tables present our cmbs portfolio by collateral type and ratings profile at:
collateral type conduit                                                                 $6,102                             61.3     %            $(643)                                                $6,781                             67.4     %            $(740)
evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of allowance for credit loss and credit loss on fixed maturity securities afs recognized in earnings see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities afs for credit loss, rollforward of the acl, net credit loss provision (release) and impairment (losses), as well as realized gross gains (losses) on sales and disposals of fixed maturity securities afs at december 31, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs we participate in securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs with unaffiliated financial institutions in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio.
securities lending transactions and repurchase agreements: we account for these arrangements as secured borrowings and record a liability in the amount of the cash received. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the securities are returned to us. through these arrangements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $13.8 billion and $15.2 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, including a portion that may require the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information about the secured borrowings accounting and the classification of revenues and expenses.
third-party custodian administered programs: the estimated fair value of securities we own which are loaned in connection with these programs was $362 million and $324 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the estimated fair value of the related non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf, which is not reflected in our consolidated financial statements and cannot be sold or re-pledged, was $371 million and $331 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
we diversify our mortgage loan investments by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. of our net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans carried at amortized cost, 86% are collateralized by properties located in the u.s., with the remaining 14% collateralized by properties located primarily in mexico, the u.k. and australia at december 31, 2023. the carrying values of our net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans collateralized by properties located in california, new york and texas were 15%, 9% and 6%, respectively, of total net commercial and agricultural mortgage loans at december 31, 2023. additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loan investments by generally lending up to 75% of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
we manage our residential mortgage loans carried at amortized cost in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 91% collateralized by properties located in the u.s., and the remaining 9% collateralized by properties located in chile, at december 31, 2023. the carrying values of our residential mortgage loans located in california, florida and new york were 32%, 10% and 8%, respectively, of total residential mortgage loans at december 31, 2023.
our commercial mortgage loan investments are well positioned with exposures concentrated in high quality underlying properties located in primary markets typically with institutional investors who are better positioned to manage their assets during periods of market volatility. our portfolio is comprised primarily of lower risk loans with higher debt-service coverage ratios ("dscr") and lower loan-to-value ("ltv") ratios, as shown below.
credit quality - monitoring process. we monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review by credit quality indicator and by the performance indicators of current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. see below for further information on net mortgage loans by credit quality indicator. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information by performance indicator.
table of contents we review our commercial mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis. these reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios, dscr and tenant creditworthiness. the monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher ltv ratios and lower dscr. the monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loan investments is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher ltv ratios. agricultural mortgage loan investments are reviewed on an ongoing basis which include, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, ltv ratios and borrower creditworthiness, including reviews on a geographic and property-type basis. we review our residential mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as nonperforming loans. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loan investments and related acl methodology.
ltv ratios and dscr are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loan investments. ltv ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loan investments. ltv ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. an ltv ratio greater than 100% indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. an ltv ratio of less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. generally, the higher the ltv ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. the dscr compares a property's net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. generally, the lower the dscr, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. for our net commercial mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 64% and 57% at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and our average dscr was 2.3x and 2.6x at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. the dscr and the values utilized in calculating the ratio are updated routinely. in addition, the ltv ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan investments. for our net agricultural mortgage loans, our average ltv ratio was 47% at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. the values utilized in calculating our agricultural mortgage loan investments ltv ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of our portfolio and are routinely updated.
the distribution of our net commercial mortgage loan portfolios totaling $52.1 billion at amortized cost at december 31, 2023 by key credit quality indicators of ltv and dscr was as follows:
the distribution of our net agricultural mortgage loan portfolios totaling $19.6 billion at amortized cost at december 31, 2023 by the key credit quality indicator of ltv was as follows:
table of contents mortgage loan allowance for credit loss. our acl is established for both pools of loans with similar risk characteristics and for mortgage loan investments with dissimilar risk characteristics, such as collateral dependent loans, individually and on a loan specific basis. we record an allowance for expected lifetime credit loss in earnings within net investment gains (losses) in an amount that represents the portion of the amortized cost basis of mortgage loan investments that the company does not expect to collect, resulting in mortgage loan investments being presented at the net amount expected to be collected.
in determining our acl, management (i) pools mortgage loans that share similar risk characteristics, (ii) considers expected lifetime credit loss over contractual terms of mortgage loans, as adjusted for expected prepayments and any extensions, and (iii) considers past events and current and forecasted economic conditions. actual credit loss realized could be different from the amount of the acl recorded. these evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the acl to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the acl. positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the acl. see notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on how the acl is established and monitored, and activity in and balances of the acl.
our real estate investments are typically stabilized properties that we intend to hold for the longer-term for portfolio diversification and long-term appreciation. our real estate investment portfolio had significantly appreciated to a $4.8 billion and $6.7 billion unrealized gain position at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
we continuously monitor and assess our real estate investments for impairment when facts and circumstances indicate that the real estate may be impaired. as a result of our impairment analyses on our real estate investments, we recorded impairment (loss) of $2 million during the year ended december 31, 2023; there was no impairment (loss) during the year ended december 31, 2022.
we diversify our real estate investments by property type, form of equity interest (wholly-owned, joint venture and funds) and geographic region to reduce risk of concentration. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a summary of our real estate investments, by income type, as well as income earned.
other limited partnership interests other limited partnership interests are comprised of investments in private funds, including private equity funds and hedge funds. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was $14.8 billion and $14.4 billion, which included $27 million and $414 million of hedge funds, respectively. other limited partnership interests were 3.2% of cash and invested assets at both december 31, 2023 and 2022. cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, operating income from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds.
we use the equity method of accounting for most of our private equity funds. we generally recognize our share of a private equity fund's earnings in net investment income on a three-month lag, which is when the information is reported to us. accordingly, changes in equity market levels, which can impact the underlying results of these private equity funds, are recognized in earnings within our net investment income on a three-month lag.
freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values              $8,737                        48.0     %                      $11,411                        56.9     %
annuities funding structured settlement claims                             1,256                         6.9                              1,238                         6.2
tax credit and renewable energy partnerships                               1,034                         5.7                              1,318                         6.6
funds withheld                                                               436                         2.4                                359                         1.8
(1)see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's pending disposition of metlife malaysia.
see notes 1, 11 and 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, annuities funding structured settlement claims, direct financing and leveraged leases, operating joint ventures, fhlbny common stock, and funds withheld.
investment commitments we enter into the following commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see note 24 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the amount of our unfunded investment commitments at december 31, 2023 and 2022. see "net investment income" and "net investment gains (losses)" in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, gains and losses from such investments and the liability for credit loss for unfunded mortgage loan commitments. see also "- fixed maturity securities afs and equity securities," "- net mortgage loans," "- real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- other limited partnership interests."
table of contents derivatives overview we are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives, such as market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives. see also "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures - hedging activities" for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program.
a portion of our derivatives are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. for those derivatives not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. we actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions.
certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits are accounted for as mrbs and measured at estimated fair value. we use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees.
we continuously review and refine our hedging strategy in light of changing economic and market conditions, evolving naic and the nydfs statutory requirements, and accounting rule changes. as a part of our current hedging strategy, we maintain portfolio level derivatives in our macro hedge program. these macro hedge program derivatives mitigate the potential deterioration in our capital positions from significant adverse economic conditions.
liquidity and capital resources overview this discussion should be read in conjunction with the following sections included elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the topics noted below:
◦note 3 (dispositions);
◦note 16 (long-term debt, commercial paper and other short-term debt, credit and committed facilities, and debt and facility covenants);
◦note 18 (junior subordinated debt securities and the related replacement capital covenant); and
◦"- capital risks";
◦"- investment risks - we may have difficulty selling holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner to realize their full value";
◦"- economic environment and capital markets risks - we may lose business due to a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings"; and
◦"- economic environment and capital markets risks - we may not meet our liquidity needs, access capital, or may face significantly increased cost of capital due to adverse capital and credit market conditions."
our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and the economy generally due to our market presence in numerous countries, large investment portfolio and the sensitivity of our insurance liabilities and derivatives to changing market factors. changing conditions in the global financial markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. for further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see "- industry trends" and "- investments - current environment."
liquidity management based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. we continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities.
short-term liquidity and liquid assets an integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, our short-term liquidity position was $19.2 billion and $16.4 billion, respectively, and liquid assets were $182.6 billion and $180.4 billion, respectively.
short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
liquid assets include short-term liquidity and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
capital management we have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. these committees, including the capital management committee and the erc, regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. the capital management committee is comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer ("cfo"), treasurer, and cro. the erc is also comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s cfo, cro and chief investment officer.
our board of directors and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. the capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. all capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the finance and risk committee of the board of directors prior to obtaining full board of directors approval. the board of directors approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required.
table of contents the company liquidity liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. we determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. we adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. to support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. we include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. in the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. these available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities.
under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. a downgrade in our credit or financial strength ratings could also negatively affect our liquidity. if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. in addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition.
all general account assets within a particular legal entity, other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose, are generally available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity.
capital we manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. see "- rating agencies" for information regarding such ratings. our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.
statutory capital and dividends our u.s. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements.
rbc requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the naic and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. rbc is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. the formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. the formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. these rules apply to most of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. state insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain rbc levels. as of the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those rbc levels.
as a delaware corporation, american life is subject to delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in delaware or any other u.s. state, it is exempt from rbc requirements under delaware law. american life's operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions.
the amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to metlife, inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings, which provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. see "business - regulation - state insurance regulation" and "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
table of contents affiliated reinsurance transactions certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. cede certain products to various affiliated u.s. captive reinsurers and affiliated non-u.s. reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements. the reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations.
our affiliated u.s. captive reinsurers are licensed under the special purpose financial captive law adopted by their states of domicile, including vermont and south carolina. the statutory reserves of the affiliated ceding companies are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. metlife, inc. has entered into various support agreements in connection with the activities of these u.s. captive reinsurers.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our reinsurance activities.
rating agencies rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to metlife, inc.'s u.s. life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to metlife, inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms and are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in metlife, inc.'s securities. insurer financial strength ratings are not statements of fact nor are they recommendations to purchase, hold or sell any security, contract or policy. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
rating agencies use an "outlook statement" of "positive," "stable," ''negative'' or "developing" to indicate a medium- or long-term trend in credit fundamentals which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. a rating may have a "stable" outlook to indicate that the rating is not expected to change; however, a "stable" rating does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time, without notice. certain rating agencies assign rating modifiers such as "creditwatch" or "under review" to indicate their opinion regarding the potential direction of a rating. these ratings modifiers are generally assigned in connection with certain events such as potential mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or material changes in a company's results, in order for the rating agency to perform its analysis to fully determine the rating implications of the event.
our insurer financial strength ratings at the date of this filing are indicated in the following table. outlook is stable unless otherwise indicated. additional information about financial strength ratings can be found on the websites of the respective rating agencies.
a.m. best                                                 fitch                                   moody's                                   s&amp;p ratings structure                               "a++ (superior)"                                           "aaa                             "aaa (highest                           "aaa (extremely to "s (suspended)"                               (exceptionally                           quality)" to "c                           strong)" to "sd strong)" to "c                           (lowest rated)"                                (selective
metropolitan life insurance company             a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
metropolitan tower life insurance company       a+                                                          aa-                                       aa3                                       aa-
nr = not rated table of contents credit ratings indicate the rating agency's opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. they are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. the level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. a downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries could adversely impact us.
summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows:
operating activities, net                                                                         $13,721                         $13,044
investing activities, net                                                                          10,246                           2,620
net change in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions                3,283                          10,730
derivatives with certain financing elements and other derivative related transaction, net              74                              61
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                        3,103                           3,326
cash flows from operations the principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. the principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense.
cash flows from investments the principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. the principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. in addition, cash inflows and outflows relate to sales and purchases of businesses. we typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our alm discipline to fund insurance liabilities. we closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process.
cash flows from financing the principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with pabs and lending of securities. the principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and the collateral financing arrangement, payments of dividends on and repurchases or redemptions of metlife, inc.'s securities, withdrawals associated with pabs and the return of securities on loan.
table of contents liquidity and capital sources liquidity and capital are provided by a variety of global funding sources, including: (i) preferred and common stock; (ii) short-term debt, which includes commercial paper; (iii) long-term debt; collateral financing arrangement; and junior subordinated debt securities; (iv) pabs, which includes funding agreements; (v) credit and committed facilities; (vi) shelf registration statement, which permits the issuance of public debt, equity and hybrid securities and provides for automatic effectiveness upon filing and has no stated issuance capacity; and (vii) dispositions. additional details regarding certain of our primary sources of liquidity and capital are included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
the diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. we have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under our credit and committed facilities. as commitments under these facilities may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements.
junior subordinated debt securities          $3,161                      $3,158
certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we believe we were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants at december 31, 2023.
table of contents liquidity and capital uses the primary uses of liquidity and capital include: (i) common stock repurchases; (ii) dividends on common and preferred stock; (iii) preferred stock redemptions; (iv) debt repayments; (v) debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges; (vi) contractual obligations, including pabs and insurance liabilities; (vii) pledged collateral; (viii) securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs; (ix) mortgage loan secured financing; and (x) acquisitions. additional details regarding certain of our primary uses of liquidity and capital are included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
common stock repurchases and dividends among other factors that could restrict metlife, inc.'s ability to repurchase or pay dividends on its common stock are the "dividend stopper" provisions in metlife, inc.'s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures.
"dividend stopper" provisions in metlife's preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures metlife, inc.'s preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures contain "dividend stopper" provisions under which metlife, inc. may not pay dividends on instruments junior to those instruments, including metlife, inc.'s common stock, nor repurchase its common stock, if payments have not been made on those instruments. the junior subordinated debentures further provide that metlife, inc. may, at its option and provided that certain conditions are met, elect to defer payment of interest.
debt repurchases, redemptions and exchanges we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, redemptions and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases, redemptions, or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not to repurchase or redeem any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases or redemptions will be determined at our discretion.
pledged collateral we pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by counterparties in connection with our derivatives, the collateral financing arrangement related to the reinsurance of closed block liabilities, and with funding and advance agreements. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding derivatives.
securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs see "- investments - securities lending transactions, repurchase agreements and third-party custodian administered programs."
contractual obligations policyholder account balances see notes 1 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the components of pabs, including obligations under funding agreements. see "- insurance liabilities" regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to fpbs and pabs.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $299.7 billion ($37.9 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amount of $219.3 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
table of contents the estimated cash flows represent cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. for obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates.
insurance liabilities insurance liabilities include fpbs, mrbs, at estimated fair value, other policy-related balances and policyholder dividends payable, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in notes 1, 4 and 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the sum of the estimated cash flows of $310.4 billion ($22.3 billion of which are estimated to occur in one year or less) exceeds the liability amounts of $219.7 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
the estimated cash flows reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. estimated cash payments are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity.
actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments.
for the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for fpbs and pabs are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. these cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under gaap.
liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. for annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. in the metlife holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were $2.0 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. in the ris segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. with regard to the ris business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, at december 31, 2023, there were funding agreements totaling $124 million that could be put back to the company.
liquidity and capital management liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on metlife, inc.'s liquidity. metlife, inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. these markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of metlife, inc.'s liquidity and capital management. decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. a disruption in the financial markets could limit metlife, inc.'s access to liquidity.
metlife, inc.'s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. we view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. see "- the company - rating agencies."
liquid assets at december 31, 2023 and 2022, metlife holding companies had $5.2 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, in liquid assets. of these amounts, $4.2 billion and $4.5 billion were held by metlife, inc. and $1.0 billion and $909 million were held by other metlife holding companies at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with derivatives and the collateral financing arrangement.
liquid assets held in non-u.s. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-u.s. insurance operations. such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1)                                                                            $4,786                                                                        $4,786                                                      $5,176                                                                        $5,176
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                450                                                                           450                                                           5                                                                             5
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                                       3,103                                                                             -                                                       3,326                                                                             -
net cash provided by operating activities, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                                    $4,183                                                                                                                                    $4,428
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                $2,748                                                                        $2,748                                                      $1,410                                                                        $1,410
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                  9                                                                             9                                                          87                                                                            87
dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                  2,032                                                                         2,032                                                       1,434                                                                         1,434
(1)dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. included $2.8 billion and $3.8 billion from operating subsidiaries and $2.0 billion and $1.4 billion from other metlife holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
(5)see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies.
the primary sources of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, issuances of long-term debt, issuances of common and preferred stock, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles.
the primary uses of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on and repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries.
in addition, metlife, inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to metlife, inc. accordingly, changes in metlife, inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans.
sources and uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies the primary sources of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. metlife, inc.'s non-u.s. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators.
the primary uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. and the following items, which are reported within other, net: business acquisitions; and operating expenses.
liquidity and capital sources metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital are provided by a variety of global funding sources, including: (i) dividends from subsidiaries; (ii) issuances of long-term debt; (iii) collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debentures; (iv) credit and committed facilities; and (v) dispositions. additional details regarding certain of metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital are included in "- the company - liquidity and capital sources," the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
dividends from subsidiaries metlife, inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. the dividend limitation for u.s. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with gaap. the significant differences relate to the treatment of dac, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes.
table of contents the table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by metlife, inc.'s primary u.s. insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the actual dividends paid:
company                                                        permitted without approval (1)                  paid (2)                  permitted without approval (1)            paid (2)                        permitted without approval (1)
metropolitan life insurance company                                       $3,476                            $2,471                                  $2,471                         $3,539                                     $3,539
metropolitan tower life insurance company                                   $373                              $189                                    $189                         $-                                           $163
(1)reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval. however, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during such year, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval.
in addition to the amounts presented in the table above, for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, metlife, inc. also received from certain other subsidiaries cash dividends of $233 million and $340 million, respectively, as well as cash returns of capital of $6 million and $8 million, respectively.
the dividend capacity of our non-u.s. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. the non-u.s. regulatory regimes also commonly limit dividend payments to the parent company to a portion of the subsidiary's prior year statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. the regulators of our non-u.s. operations, including the fsa, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the u.s. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-u.s. operations, or for other reasons. most of our non-u.s. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-u.s. holding companies. the capital and rating considerations applicable to our first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into metlife, inc.
we proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. the dividend capacity of certain u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market.
junior subordinated debt securities          $2,468                      $2,465
liquidity and capital uses metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital include: (i) debt service; (ii) cash dividends on common and preferred stock; (iii) capital contributions to subsidiaries; (iv) common stock, preferred stock and debt repurchases and/or redemptions; (v) payment of general operating expenses; (vi) support agreements; and (vii) acquisitions. additional details regarding certain of metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital are included in "- the company - liquidity and capital uses," the notes to the consolidated financial statements referenced in "- overview" and are discussed below.
based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable metlife, inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common stock and certain of its other securities, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios.
table of contents affiliated capital and debt transactions for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, excluding acquisitions, metlife, inc. invested a net amount of $531 million and $14 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries.
metlife, inc. lends funds, as necessary, through credit agreements or otherwise to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements or to provide liquidity. metlife, inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of $305 million and $95 million at december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
the following table summarizes metlife, inc.'s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity, excluding any premium or discount and unamortized issuance costs, at december 31, 2023:
year of maturity            principal                       interest rate
support agreements metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an "obligor") are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. under these arrangements, each obligor has agreed to cause the applicable entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. we anticipate that in the event these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet such demands.
table of contents non-gaap and other financial disclosures in this report, the company presents certain measures of its performance on a consolidated and segment basis that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures enhance the understanding for the company and our investors of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business. segment-specific financial measures are calculated using only the portion of consolidated results attributable to that specific segment.
the following non-gaap financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap:
(iv)                 free cash flow of all holding companies            (iv)                    metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by (used in) operating activities
reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable historical gaap financial measures are included in "- results of operations" and "- investments." reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures are not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable effort to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income.
our definitions of non-gaap and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies.
these measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings and components of, or other financial measures based on, adjusted earnings are also our gaap measures of segment performance. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results.
the adoption of ldti impacted the company's calculation of adjusted earnings. with the adoption of ldti, the measurement model was simplified for dac and voba, and most embedded derivatives were reclassified as mrbs. as a result, the company updated its calculation of adjusted earnings to remove certain adjustments related to the amortization of dac, voba and related intangibles and adjusted for changes in measurement of certain guarantees. under ldti, adjusted earnings excludes changes in fair value associated with mrbs, changes in discount rates on certain annuitization guarantees, losses at contract inception for certain single premium business, and asymmetrical accounting associated with in-force reinsurance. all periods presented herein reflect the updated calculation of adjusted earnings.
table of contents adjusted earnings is defined as adjusted revenues less adjusted expenses, net of income tax. adjusted loss is defined as negative adjusted earnings. adjusted earnings available to common shareholders is defined as adjusted earnings less preferred stock dividends. for additional information relating to adjusted earnings, see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
in addition, adjusted earnings available to common shareholders excludes the impact of preferred stock redemption premium, which is reported as a reduction to net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders.
return on equity, allocated equity and related measures:
•total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as total metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding the net unrealized investment gains (losses), future policy benefits discount rate remeasurement gains (losses), mrbs instrument-specific credit risk remeasurement gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of aoci, net of income tax.
•return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity: net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity.
•adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity.
•adjusted return on metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta: adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by metlife, inc.'s average common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta.
•allocated equity is the portion of metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity that management allocates to each of its segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. see "- risk management- economic capital." allocated equity excludes the impact of aoci other than fcta.
the above measures represent a level of equity consistent with the view that, in the ordinary course of business, we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses.
•expense ratio: other expenses, net of capitalization of dac, divided by premiums, fees and other revenues.
•direct expense ratio, excluding total notable items related to direct expenses and pension risk transfers: adjusted direct expenses excluding total notable items related to direct expenses, divided by adjusted premiums, fees and other revenues, excluding pension risk transfers.
the following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results and outlook:
•we sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. these sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under gaap, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. further, sales statistics for our latin america, asia and emea segments are on a constant currency basis.
•we refer to observable forward yield curves as of a particular date in connection with making our estimates for future results. the observable forward yield curves at a given time are based on implied future interest rates along a range of interest rate durations. this includes the 10-year u.s. treasury rate which we use as a benchmark rate to describe longer-term interest rates used in our estimates for future results.
•notable items reflect the unexpected impact of events that affect the company's results, but that were unknown and that the company could not anticipate when it devised its business plan. notable items also include certain items regardless of the extent anticipated in the business plan, to help investors have a better understanding of metlife's results and to evaluate and forecast those results. notable items represent a positive (negative) impact to adjusted earnings available to common shareholders.
•the company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. the company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at metlife's holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. this measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with gaap. the free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. (parent company only) to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 is provided below.
•for further detail relating to total adjusted revenues and total adjusted expenses, as set forth in "- results of operations - segment results and corporate & other," see total revenues and total expenses, respectively, within the tables in "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies                                                 years ended december 31,
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $4,183                              $4,428
adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                       (450)                                 (5)
add: returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                            6                                   8
add: dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                          2,748                               1,410
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                         (9)                                (87)
add: dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                         (2,032)                             (1,434)
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders:
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                                   $4,183                              $4,428
shareholders ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to                                                                        303     %                            87     %
(2)i) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2023 was negatively impacted by notable items related to litigation reserves and settlement costs of ($76) million, net of income tax, offset by actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of $14 million, net of income tax. excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2023 would be 65%.
ii) consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2022 was positively impacted by notable items related to actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments of $89 million, net of income tax. excluding these notable items from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2022 would be 82%.
risk management we have an integrated process for managing risk, that is supported by a risk appetite statement approved by the board of directors. risk management is overseen and conducted through multiple board and senior management risk committees (financial and non-financial). the risk committees are established at the enterprise, regional and local levels, as needed, to oversee capital and risk positions, approve alm strategies and limits, and establish certain corporate risk standards and policies. the risk committees are comprised of senior leaders from the lines of business and corporate functions which ensures comprehensive coverage and sharing of risk reporting. the erc is responsible for reviewing all material risks impacting the enterprise and deciding on actions, if necessary, in the event risks exceed desired tolerances, taking into consideration industry best practices and the current environment to resolve or mitigate those risks.
three lines of defense metlife operates under the "three lines of defense" model. under this model, the lines of business and corporate functions are the first and primary line of defense in identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting risks. global risk management forms the second line of defense providing strategic advisory services and effective challenge and oversight to the business and corporate functions in the first line of defense. internal audit serves as the third line of defense, providing independent assurance and testing over the risk and control environment and related processes and controls.
global risk management independent from the lines of business, the centralized global risk management department, led by the cro, coordinates across all risk committees to ensure that all material risks are properly identified, measured, monitored, managed and reported across the company. the cro reports to the chief executive officer ("ceo") and is primarily responsible for maintaining and communicating the company's enterprise risk policies and for monitoring and analyzing all material risks.
global risk management considers and monitors a full range of risks relating to the company's solvency, liquidity, earnings, business operations and reputation. global risk management's primary responsibilities consist of:
•developing policies and procedures for identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing and reporting those risks identified in the enterprise risk framework;
•measuring capital on an economic basis;
•mitigating compliance risk and establishing controls;
•integrating climate risk into metlife's risk management framework and developing impact assessment capabilities; and
•reporting to (i) the finance and risk committee of the board of directors; (ii) the compensation committee of the board of directors; and (iii) the financial and non-financial senior management committees on various aspects of risk.
table of contents key risk types metlife has defined each material risk to which it is exposed and has established individual frameworks to monitor, manage and report on the respective risk.
•market risk: is the risk of loss due to potential changes in the value of assets and liabilities arising from fluctuations in financial market, real estate, and other economic factors. market risk is comprised of interest rate risk, equity risk, foreign currency exchange rate risk, spread risk and inflation risk.
•credit risk: is the risk of loss or credit rating downgrade arising from an obligor or counterparty with a direct or contingent financial obligation to metlife that is either unable or unwilling to meet its obligation in full and on a timely basis. these risks arise from public fixed income assets, private loans including real estate, derivative transactions, bank deposits, reinsurance treaties and other similar contracts.
•insurance risk: is the risk of loss or adverse change in insurance liabilities from changes in the level, trend, and volatility of insurance and policyholder behavior experience varying from best estimate assumptions. these variances can be driven by catastrophic events such as pandemics or can be the result of misestimating base assumptions. insurance risks to metlife generally arise from mortality, morbidity, longevity, and policyholder behavior.
•non-financial risk: is the risk of failed or inadequate internal processes, human errors, system errors or external events that may result in financial loss, non-financial damage, and/or non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations. non-financial risk captures operational and compliance risks, including risks such as business interruption, customer protection, financial crime, privacy, fraud and theft, and information security risk.
•liquidity risk: refers to the risk that metlife is unable to raise cash necessary to meet current obligations.
economic capital economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital can be deployed. the economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business. our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. the model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the company is exposed. these consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. metlife's management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards. the adoption of ldti resulted in changes to the economic capital model. the changes related to this adoption do not represent a change in the composition of the segments and in accordance with gaap guidance for segment reporting, the company will apply the changes to the economic capital model prospectively and did not update the economic model for 2022 and 2021. for further information, see "financial measures and segment accounting policies" in note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
asset/liability management we actively manage our assets using an approach that is liability driven and balances quality, diversification, asset/liability matching, liquidity, concentration and investment return. the goals of the investment process are to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that the assets and liabilities are reasonably aligned on a cash flow and duration basis. the alm process is the shared responsibility of the alm, global risk management, and investments departments, with the engagement of senior members of the business segments and finance, and is governed by the alm committees. the alm committees' duties include reviewing and approving investment guidelines and limits, approving significant portfolio and alm strategies and providing oversight of the alm process. the directives of the alm committees are carried out and monitored through alm working groups which are set up to manage risk by geography, product or portfolio type. the alm steering committee oversees the activities of the underlying alm committees and working groups. the alm steering committee reports to the erc.
table of contents we establish portfolio guidelines that define ranges and limits related to asset allocation, interest rate risk, liquidity, concentration and other risks for each major business segment, legal entity or insurance product group. these guidelines support implementation of investment strategies used to adequately fund our liabilities within acceptable levels of risk. we also establish hedging programs and associated investment portfolios for different blocks of business. the alm working groups monitor these strategies and programs through regular review of portfolio metrics, such as effective duration, yield curve sensitivity, convexity, value at risk, market sensitivities (to interest rates, equity market levels, equity volatility, foreign currency exchange rates and inflation), stress scenario payoffs, liquidity, asset sector concentration and credit quality.
we manage credit risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. we also manage credit, market valuation and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation limits. these risk limits, approved annually by the investment risk committee, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. for real estate assets, we manage credit and market risk through asset allocation limits and by diversifying by geography, property and product type.
information security risk management for details on information security risk management see "cybersecurity."