item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of nucor corporation should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the company and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this report discusses our financial condition and results of operations as of and for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022. information concerning the year ended december 31, 2022 and a comparison of the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 may be found under "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 28, 2023.
overview the u.s. economy grew at a faster rate in 2023 - 2.5 percent - compared to 1.9 percent the prior year. steel market demand in 2023 remained strong across many of the end markets we serve, particularly nonresidential construction. operating rates at our steel mills for the full year 2023 increased slightly to 78% as compared to 77% for the full year 2022.
legislation passed by congress is providing more than $1.5 trillion to rebuild traditional infrastructure, build-out clean energy infrastructure and re-shore semiconductor chip manufacturing back to the united states. these steel-intensive projects are expected to create an estimated 5 to 8 million tons of additional annual steel demand in the coming years. funding from the infrastructure investment & jobs act (iija) is starting to impact the steel market and that impact is expected to last several years. the chips act has already generated announcements for dozens of new semiconductor ecosystem projects in the u.s. representing more than $200 billion in private investments. strong buy america requirements in the iija and the inflation reduction act will promote domestically produced steel being used to rebuild u.s. infrastructure and build-out new clean energy infrastructure. more than half of nucor products are shipped into the construction market, and nucor's lower carbon footprint is expected to provide an additional advantage as states and localities look to rebuild infrastructure in a sustainable manner.
our challenges and risks global steel production overcapacity continues to be an ongoing risk to nucor and the entire steel industry, with the oecd estimating that global steel production overcapacity would grow from approximately 550 million metric tons in 2022 to more than 600 million tons in 2023. however, additional capacity continues to come online and china's steel production, the largest steel producing country, is still near record levels. in 2023, china's steel production was more than 1 billion tons for the fourth consecutive year. circumvention of trade duties also continues to pose a risk, as countries route products through third-party countries to evade duties. increasingly, china is seeking to evade trade duties by building new steelmaking capacity in other countries with a focus on neighboring countries in southeast asia, as well as africa.
an uncertainty we continue to face in our business is the price of our principal raw material, ferrous scrap, which is volatile and often increases or decreases rapidly in response to changes in domestic demand, unanticipated events that affect the flow of scrap into scrap yards, the availability of scrap substitutes, currency fluctuations and changes in foreign demand for scrap. in periods of rapidly increasing raw material prices in the industry, which are often also associated with periods of stronger or rapidly improving steel market conditions, being able to increase our prices for the products we sell quickly enough to offset increases in the prices we pay for ferrous scrap is challenging but critical to maintaining our profitability. we attempt to mitigate the scrap price risk by managing scrap inventory levels at the steel mills to match the anticipated demand over the next several weeks. certain scrap substitutes, including pig iron, have longer lead times for delivery than scrap, which can make this inventory management strategy difficult to achieve. continued successful implementation of our raw material strategy, including key investments in dri production, coupled with the scrap brokerage and processing services performed by our team at djj, give us greater control over our metallic inputs and thus also helps us to mitigate this risk. see "item 1a. risk factors- industry specific risk factors" for further discussion of raw material risks.
during periods of stronger or rapidly improving steel market conditions, we are more likely to be able to pass through to our customers, relatively quickly, the increased costs of ferrous scrap and scrap substitutes, protecting our gross margins from significant erosion. during periods of weaker or rapidly deteriorating steel market conditions, weak steel demand, low industry utilization rates and the impact of imports create an even more intensified competitive environment and increased pricing pressure. all of those factors, to some degree, impact pricing, which increases the likelihood that nucor will experience lower gross margins.
although the majority of our steel sales are to spot market customers in north america who place their orders each month based on their business needs and our pricing competitiveness compared to both domestic and global producers and trading companies, we also sell contract tons, most notably in our sheet operations. approximately 80% of our sheet sales were to contract customers in 2023 (approximately 85% in 2022), with the balance being sold in the spot market at the prevailing prices at the time of sale. steel contract sales outside of our sheet operations are not significant. the amount of tons sold to contract customers at any given time depends on the overall market conditions at the time, how the end-use customers see the market moving forward and the strategy that nucor management believes is appropriate to the upcoming period.
nucor management considerations include maintaining an appropriate balance of spot and contract tons based on market projections and appropriately supporting our diversified customer base. the percentage of tons that is placed under contract also depends on the overall market dynamics and customer negotiations. in years of strengthening demand, we typically see an increase in the percentage of sheet sales sold under contract as our customers have an expectation that transaction prices will rapidly rise, and available capacity will quickly be sold out. to mitigate this risk, customers prefer to enter into contracts in order to obtain committed volumes of supply from the mills. the vast majority of our contracts include a method of adjusting prices on a periodic basis to reflect changes in the market pricing for steel and/or scrap. market indices for steel generally trend with scrap pricing changes, but, during periods of steel market weakness, the more intensified competitive steel market environment can cause the sales price indices to decrease resulting in reduced gross margins and profitability. furthermore, since the selling price adjustments are not immediate, there will always be a timing difference between changes in the prices we pay for raw materials and the adjustments we make to our contract selling prices. contract sales typically have terms ranging from six to 12 months.
our strengths and opportunities we are north america's most diversified steel producer. as a result, our short-term performance is not tied to any one market. we have numerous, large, strategic capital projects at various stages of progress that we believe will help us further diversify our product offerings and expand the markets that we serve. we expect these investments to grow our long-term earnings power by increasing our channels to market, expanding our product portfolio into higher value-added offerings, improving our cost structure and further building upon our market leadership positions.
we believe that nucor's raw material supply chain is another important strength. our investment in dri production facilities and scrap brokerage and processing businesses provides nucor with significant flexibility in optimizing our raw materials costs. additionally, having a portion of our raw materials supply under our control reduces risk associated with the global sourcing of raw materials.
our highly variable, low-cost structure, combined with our financial strength and liquidity, have allowed us to successfully navigate cyclical steel industry market conditions in the past. in such times, our incentive-based pay system reduces our payroll costs, both hourly and salary, which helps to offset lower selling prices. our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production also allows us to keep our highly experienced workforce intact and to continue operating our facilities when some of our competitors with greater fixed costs are forced to shut down some of their facilities. because we use eafs to produce our steel, we can easily vary our production levels to match short-term changes in demand.
evaluating our operating performance we report our results of operations in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. most of the steel we produce in our mills is sold to outside customers (80% in 2023 and 78% in 2022), but a significant percentage is used internally by many of the facilities in our steel products segment (20% in 2023 and 22% in 2022).
we begin measuring our performance by comparing our net sales, both in total and by individual segment, during a reporting period with our net sales in the corresponding period in the prior year. in doing so, we focus on changes in and the reasons for such changes in the two key variables that have the greatest influence on our net sales: average sales price per ton during the period and total tons shipped to outside customers.
we also focus on both dollar and percentage changes in gross margins, which are key drivers of our profitability, and the reasons for such changes. there are many factors from period to period that can affect our gross margins. one consistent area of focus for us is changes in "metal margins," which is the difference between the selling price of steel and the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes. increases or decreases in the cost of scrap and scrap substitutes that are not offset by changes in the selling price of steel can quickly compress or expand our margins and reduce or increase our profitability.
changes in marketing, administrative and other expenses, particularly profit sharing and other variable incentive-based payment costs, can have a material effect on our results of operations for a reporting period as well. these costs vary significantly from period to period as they are based upon changes in our pre-tax earnings and other profitability metrics that are a reflection of our pay-for-performance system that is closely tied to our levels of production.
evaluating our financial condition we evaluate our financial condition each reporting period by focusing primarily on the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash provided by operating activities, our current ratio, the turnover rate of our accounts receivable and inventories, the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash used in or provided by investing activities (including projected capital expenditures) and financing activities and our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments position at period end. we believe that our conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. as a result, we believe our financial position remains strong.
results of operations nucor reported consolidated net earnings of $4.52 billion, or $18.00 per diluted share, in 2023, which decreased compared to $7.61 billion, or $28.79 per diluted share, in 2022, the latter of which was the most profitable year in the company's history. though decreased from the prior year, 2023 represented the third most profitable year in nucor's history.
the primary driver for the decrease in earnings in 2023 as compared to 2022 was the decreased profitability of the steel mills segment. metal margin in the steel mills segment decreased significantly in 2023 as compared to 2022, as decreases in average selling prices outpaced decreases in scrap and substitute costs. all product groups within the steel mills segment had lower metal margin in 2023 as compared to 2022, with the largest decrease at our sheet mills.
earnings of the steel products segment decreased in 2023 following a record-setting year for profitability in 2022. average selling prices and volumes both decreased for the steel products segment in 2023 as compared to 2022. the primary driver for the decreased earnings of the steel products segment in 2023 was the reduced profitability of the joist and deck businesses, both of which had very strong earnings in 2022. partially offsetting these decreases were increases in profitability at the segment's rebar fabrication, garage doors, insulated metal panels and tubular products businesses in 2023 as compared to 2022. the company's rebar fabrication business set a new record for profitability in 2023.
earnings in the raw materials segment decreased in 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily due to decreased earnings at our dri facilities and scrap processing operations. included in the earnings of the raw materials segment in 2022 was the $96.0 million write-off of our leasehold interest in unproved oil and gas properties after the company's management determined that it was unlikely to develop the leasehold interests in the future.
the following discussion will provide greater quantitative and qualitative analysis of nucor's performance in 2023 as compared to 2022.
net sales net sales to external customers by segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in thousands):
2023                           2022                       % change steel mills                                        $20,092,662                      $24,189,858           -17   %
total net sales to external customers              $34,713,501                      $41,512,467           -16   %
net sales for 2023 decreased 16% from the prior year. average sales price per ton decreased 15% from $1,626 in 2022 to $1,377 in 2023. total tons shipped to outside customers decreased 1% from 25,524,000 tons in 2022 to 25,205,000 tons in 2023.
in the steel mills segment, sales tons for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows (in thousands):
2023                     2022                 % change outside steel shipments             18,552                     18,200   2             %
net sales for the steel mills segment decreased 17% in 2023 compared to the prior year due to an 18% decrease in the average sales price per ton, from $1,324 in 2022 to $1,084 in 2023, partially offset by a 2% increase in tons sold to outside customers. average selling prices for our sheet, bar, structural, and plate mills decreased in 2023 as compared to 2022.
outside sales tonnage for the steel products segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows (in thousands):
2023                    2022                % change joist sales                              510                       671           -24   %
net sales for the steel products segment decreased 15% in 2023 from the prior year due to a 5% decrease in the average sales price per ton, from $3,003 in 2022 to $2,845 in 2023, as well as an 11% decrease in volumes.
net sales for the raw materials segment decreased 18% in 2023 from the prior year, primarily due to decreased volumes and average sales prices at djj's brokerage and scrap processing operations. in 2023, approximately 92% of outside sales for the raw materials segment were from the brokerage operations of djj, and approximately 4% of outside sales were from the scrap processing operations of djj (91% and 3%, respectively, in 2022).
•the primary driver for the decrease in gross margins in 2023 as compared to 2022 was the decrease in metal margins in the steel mills, primarily due to lower metal margins per ton and decreases in average selling prices outpacing decreases in scrap costs.
the average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used decreased 14% from $492 in 2022 to $421 in 2023. scrap prices are driven by the global supply and demand for scrap and other iron-based raw materials used to make steel. scrap prices are stable as we begin 2024.
•pre-operating and start-up costs of new facilities increased to approximately $400 million in 2023 as compared to approximately $247 million in 2022. pre-operating and start-up costs in 2023 primarily related to the plate mill built in kentucky, the sheet mill being built in west virginia, and the micro mill being built in north carolina. pre-operating and start-up costs in 2022 primarily related to the plate mill then being built in kentucky, the sheet mill expansion in kentucky, and the galvanizing line at our sheet mill in arkansas. nucor defines pre-operating and start-up costs, all of which are expensed, as the losses attributable to facilities or major projects that are either under construction or in the early stages of operation. once these facilities or projects have attained a utilization rate that is consistent with our similar operating facilities, they are no longer considered by nucor to be in start-up.
•gross margins in the steel products segment decreased in 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily due to moderating prices and margin compression at our joist and deck facilities.
•gross margins in the raw materials segment decreased significantly in 2023 as compared to 2022 due to the decreased profitability of our scrap brokerage and recycling operations.
marketing, administrative and other expenses a major component of marketing, administrative and other expenses is profit sharing and other incentive compensation costs. these costs, which are based upon and fluctuate with nucor's financial performance, decreased from 2022 to 2023 due to the decreased profitability of the company. in 2023, profit sharing costs consisted of $611.1 million, including the company's matching contribution, made to the company's profit sharing and retirement savings plan for qualified employees ($994.2 million in 2022). other employee bonus costs also fluctuate based on nucor's achievement of certain financial performance goals, including achieving record earnings, and comparisons of nucor's financial performance to peers in the steel industry and other companies. stock-based compensation included in marketing, administrative and other expenses decreased by 8% to $54.1 million in 2023 compared with $58.8 million in 2022 and includes expenses associated with vesting of stock awards granted in prior years.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates was $12.8 million in 2023 and $10.7 million in 2022. the increase in equity method investment earnings from 2022 to 2023 was primarily due to decreased losses at njsm. in october 2023, nucor purchased an additional 1% interest in njsm, bringing our investment in njsm to a 51% controlling interest. beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023, nucor has accounted for njsm on a consolidated basis.
losses and impairments of assets during 2022, nucor recorded a non-cash loss on assets of $96.0 million related to our leasehold interest in unproved oil and natural gas properties in the raw materials segment and an impairment charge of $5.8 million related to machinery and equipment in the steel products segment.
net interest expense (income) for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows (in thousands):
interest expense increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to higher average interest rates on debt and an increase in average debt outstanding. interest income increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due to an increase in average interest rates on investments and higher average investments.
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests the following table presents earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests by segment for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands). the changes between periods were driven by the quantitative and qualitative factors previously discussed.
earnings before income taxes and noncontrolling interests               $6,272,757                      $10,244,844
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests represent the income attributable to the noncontrolling partners of nucor's joint ventures, nys, csi and njsm. nucor owns a 51% controlling interest in each of nys, csi and njsm. the decrease in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2023 as compared to 2022 was due to the decreased earnings of nys and csi. furthermore, the decrease in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests is due to the losses of njsm, for which results were consolidated beginning in the fourth quarter of 2023 following nucor's purchase of an additional 1% interest in njsm to bring the total investment to a 51% controlling interest.
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rate in 2023 was 21.68% compared with 21.13% in 2022. the 2023 effective tax rate includes an increased impact, when compared to 2022, related to federal tax credits and the change in relative proportions of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests to total pre-tax earnings between the periods. the 2022 effective tax rate included a net tax benefit of $76.4 million (-0.75%) for state tax credits, and a net tax benefit of $88.0 million (-0.86%) related to a change in the valuation allowance of a state deferred tax asset.
the internal revenue service ("irs") is currently examining nucor's 2015, 2019, and 2020 federal income tax returns. nucor has concluded u.s. federal income tax matters for tax years through 2014, and for the tax years 2016 and 2018. the tax years 2017, 2021, and 2022 remain open to examination by the irs. the 2015 through 2021 canadian income tax returns for harris and certain related affiliates are currently under examination by the canada revenue agency. the tax years 2016 through 2022 remain open to examination by other major taxing jurisdictions to which nucor is subject (primarily canada, trinidad & tobago, and other state and local jurisdictions).
net earnings and return on equity nucor reported net earnings of $4.52 billion, or $18.00 per diluted share, in 2023, compared to net earnings of $7.61 billion, or $28.79 per diluted share, in 2022. net earnings attributable to nucor stockholders as a percentage of net sales were 13.0% and 18.3% in 2023 and 2022, respectively. return on average stockholders' equity was 23.0% and 46.9% in 2023 and 2022, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources we believe our financial strength is a key strategic advantage, particularly during recessionary business cycles. we carry the highest credit ratings of any steel producer headquartered in north america, with an a- long-term rating from standard and poor's, a baa1 long-term rating from moody's and an a- long-term rating from fitch. our credit ratings are dependent, however, on many factors, both qualitative and quantitative, and are subject to change at any time. the disclosure of our credit ratings is made to enhance investors' understanding of our sources of liquidity and the impact of our credit ratings on our cost of funds.
nucor's cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and cash equivalents position remained strong at $7.13 billion as of december 31, 2023, compared with $4.94 billion as of december 31, 2022. approximately $1.05 billion and $1.04 billion of the cash and cash equivalents position as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was held by our majority-owned joint ventures. cash flows provided by operating activities provide us with a significant source of liquidity. when needed, we have external short-term financing sources available, including the issuance of commercial paper and borrowings under our bank credit facilities.
we also issue long-term debt securities from time-to-time. on march 11, 2022, nucor completed the issuance and sale of $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.125% notes due 2032 (the "2032
notes") and $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.850% notes due 2052 (the "2052 notes" and, together with the 2032 notes, the "2032/2052 notes"). the net proceeds from the issuance and sale of the 2032/2052 notes were used along with cash on hand to redeem all of the outstanding $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.125% notes due 2022 (the "2022 notes") and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.000% notes due 2023 (the "2023 notes") pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2022 notes and the 2023 notes.
on may 23, 2022, nucor completed the issuance and sale of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.950% notes due 2025 (the "2025 notes") and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.300% notes due 2027 (the "2027 notes").
we expect to continue to have adequate access to the capital markets at a reasonable cost of funds for liquidity purposes when needed.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources
short-term investments                                747,479                          576,946
working capital                                    11,791,349                       10,361,940
the current ratio, which is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities, was 3.6 at year-end 2023 compared with 3.4 at year-end 2022. the current ratio was impacted by higher cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2023.
in 2023, total accounts receivable turned approximately every five weeks and inventories turned approximately every 11 weeks. these ratios compare with accounts receivable turnover of approximately every five weeks and inventory turnover of approximately every 10 weeks for 2022.
funds provided by operations, cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, restricted cash and cash equivalents and new borrowings under existing credit facilities are expected to be adequate to meet future capital expenditures, current debt maturities and working capital requirements for existing operations for at least the next 24 months. we also believe we have adequate access to capital markets for liquidity purposes.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet arrangements or relationships with unconsolidated special purpose entities that we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity.
capital allocation strategy we believe that our conservative financial practices have served us well in the past and are serving us well today. nucor's financial strength allows for a consistent, balanced approach to capital allocation throughout the business cycle. nucor's highest capital allocation priority is to invest in our business for profitable growth over the long term. we have historically done this by investing to optimize our existing operations, initiate greenfield expansions and make acquisitions. our second priority is to return capital to our stockholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. we intend to return a minimum of 40% of our net earnings to our stockholders through dividends and share repurchases, while maintaining a debt-to-capital ratio that supports a strong investment grade credit rating. nucor returned approximately $2.07 billion in capital to its stockholders in the form of base dividends and share repurchases in 2023.
our cash flows for each period were as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                        $7,111,931                      $10,072,054
net cash used in investing activities                                                            (2,496,431     )                 (5,702,709   )
net cash used in financing activities                                                            (2,592,811     )                 (2,510,863   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                               2,883                           (5,920   )
operating activities for 2023 compared to 2022, the $3.0 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by a decrease in net earnings and changes in operating assets and liabilities. net earnings decreased $3.2 billion over the prior year, which included $101.8 million of non-cash losses and impairments of assets in 2022 (none in 2023). the changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in a net inflow of $858.4 million and $692.7 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the changes in working capital were primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable and increase in inventories from year-end 2022 to year-end 2023. accounts receivable at the end of 2023 decreased from the prior year-end resulting in a cash inflow of $663.8 million due to a decrease in the sales volumes and price per ton compared to the same prior year period. from year-end 2022 to year-end 2023, inventories increased resulting in an outflow of $75.0 million due to a 10% increase in inventory tons. this compares to inventories at year-end 2022 decreasing from year-end 2021 and resulting in a $962.4 million cash inflow. salaries, wages and related accruals decreased due to lower current year profit sharing accrual. the decrease in federal income taxes receivable is mainly a function of the timing of federal tax payments. accounts payable increased due to the increases in inventory mentioned previously.
investing activities our business is capital intensive; therefore, cash used in investing activities primarily represents capital expenditures for the construction of new facilities, the expansion and upgrading of existing facilities and the acquisition of other companies. the $3.2 billion decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to $70.8 million used in 2023 to fund acquisitions compared to $3.55 billion used to fund acquisitions in 2022, including, primarily the purchase of chi in june 2022 and the purchase of a 51% controlling ownership in csi in february 2022. cash used for capital expenditures increased by $266.3 million to $2.2 billion in 2023 as compared to $1.95 billion in 2022. the increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to the plate mill in kentucky, the sheet mill expansion in indiana and the sheet mill under construction in west virginia. capital expenditures for 2024 are estimated to be approximately $3.5 billion as compared to actual expenditures of approximately $2.2 billion in 2023. the projects that we anticipate will have the largest capital expenditures in 2024 are the sheet mill expansion in indiana, the sheet mill under construction in west virginia, the rebar micro mill under construction in north carolina and the construction of two manufacturing locations to expand nts.
financing activities the primary uses of cash were: (i) stock repurchases of $1.6 billion in 2023 as compared to $2.76 billion in 2022, a decrease of $1.2 billion; (ii) repayments of long-term debt of $10 million in 2023 as compared to $1.11 billion in 2022; and (iii) distributions to noncontrolling interests of $435.0 million in 2023 as compared to $332.3 million in 2022, an increase of $102.8 million. the primary source of cash offsetting these uses of cash was proceeds from long-term debt, net of discount to the public, of $2.09 billion in 2022 (none in 2023). in 2022, nucor issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2025 notes, $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 notes, $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2032 notes and $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2052 notes. on april 25, 2022, nucor redeemed all $500.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2023 notes. on august 15, 2022, nucor redeemed all $600.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2022 notes.
our $1.75 billion revolving credit facility is undrawn and has a maturity date of november 5, 2026. the revolving credit facility includes only one financial covenant, which is a limit of 60% on the ratio of funded debt to total capital. in addition, the undrawn revolving credit facility contains customary non-financial covenants, including a limit on nucor's ability to pledge the company's assets and a limit on consolidations, mergers and sales of assets. as of december 31, 2023, nucor's funded debt to total capital ratio was 24%, and nucor was in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility.
market risk nucor's largest exposure to market risk is in our steel mills and steel products segments. our utilization rates for the steel mills and steel products facilities for the fourth quarter of 2023 were 74% and 58%, respectively. a significant portion of our steel mills and steel products segments' sales are into the commercial, industrial and municipal construction markets. our largest single customer in 2023 represented approximately 5% of sales and consistently pays within terms. in the raw materials segment, we are exposed to price fluctuations related to the purchase of scrap steel, pig iron and iron ore. our exposure to market risk is mitigated by the fact that our steel mills use a significant portion of the products of this segment and the prices we receive for our steel and steel products tend to be correlated with the prices we pay for these materials.
nucor's tax-exempt industrial development revenue bonds ("idrbs") have variable interest rates that are typically adjusted weekly. these idrbs represented 20% of nucor's long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2023. the remaining 80% of nucor's long-term debt is at fixed rates. future changes in interest rates are not expected to significantly impact earnings. from time to time, nucor makes use of interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. as of december 31, 2023, there were no such contracts outstanding. nucor's investment practice is to invest in securities that are highly liquid with short maturities. as a result, we do not expect changes in interest rates to have a significant impact on the value of our investment securities recorded as short-term investments.
nucor also uses derivative financial instruments from time to time to partially manage its exposure to price risk related to purchases of natural gas used in the production process, as well as scrap, copper and aluminum purchased for resale to its customers. in addition, nucor uses forward foreign exchange contracts from time to time to hedge cash flows associated with certain assets and liabilities, firm commitments and anticipated transactions. nucor generally does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than hedging the cash flows associated with specific volumes of commodities that will be purchased, processed or sold in future periods or hedging the exposures related to changes in the fair value of outstanding fixed-rate debt instruments and foreign currency transactions. nucor recognizes all derivative instruments in the consolidated balance sheets at fair value.
the company is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through its operations in canada, europe and mexico. we periodically use derivative contracts to mitigate the risk of currency fluctuations.
dividends nucor has increased its base cash dividend every year since it began paying dividends in 1973. nucor paid aggregate dividends of $2.04 per share in 2023, compared with aggregate dividends of $2.00 per share in 2022. in december 2023, the board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on nucor's common stock to $0.54 per share. nucor returned approximately $2.06 billion in capital to its stockholders in the form of base dividends and share repurchases in 2023. in february 2024, the board of directors declared nucor's 204th consecutive quarterly cash dividend of $0.54 per share payable on may 10, 2024 to stockholders of record as of march 28, 2024.
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2023 for the periods presented (in thousands):
commitments (2)
utility purchase commitments (2)           1,188,652                     381,330                     371,063                   325,906                     110,353
other unconditional purchase               2,306,944                   1,701,792                     599,733                     3,453                       1,966
(1)interest is estimated using applicable rates at december 31, 2023 for nucor's outstanding fixed-rate and variable-rate debt.
(2)nucor enters into contracts for the purchase of scrap and scrap substitutes, iron ore, electricity, natural gas, and other raw materials and related services. these contracts include multi-year commitments and minimum annual purchase requirements and are valued at prices in effect on december 31, 2023, or according to the contract language. these contracts are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. we do not believe such commitments will adversely affect our liquidity position.
(3)purchase obligations include commitments for capital expenditures on operating machinery and equipment.
(4)other long-term obligations include amounts associated with nucor's early-retiree medical benefits, management compensation and guarantees.
note: in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, $188.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits have been recorded as liabilities, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled. related to these unrecognized tax benefits, we have also recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of $37.4 million at december 31, 2023.
outlook we expect earnings in the first quarter of 2024 to increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. profitability in the steel mills segment is expected to increase in the first quarter of 2024 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2023 due to higher average prices and volumes, particularly at our sheet mills.
we expect increased earnings in the raw materials segment in the first quarter of 2024, due to increased profitability at our dri facilities and scrap processing and brokerage operations.
capital deployment is expected to increase in 2024 with planned capital expenditures of approximately $3.5 billion, continued evaluation of acquisitions, and share repurchases expected to outpace 2023. as we have in the past, we intend to allocate capital to investments that advance our strategy to grow the core and expand beyond, with the goal of keeping nucor in a position of strength well into the future.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at year end and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the year. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the valuation allowances for receivables, the carrying value of non-current assets and reserves for environmental obligations and income taxes. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. accordingly, actual costs could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
inventories inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. the company records any amount required to reduce the carrying value of inventory to net realizable value as a charge to cost of products sold. scrap and scrap substitute costs are a very significant component of the raw material, semi-finished and finished product inventory balances. the vast majority of the company's inventory is recorded on the first-in, first-out method. production costs are applied to semi-finished and finished product inventory from the approximate period in which they are produced.
long-lived asset impairments we evaluate our property, plant and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment on an individual asset basis or at the lowest level asset grouping for which cash flows can be independently identified. asset impairments are assessed whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of those productive assets could exceed their projected undiscounted cash flows. in developing estimated values for assets that we currently use in our operations, we utilize judgments and assumptions of future undiscounted cash flows that the assets will produce. when it is determined that an impairment exists, the related assets are written down to estimated fair market value. management determined that no long-lived asset impairment testing was required in 2023 and 2022.
raw materials segment asset impairments in the second quarter of 2021, nucor decided that it would not develop a portion of its unproved oil and natural gas properties ("portion a") within the contractually specified time period related to portion a. as a result of this decision, the company forfeited its leasehold rights for portion a. the company recorded a charge of $42.0 million to write off the value of portion a that is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2021. the decision not to develop portion a was heavily influenced by the approaching deadline to commence development combined with portion a's expected near-term profitability not achieving management's desired returns relative to the cost of development. a significant portion of the company's remaining leasehold interest in unproved oil and natural gas properties are held by production. in the fourth quarter of 2022, the company's management determined that it was unlikely to develop the leasehold interest in unproved oil and gas properties. the carrying value of the remaining portions of unproved oil and natural gas properties of $96.0 million was written off and is included in losses and impairments of assets in the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended at december 31, 2022.
goodwill and intangibles goodwill is tested annually for impairment and whenever events or circumstances change that would make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred. we perform our annual impairment analysis as of the first day of the fourth quarter each year. the evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current estimated fair value of each reporting unit to the recorded value, including goodwill.
when appropriate, nucor performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. for certain reporting units, it is necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. in these instances, a discounted cash flow model is used to determine the current estimated fair value of these reporting units. significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of each reporting unit as part of our annual testing (and any required interim testing) include: (i) expected cash flow for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, raw materials and other costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the reporting unit; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its reporting units are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
our fourth quarter 2023 annual goodwill impairment analysis did not result in an impairment charge. management does not believe that future impairment of these reporting units is probable. however, the performance of certain businesses that comprise our reporting units requires continued improvement. an increase of approximately 50 basis points in the discount rate, a critical assumption in which a minor change can have a significant impact on the estimated fair value, would not result in an impairment charge. see note 8 to the company's consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the results of the company's 2023 annual goodwill impairment analysis.
nucor will continue to monitor operating results within all reporting units throughout 2024 in an effort to determine if events and circumstances require further interim impairment testing. otherwise, all reporting units will again be subject to the required annual qualitative and/or quantitative impairment test during our fourth quarter of 2024. changes in the judgments and estimates underlying our analysis of goodwill for possible impairment, including expected future operating cash flows and discount rate, could decrease the estimated fair value of our reporting units in the future and could result in an impairment of goodwill.
equity method investments investments in joint ventures in which nucor shares control over the financial and operating decisions but in which nucor is not the primary beneficiary are accounted for under the equity method. each of the company's equity method investments is subject to a review for impairment if, and when, circumstances indicate that a decline in value below its carrying amount may have occurred. examples of such circumstances include, but are not limited to, a significant deterioration in the earnings performance or business prospects of the investee; missed financial projections; a significant adverse change in the regulatory, tax, economic or technological environment of the investee; a significant adverse change in the general market condition of either the geographic area or the industry in which the investee operates; and recurring negative cash flows from operations. when management considers the decline to be other than temporary, the company would write down the related investment to its estimated fair market value. an other-than-temporary decline in carrying value is determined to have occurred when, in management's judgment, a decline in fair value below carrying value is of such length of time and/or severity that it is considered long-term.
in the event that an impairment review is necessary, we calculate the estimated fair value of our equity method investments using a probability-weighted multiple-scenario income approach. management's analysis includes three discounted cash flow scenarios (best case, base case and recessionary case), which contain forecasted near-term cash flows under each scenario. generally, (i) the best case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from slightly higher than recent operating performance to levels that are consistent with historical operating and financial performance; (ii) the base case scenario contains estimates of future results ranging from generally in line with recent operating performance to levels that are more conservative than historical operating and financial performance; and (iii) the recessionary case scenario contains estimates of future results which include limited growth resulting only from operational cost improvements and limited benefits of new higher-value product offerings. management determines the probability that each cash flow scenario will come to fruition based on the specific facts and circumstances of each of the preceding scenarios, with the base case typically receiving the majority of the weighting.
key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our equity method investments include: (i) expected cash flow for the five-year period following the testing date (including market share, sales volumes and prices, raw materials and other costs to produce and estimated capital needs); (ii) an estimated terminal value using a terminal year growth rate determined based on the growth prospects of the investment; (iii) a discount rate based on management's best estimate of the after-tax weighted-average cost of capital; and (iv) a probability-weighted scenario approach by which varying cash flows are assigned to certain scenarios based on the likelihood of occurrence. management considers historical and anticipated future results, general economic and market conditions, the impact of planned business and operational strategies and all available information at the time the fair values of its investments are estimated. those estimates and judgments may or may not ultimately prove appropriate.
nucor reviews its equity method investments for impairment if and when circumstances indicate that a decline in fair value below their carrying amounts may have occurred. there were no triggering events that caused management to pursue additional testing of our equity method investments in 2023.
income taxes we utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. under the liability method, deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse. a valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. potential accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within operations are recognized as a component of interest expense and other expenses.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements certain statements made in this report, or in other public filings, press releases, or other written or oral communications made by nucor, which are not historical facts are forward-looking statements subject to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which we expect will or may occur in the future and may impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "intend," "project," "may," "will," "should," "could" and similar expressions are intended to identify those forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements reflect the company's best judgment based on current information, and, although we base these statements on circumstances that we believe to be reasonable when made, there can be no assurance that future events will not affect the accuracy of such forward-looking information. as such, the forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results may vary materially from the projected results and expectations discussed in this report. factors that might cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: (1) competitive pressure on sales and pricing, including pressure from imports and substitute materials; (2) u.s. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports; (3) the sensitivity of the results of our operations to general market conditions, and in particular, prevailing market steel prices and changes in the supply and cost of raw materials, including pig iron, iron ore and scrap steel; (4) the availability and cost of electricity and natural gas which could negatively affect our cost of steel production or result in a delay or cancellation of existing or future drilling within our natural gas drilling programs; (5) critical equipment failures and business interruptions; (6) market demand for steel products, which, in the case of many of our products, is driven by the level of nonresidential construction activity in the united states; (7) impairment in the recorded value of inventory, equity investments, fixed assets, goodwill or other long-lived assets; (8) uncertainties and volatility surrounding the global economy, including excess world capacity for steel production, inflation and interest rate changes; (9) fluctuations in currency conversion rates; (10) significant changes in laws or government regulations affecting environmental compliance, including legislation and regulations that result in greater regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could increase our energy costs, capital expenditures and operating costs or cause one or more of our permits to be revoked or make it more difficult to obtain permit modifications; (11) the cyclical nature of the steel industry; (12) capital investments and their impact on our performance; (13) our safety performance; (14) our ability to integrate businesses we acquire; (15) the impact of the covid-19 pandemic, any variants of the virus, and any other similar pandemic or public health situation; and (16) the risks discussed in "item 1a. risk factors" of this report.
caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this report. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. in evaluating forward-looking statements, these risks and uncertainties should be considered, together with the other risks described from time to time in our reports and other filings with the sec.