item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations for future periods, business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "considering," "could," "driving," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will", "would", and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations, but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a herein.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is organized to present the following:
•a review of our critical accounting policies and estimates and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and material cash requirements and potential funding sources.
a discussion of our results of operations, and sources and uses of cash for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021 is included in part ii. item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, filed with the sec on february 23, 2023 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting policies and estimates are as follows:
ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 10%-15% projected residual value, using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30-35 years. the 30-35 year useful life and 10%-15% residual value is the weighted-average of all major components of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, environmental regulations, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. we employ a cost allocation methodology at the component level, in order to support the estimated weighted-average useful lives and residual values, as well as to determine the net cost basis of assets being replaced. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. however, we estimate the costs, useful lives and residual values of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives, as well as our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized within cruise operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.
we periodically review estimated useful lives and residual values for ongoing reasonableness, considering long term views on our intended use of each class of ships the planned level of improvements to maintain, enhance, and to comply with environmental regulations for vessels within those classes. in the event a factor is identified that may trigger a change in the estimated useful lives and residual values of our ships, a review of the estimate is completed.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss on disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2023 would have increased by approximately $100 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2023 would have increased by approximately $345 million. we have evaluated our estimated ship useful lives and projected residual values in light of our current environment and determined that there are no changes to these estimates. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our ships.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, and if necessary, a goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.
the goodwill impairment analysis consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. we typically estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a discounted cash flow model, which may also include a combination of a market-based valuation approach. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, and assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2023 impairment assessment consisted of:
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
the discounted cash flow model uses the most current projected operating results for the upcoming fiscal year as a base. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital.
if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, an impairment is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to such reporting unit. refer to note 4. goodwill to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on goodwill.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets can be performed using a qualitative or quantitative impairment assessment. the quantitative assessment consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying value. we estimate the fair value of these assets using a discounted cash flow model and various valuation methods depending on the nature of the intangible asset, such as the relief-from-royalty method, for trademarks and trade names. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model for our 2023 impairment assessment consisted of:
•weighted average cost of capital (i.e., discount rate).
if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying value, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. refer to note 5. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on indefinite-life and finite-life intangible assets.
we review our ships and other long-lived assets, including right-of-use assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on recent and projected cash flow performance and remaining useful lives, that the carrying value of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships. if estimated undiscounted future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value. refer to note 6. property and equipment to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on determination of fair value for long-lived assets.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available, we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
royal caribbean international reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2023, we performed a quantitative analysis as part of our annual impairment review of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. as of november 30, 2023, the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit was determined using a discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by more than 100% as of november 30, 2023, resulting in no impairment to royal caribbean international's goodwill.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed a qualitative assessment of the royal caribbean international reporting unit. based on our qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and thus, we did not proceed to the goodwill impairment test.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean reporting unit was $296.4 million.
silversea cruises reporting unit during the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, we performed a quantitative analysis as part of our annual impairment review of the silversea cruises reporting unit. as of november 30, 2023, and november 30, 2022, the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit was determined using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model in combination with a market-based valuation approach. as a result of the tests, we determined the fair value of the silversea cruises reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 63% and 26% as of november 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' goodwill. the carrying value of goodwill attributable to our silversea cruises reporting unit was $509 million as of december 31, 2023 and 2022.
during the fourth quarters of 2023 and 2022, we performed our annual impairment reviews of the silversea cruises trade name. as a result of the quantitative tests, we determined that the fair value of the silversea cruises' trade name exceeded its carrying value by approximately 62% and 25%, as of november 30, 2023 and november 30, 2022, respectively, resulting in no impairment to silversea cruises' trade name.
as of december 31, 2023 and 2022, the carrying value of indefinite-life intangible assets was $321 million, which primarily relates to the silversea cruises trade name.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. although some of our derivative financial instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
on a regular basis, we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we value floors which are embedded within our interest rate swaps using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available market data, such as forward interest rates and interest rate volatility. we apply present value techniques to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swaps, fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand has historically been strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have historically focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, casino operations, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance, pre- and post-cruise tours and fees for operating certain port facilities. onboard and other revenues also include revenues we receive from independent third party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as revenues received for procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
•commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel advisor commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees, as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any.
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are provided along with the related gaap financial measures as we believe they provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents ebitda (as defined below) excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our profitability on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) other expense, which includes the loss contingency in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation recorded in other expenses in 2022; (ii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iii) impairment and credit losses; (iv) restructuring charges and other initiative expense; (v) equity investment impairment and recovery of losses; (vi) pullmantur reorganization settlement; (vii) net insurance recoveries or costs related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas; and (viii) the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is a non-gaap measure that represents net income (loss) less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest, excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included (i) loss on extinguishment of debt; (ii) gain on sale of controlling interest; (iii) tax on the sale of portmiami noncontrolling interest; (iv)
silver whisper deferred tax liability release; (v) impairment and credit losses; (vi) the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the silversea cruises acquisition in 2018; (vii) restructuring charges and other initiative expenses; (viii) equity investments impairment and recovery of losses; (ix) loss contingency recorded in 2022 in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs; (x) convertible debt amortization of debt discount; (xi) the 2021 pullmantur reorganization settlement; (xii) net insurance recoveries related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas incident; (xiii) the net gain recognized in 2021 in relation to the sale of the azamara brand; and (xiv) the net loss recognized in 2021 related to the elimination of the three-month reporting lag for silversea cruises. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to adjusted net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. is provided below under results of operations.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period, which excludes canceled cruise days and cabins not available for sale. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
ebitda is a non-gaap measure that represents of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. excluding (i) interest income; (ii) interest expense, net of interest capitalized; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; and (iv) income tax benefit or expense. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. to ebitda is provided below under results of operations.
carbon intensity is our measurement of carbon dioxide emissions per gross tonne nautical mile (well-to-wake).
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are non-gaap measures that represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses, onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our cost performance. for the 2023 period presented, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel excludes (i) gain on sale of controlling interest; (ii) impairment and credit losses; and (iii) restructuring and other initiative expenses. a reconciliation of gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations.
invested capital represents the most recent five-quarter average of total debt (i.e., current portion of long-term debt plus long-term debt) plus the most recent five-quarter average of total shareholders' equity. we use this measure to calculate roic (as defined below).
adjusted operating income (loss) is a non-gaap measure that represents operating income (loss) including income (loss) from equity investments and income taxes but excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our operating performance on a comparative basis. we use this non-gaap measure to calculate roic (as defined below).
return on invested capital ("roic") represents adjusted operating income (loss) divided by invested capital. we believe roic is a meaningful measure because it quantifies how efficiently we generated operating income relative to the capital we have invested in the business. roic is also used as a key metric in our long-term incentive compensation program for our executive officers.
occupancy ("load factor"), in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days (as defined below) by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
the use of certain non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap measures, and as such, they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry.
we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap financial measures because preparation of meaningful u.s. gaap projections would require unreasonable effort. due to significant uncertainty, we are unable to predict, without unreasonable effort, the future movement of foreign exchange rates, fuel prices and interest rates inclusive of our related hedging programs. in addition, we are unable to determine the future impact of non-core business related gains and losses which may result from strategic initiatives. these items are uncertain and could be material to our results of operations in accordance with u.s gaap. due to this uncertainty, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful.
we took delivery of three new ships (silver nova, celebrity ascent and icon of the seas), expanded perfect day at cococay's capacity with the launch of hideaway beach, and successfully returned to normalized load factors of 105.6%, with peak summer sailings reaching load factors of 110%. we achieved strong financial performance, including ebitda of $4.5 billion in 2023, record adjusted ebitda per apcd and record roic. in addition, 2023 delivered record net yields and adjusted ebitda, and we made significant progress in repairing our balance sheet, repaying approximately $4.0 billion of debt.
our 2023 net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. was $1.7 billion, or $6.31 per diluted share, compared to net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $1.9 billion, or $8.95 per diluted share in 2019, the most recent year of normalized operations. adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. for 2023 was $1.8 billion, or $6.77 per diluted share, compared to adjusted net income attributable to royal caribbean cruises ltd. of $2.0 billion, or $9.54 per diluted share in 2019. 2023 adjusted ebitda was $4.5 billion, compared to adjusted ebitda of $3.6 billion in 2019.
total revenues in 2023 were $13.9 billion, exceeding the previous record of $11.0 billion in 2019 driven by strong ticket revenue and onboard revenue performance, inclusive of capacity growth. as a result of this, gross margin yields increased 13.2% as-reported, and net yields increased 13.5% in constant-currency, both compared to 2019. the strength in revenue and improved cash flow, combined with our margin expansion efforts allowed us to accelerate debt repayment, improving our debt maturity profile.
cruise operating expenses increased from $6.1 billion in 2019 to $7.8 billion in 2023. gross cruise costs per apcd increased 10.9% as-reported and 11.3% in constant currency, compared to 2019. net cruise costs, excluding fuel, per apcd increased 7.5% as-reported and 7.9% in constant currency, compared to 2019. our disciplined cost control helped mitigate the effects of inflation. for 2023, net cruise costs included $2.31 per apcd of structural costs which were not present in 2019, including increased costs associated with perfect day at cococay, our galveston terminal, and roll-out of starlink internet onboard our fleet.
in 2024, we expect our capacity to increase by 8.5% compared to 2023, with the addition of silver ray and utopia of the seas and a full year of operations for silver nova, celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas (which began revenue sailings in january 2024). utopia of the seas will be the first oasis class ship focused on short caribbean itineraries, and we also return to china for the first time since 2019 with spectrum of the seas. in addition, we will continue the construction of the first royal beach club at paradise island, bahamas, set to open in 2025. our new ships, optimized deployment, continued load factor growth and enhanced onboard offerings are expected to drive growth in net yields and total revenues. during 2024, we are expected to have 20 ships in drydock, due to our growing fleet combined with the timing of restarting our entire fleet, and we plan to continue investing in newbuilds and retrofitting our existing fleet with technology to help reach our long-term goals to reduce carbon intensity.
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2023 include:
•total revenues increased by $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by our full operations at higher occupancy, capacity, and ticket prices in 2023, compared to partial to full operations during the first half and second half of 2022, respectively, at lower occupancy and capacity rates.
•total cruise operating expenses increased by $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the increase reflects our operations in 2023 at higher capacity and occupancy, compared to the same period in 2022.
•in february 2023, we issued $700 million aggregate principal amount of 7.25% senior guaranteed notes due january 2030 ("7.25% priority guaranteed notes"). upon closing, we terminated our commitment for the $700 million 364-day term loan facility. in addition, the remaining $350 million backstop committed financing was also terminated upon closing,
•effective march 31, 2023, we closed on the previously announced partnership with icon. as part of the transaction, we sold 80% of portmiami for $209 million and retained a 20% minority interest. the partnership will own, develop, and manage cruise terminal facilities and infrastructure in key ports of call, initially including several development projects in italy, spain, and the u.s. virgin islands. refer to note 7. investments and other assets in our consolidated financial statements for further information on the transaction.
•in june 2023, our 4.25% convertible senior notes with an outstanding balance of $350 million were settled using a combination of $338 million in cash, and the issuance of approximately 374,000 shares of common stock. the issuance of equity increased additional paid in capital by an immaterial amount.
•in june 2023, we took delivery of silver nova, and in november 2023, we took delivery of celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas. refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the financing of the ships. silver nova, celebrity ascent, and icon of the seas entered service in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, and the first quarter of 2024, respectively.
•in november 2023, we settled $225 million of our 2.875% convertible senior notes. the notes were settled using a combination of $225 million in cash and the issuance of approximately 147,000 shares of common stock. the issuance of equity increased additional paid in capital by an immaterial amount.
•during the year ended december 31, 2023, we executed and amended various financing arrangements on our two unsecured revolving credit facilities. following these refinancings, our aggregate revolving credit commitments are $3.5 billion, with $1.7 billion scheduled to mature in october 2026, and $1.7 billion scheduled to mature in october 2028, and $97 million scheduled to mature in april 2025.
for further information regarding the debt transactions discussed above, refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on our 2023 financing activity.
silver whisper deferred tax liability release (3)                                                                   (26)                             -                             -
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                                                       8                             1                            82
amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the silversea cruises acquisition (5)               6                             6                             6
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                                                                    5                            12                             2
equity investment impairment and recovery of losses (6)                                                               12                             -                            31
litigation loss contingency (7)                                                                                        -                           130                             -
(1)    represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(3)    represents the release of the deferred tax liability subsequent to the execution of the bargain purchase option for the silver whisper. these amounts are included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(4)    represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized
(5)    represents the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition.
(6)    for 2023, represents equity method impairments of $13 million and recognition of deferred currency translation adjustment losses of $4 million. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) and other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), respectively. additionally, 2023, includes a $4 million recovery of losses from one of our equity method investees recognized during the second quarter of 2023. for 2021, amount represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amount is included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(7)    represents the 2022 loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of post-judgment interest and related legal fees and costs. this amount is included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(8)    represents the amortization of non-cash debt discount on our convertible notes. for further information regarding the adoption of asu 2020-06 as of january 1, 2022, which impacts the accounting of the non-cash debt discount on convertible notes, refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
oasis of the seas incident, grand bahama's drydock write-off and other incidental expenses (1)                                                                                   35
change in the fair value of contingent consideration and amortization of silversea cruises intangible assets related to silversea cruises acquisition (2)                        31
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                                                                                                                          14
transaction and integration costs related to the silversea cruises acquisition (2)                                                                                                2
(1)amount includes incidental costs, net of insurance recoveries of $14 million related to the collapse of the drydock structure at the grand bahama shipyard involving oasis of the seas, which were reported primarily within other operating expenses in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019; and $21 million regarding the grand bahama incident involving one of its drydocks, included in our equity investment income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(2)represents the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration and the amortization of the silversea cruises intangible assets resulting from the 2018 silversea cruises acquisition.
(3)represents restructuring charges incurred in relation to the reorganization of our international sales and marketing structure and other initiatives expenses.
(4)adjustment made to exclude the impact of the contractual accretion requirements associated with the put option held by silversea cruises group ltd.'s noncontrolling interest.
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                           (10.1)   %                  (15.4)   %                  (84.3)   %
equity investment income (loss)                                            1.4   %                     0.6   %                   (8.8)   %
(1)    due to the elimination of the silversea cruises three-month reporting lag in october of 2021, we include silversea cruises' metrics from october 1, 2020 through june 30, 2021 and october 1 through december 31, 2021 in the year ended december 31, 2021. the year ended december 31, 2021 does not include july, august, and september 2021 statistics as silversea cruises' results of operations for those months are included within other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2021. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the three-month reporting lag.
(2) for the year ended december, 31, 2021, we include azamara cruises' metrics through march 19, 2021, the effective sale date of the brand. refer to note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on the sale of the azamara cruises brand.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in millions):
interest expense, net of interest capitalized                                     1,402                         1,364                         1,292
income tax expense (benefit) (1)                                                      6                             4                          (47)
ebitda                                                                            4,524                           583                       (2,739)
impairment and credit losses (4)                                                      8                             1                            82
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense                                   5                            12                             2
equity investment impairment and recovery of losses (5)                               8                             -                            31
adjusted ebitda                                                                  $4,544                          $711                      $(2,602)
(1) these amounts are included in other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents net non-operating expense. for 2022, primarily represents our loss contingency recorded in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation inclusive of related legal fees and costs. for 2021 primarily relates to changes in the fair value of fuel swaps for which cash flow hedge accounting was discontinued. the amount excludes income tax expense (benefit), included in the ebitda calculation above.
(3) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(4) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized.
(5) for 2023, represents equity method impairments of $13 million recognized during the third quarter of 2023, and a $4 million recovery of losses from one of our equity method investees recognized during the second quarter of 2023. for 2021, amount represents equity investment asset impairment, primarily for our investments in tui cruises gmbh, as a result of the impact of covid-19. these amounts are included in equity investment income (loss) within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
impairment and credit losses (2)                                           8                               1                              82
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                    5                              12                               2
(1) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). for 2022 and 2021, amounts represents asset impairment and credit losses as a result of the impact of covid-19, net of the recovery of credit losses previously recognized.
(3) these amounts are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
impairment and credit losses (2)                                                                                        8                   -                                                                 -
restructuring charges and other initiatives expense (3)                                                                 5                   -                                                                14
integration costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (3)                                                          -                   -                                                                 1
transaction costs related to silversea cruises acquisition (3)                                                          -                   -                                                                 1
incidental costs related to the oasis of the seas incident included within other operating expenses                     -                   -                                                                15
(1) represents gain on sale of controlling interest in cruise terminal facilities in italy. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(2) represents asset impairments and credit loss recoveries for notes receivables for which credit losses were previously recorded. these amounts are included in other operating within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, for 2023 includes an $11 million impairment related to ceasing the use of certain real estate assets in our shoreside operations. this amount is included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
(3) these amounts are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
passenger ticket revenues comprised 68.8% of our 2023 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $3.8 billion, or 65.2% to $9.6 billion in 2023 from $5.8 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily driven by a 20.5% higher occupancy, 13.9% increase in capacity, and higher ticket prices in 2023, compared to the same period in 2022.
the remaining 31.2% of total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $1.3 billion, or 42.2% to $4.3 billion in 2023 from $3.0 billion in 2022. the increase was primarily due the increased occupancy and capacity noted above in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022.
the increase in revenues reflect our full operations in 2023 at higher occupancy, capacity, and prices, compared to a partial return to operations during the first half of 2022, full operations in the second half of 2022 at lower occupancy and capacity rates. occupancy in 2023 was 105.6% compared to 85.1% in 2022.
the increase in operating expenses noted above reflects full operations in 2023, including additional capacity and higher occupancy compared to the same period in 2022, offset by a decrease of $91 million in payroll and related due to additional costs incurred during our return to service in 2022, which did not recur in 2023.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses increased $209 million, or 13.2% to $1.8 billion in 2023 from $1.6 billion in 2022, driven by an increase in payroll and benefits expense primarily driven by an increase in headcount and higher stock price year over year related to our performance share awards.
equity investment income (loss) increased $143 million, or 250.9%, to $200 million in 2023 from $57 million in 2022. the increase in income was primarily due to an increase of income from tui cruises, one of our equity investments, in 2023 compared to 2022.
other expense was $8 million in 2023 compared to other expense of $119 million in 2022. the $111 million improvement is mainly driven by the loss contingency of $130 million recorded in 2022 in connection with the ongoing havana docks litigation, which did not recur in 2023.
other comprehensive loss in 2023 was $30 million compared to other comprehensive income of $67 million in 2022. the decrease of $97 million was primarily due a loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2023 of 27 million compared to a gain on cash flow derivative hedges of $8 million in 2022, and a decrease of $43 million in change in defined benefit plans in 2023 compared to 2022.
future application of accounting standards refer to note. 2 summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash net cash provided by operating activities increased by $4.0 billion to cash provided of $4.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash provided of $0.5 billion for the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily attributable to higher occupancy and bookings in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $0.9 billion to cash used of $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash used of $3.0 billion for the same period in 2022. the increase was primarily attributable to a increase in capital expenditures of $1.2 billion during 2023, compared to the same period in 2022 due to the increased cost associated with taking delivery of silver nova, celebrity ascent and icon of the seas in 2023, compared to the delivery of wonder of the seas, celebrity beyond, and silver endeavour during the same period in 2022. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in cash paid on settlement of derivative financial instruments of $270 million during 2022 compared to 2023.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was $(2) billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to cash provided of $1.7 billion for the same period in 2022. the change of $3.7 billion was primarily attributable to decrease of debt proceeds of $2.1 billion in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, and an increase in repayment of debt of $1.8 billion in 2023 compared to the same period in 2022. the change was partially offset by proceeds received of $209 million for the sale of noncontrolling interest of portmiami during 2023.
future capital commitments capital expenditures our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2023, we have one oasis-class ship, and two ships of a new generation, known as our icon-class, on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 16,900 berths. as of december 31, 2023, we have one edge-class ship on order for our celebrity cruises brand, with a capacity of approximately 3,250 berths. additionally, as of december 31, 2023, we have one evolution-class ship on order for our silversea cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 730 berths. refer to item 1. business-operations for further information on our ships on order. we have committed financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship for the five ships on order for our global brands, all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. during the year ended december 31, 2023 we received commitments for the unsecured financing of the fifth edge-class ship, estimated for delivery in 2025.
as of december 31, 2023, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, excluding any ships on order by our partner brands, was approximately $7.9 billion, of which we had deposited $698 million. approximately 43.5% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2023. refer to note 16. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
as of december 31, 2023, we anticipate overall full year capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, will be approximately $3.3 billion for 2024. this amount does not include any ships on order by our partner brands.
2024                                                                2025                    2026                  2027                  2028            thereafter                         total operating activities:
investing activities:
(2)    amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(3)     amounts are based on contractual installment and delivery dates for our ships on order. included in these figures are $4.5 billion in final contractual installments, which have committed financing covering 80% of the cost of the ships on order for our global brands, all of which include sovereign financing guarantees. amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion or any agreements entered for ships on order that remain contingent upon completion of conditions precedent.
refer to note 8. debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to debt.
refer to note 9. leases to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for maturities related to lease liabilities.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
refer to note 3. revenue to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for credit card processor agreements for export credit agency guarantees.
refer to note 7. investments and other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for ownership restrictions related to tui cruises.
refer to note 17. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for other agreements.
as of december 31, 2023, other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately $6.0 billion of committed financing for our ships on order. as of december 31, 2023, our obligations due through december 31, 2024 primarily consisted of $1.7 billion related to debt maturities, $1.2 billion related to interest on debt and $2.0 billion related to progress payments on our ship orders and, based on expected delivery date, the final installments payable due upon the delivery of utopia of the seas, and silver ray. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, draw-downs under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund our obligations.
as of december 31, 2023, we had liquidity of $3.1 billion, including cash and cash equivalents of $0.5 billion, and $2.6 billion of undrawn revolving credit facility capacity. we have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases unless we repay the remaining principal payments that were deferred under our export credit facilities in 2020 and 2021. refer to note 8. debt and note 10. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
if any person acquires ownership of more than 50% of our common stock or, subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of our board of directors is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of our board of directors on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our credit facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our public debt securities also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by a third-party acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
based on our assumptions and estimates and our financial condition, we believe that we have sufficient financial resources to fund our obligations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. however, there is no assurance that our assumptions and estimates are accurate as there is inherent uncertainty in our ability to predict future liquidity requirements.
debt covenants our export credit facilities and our non-export credit facilities, and certain of our credit card processing agreements contain covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio, limit our net debt-to-capital ratio, and maintain a minimum liquidity, and under certain facilities, to maintain a minimum level of shareholders' equity. our minimum stockholders' equity and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. as of december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with our financial covenants and we estimate that we will be in compliance for at least the next twelve months.
dividends the declaration of dividends shall at all times be subject to the final determination of our board of directors that a dividend is prudent at that time in consideration of the needs of the business. in the event we declare a dividend or engage in share repurchases, we will need to repay the amounts deferred under our export credit facilities. accordingly, we have not declared a dividend since the first quarter of 2020.