During fiscal 2015, we reported financial results consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans for our two strategic growth areas, digital media and digital marketing, while continuing to market and license a broad portfolio of products and solutions. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced products, subscription and solution offerings. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and shift our revenue to be more recurring and predictable as revenue is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our Creative Cloud offering. Our digital marketing segment provides solutions and services for how digital advertising and marketing are created, managed, executed, measured, and optimized. We achieved record marketing cloud revenue of $1.36 billion, which represents 16% year-over-year revenue growth. The increase in deferred revenue is primarily due to increased subscriptions for our team, individual, and enterprise Creative Cloud offerings and increases in digital marketing hosted services. We expect our subscription revenue will continue to increase as a result of our investments in new software-as-a-service and subscription models. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2016 due to changes in our planned cash outlay, including changes in incremental costs such as direct and integration costs related to our acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations, and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. Our restructuring plans have been initiated to better align our resources around our business strategies. We continue to make cash outlays to settle obligations under these plans, however, the current impact to our consolidated financial statements is not material. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. The timing of the resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain as are the amounts and timing of tax payments that are part of any audit settlement process. We believe that the assumptions, judgments, and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill impairment, and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates, or actual results. Our total deferred revenue of $1.49 billion as of November 27, 2015, increased by $330.0 million, or 29%, from $1.16 billion as of November 28, 2014, primarily due to increases in Creative Cloud individual and team subscriptions, ETLAs, and new contracts and existing renewals for our Adobe Marketing Cloud services. We expect that the amount of unbilled deferred revenue backlog will change from period to period due to certain factors, including the timing and duration of large customer subscription, SaaS, and managed services agreements, varying billing cycles of these agreements, the timing of customer renewals, and changes in customer financial circumstances. The overall increase in revenue was slightly offset by declines due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the euro, British pound, and other EMEA currencies in fiscal 2015. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to market conditions to ensure organizational resilience and effectiveness in our strategic initiatives.