We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our EOS has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics, and has also allowed us to rapidly integrate with a wide range of third-party applications for virtualization, management, automation, orchestration, and network services. We believe that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching, which remains in the early stage of adoption. We expect to continue rapidly growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions and as they expand their cloud networks. Our business model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies. We work closely with third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture our products. Our partners commonly receive an order from an end customer prior to placing an order with us, and we confirm the identification of the end customer prior to accepting such orders. We believe that our future success will depend on many factors, including our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we must continue to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform to succeed in our market. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers. Our results of operations will depend on our ability to continue to add new customers. We believe that customer references have been, and will continue to be, an important factor in winning new business. Our results of operations have been, and we believe will continue to be, affected by our ability to sell more complex and higher-performance configurations of our products. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. Our accrued warranty liability is recorded in accrued liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents together with cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for the foreseeable future. If we require or elect to seek additional capital through debt or equity financing in the future, we may not be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our contractual obligations will have an impact on our future liquidity. Our contractual obligations represent material expected or contractually committed future obligations with terms in excess of one year. We believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing cash balances.