We evaluate our results of operations on both an as reported and constant currency basis. Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We believe that continuously including properties that are contracted with booking.com but temporarily do not have availability provides a more consistent and useful property count. We believe that the opportunity to continue to grow our business exists for the markets in which we operate. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which is our most significant brand. We also intend to continue to invest in adding accommodations available for reservation on our websites. Concerns persist about the outlook for the global economy, including the European Union, with recent declines in broad eurozone economic indicators raising fears about the pace of economic growth and the risk of deflation. This uncertainty, as well as concern over governmental austerity measures, could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. We have experienced volatility in transaction growth rates and cancellation rates and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those European countries that appear to be most affected by economic uncertainties. Disruptions in the economies of such countries could negatively affect travel to or from such countries or the travel industry in general and therefore have an adverse impact on our results of operations. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors, the volatility in foreign exchange rates, and their impact on consumer behavior make it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business. We compete with both online and traditional travel and restaurant reservation and related services. The market for the services we offer is intensely competitive, a trend we expect to continue, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through aggressive marketing and promotional campaigns. We intend to continue a strategy of aggressively promoting brand awareness, primarily through online means, although we also intend to increase our offline advertising efforts. We believe that mobile bookings present an opportunity for growth and are necessary to maintain and grow our business as consumers increasingly turn to mobile devices instead of a personal computer. The uncertain environment makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain gross profit growth and profitability. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plan, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations.