The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., especially in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues represent a significant proportion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in R&D and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. In conjunction with the Alphabet reorganization, we implemented legal and operational changes in how our chief operating decision maker manages our businesses, including resource allocation and performance assessment. Other bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and fluctuate as a percentage of total revenues in 2016 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2016 and future periods. We evaluate, on a monthly basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other domestic and foreign tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. We expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates. The increase in the number of paid clicks generated through our advertising programs from 2013 to 2014 was due to certain monetization improvements including new and richer ad formats, an increase in aggregate traffic across all platforms, and the continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base. The positive impact on our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. The decrease was due to various factors, such as the geographic mix, device mix, property mix, ongoing product and policy changes, and the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.