Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. As part of this effort, we implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings while continuing to share such information with the federal government. We expect to continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We have historically generated significant cash from operations and we expect to continue to do so during fiscal 2016. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to opportunities, including acquisitions and strategic relationships. We assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing the credit facility. We currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it. We have included the results of operations for Check Inc. in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. The change to our desktop software offerings impacted our professional tax segment, whose revenue decreased significantly. We recorded goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that reduced the carrying value of goodwill associated with our consumer ecosystem reporting unit. The timing of the annual test for potential impairment may result in charges to our statement of operations that could not have been reasonably foreseen in prior periods. We evaluate cash flows at the reporting unit level and significant judgment is required to estimate the amount and timing of future cash flows from each reporting unit. Our operational flexibility is critical as we transition to offer more connected services, and we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities. The markets for software and related services are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Our competitive landscape includes large, cloud-based service companies who innovate quickly. We expect this trend toward connected services to continue to drive our strategies. We are focusing resources on the enhancement and marketing of our QuickBooks online and QuickBooks desktop subscription offerings. As a result, QuickBooks desktop license units and revenue have been declining as more customers choose our hosted and subscription offerings. Our small business segment total net revenue decreased due to the impact of the change to our QuickBooks desktop offerings, which more than offset QuickBooks online revenue growth. We expect to continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. The effectiveness of our organizational practices and our ability to adapt to external pressures will be crucial for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational survival in a dynamic and highly competitive environment.