Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (MIS), where MIS is available. For over two and a half decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The adoption of da Vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. Our organization focuses on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring greater patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. We model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy divided by invasiveness, where procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the surgery in resolving the underlying disease and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. The growth in our overall procedure volume in 2015 was driven by growth in U.S. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems has grown, reflecting continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. We provide our products through direct sales organizations and distributors, focusing our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and procedures where da Vinci can bring greater patient value. The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems is influenced by factors including procedure growth rates, market response to our recently launched da Vinci Xi surgical system, and additional reimbursements in various global markets. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by these factors, as well as anticipated robotic surgery competition. We believe that da Vinci surgery continues to be a safe and effective surgical method, as supported by a substantial and growing number of scientific studies and peer-reviewed papers. However, recent negative media publicity likely has and may continue to delay or adversely impact procedure adoption, system sales, and our revenue growth in future periods. The growth of recurring revenue and its increasing proportion of total revenue largely reflect continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. We expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of the procedure categories, with more fully featured products targeted towards more complex procedures and lower-priced products targeted towards less complex procedures. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future.