Mastercard continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Adverse economic trends have impacted the environment in which we operate, and certain of our customers have been directly impacted by these adverse economic conditions. The significant concentration of our revenue generated in the United States makes our business particularly susceptible to adverse economic conditions in the United States. Mastercard's financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. In addition, political instability or a decline in economic conditions in the countries in which the company operates may accelerate the timing of or increase the impact of risks to our financial performance. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The company generates the cash required to meet these needs through operations. Mastercard attempts to manage foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company is not subject to any financial covenants under the euro notes and the USD notes. The risk of loss on guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven significantly by regional or global economic conditions, including the health of the financial institutions in a country or region. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and the timing of these payments will ultimately depend on the progress of tax examinations with various authorities. The company regularly reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. The company has established detailed policies and control procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the methods used to make estimates and assumptions are well controlled and are applied consistently from period to period. The application of U.S. GAAP requires the company to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events that directly affect the company's reported financial condition. The company believes that its existing cash flow generating capabilities and access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs. The company’s business model involves four participants in addition to us: cardholders, merchants, issuers and acquirers. The company’s operational flexibility is impacted by the evolving nature of the global payments industry, and it must adapt to changes in market conditions and regulatory environments. The company’s performance may be influenced by its ability to manage risks associated with economic conditions and regulatory changes. The company’s strategic initiatives are designed to enhance its capabilities and ensure resilience in the face of external pressures.