In addition to our historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enabling comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allows for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. We continued to make progress on our three main revenue growth priorities, which include continuing to capitalize on the shift to mobile, growing the number of marketers using our ad products, and making our ads more relevant and effective through continued adoption of newer ad formats and tools for marketers. We expect these investments will continue to drive significant overall year-over-year expense growth compared to 2015. Trends in the number of users affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. The most important factor driving advertising revenue growth was an increase in revenue from ads in news feed on mobile devices. Factors that influenced our mobile advertising revenue growth included an increase in demand for our ad inventory, in part driven by an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on Facebook, an increase in mobile user growth and engagement, and an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed in news feed, as well as the quality, relevance, and performance of those ads. We anticipate that growth in mobile users will continue to be the driver of our user growth for the foreseeable future. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition for payments and other fees, income taxes, share-based compensation, loss contingencies, and business combinations and valuation of goodwill and other acquired intangible assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations, and proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount. We believe that the amount or estimable range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows with respect to loss contingencies for legal and other contingencies. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We currently anticipate that our available funds, credit facility, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We expect that user growth in the future will be primarily concentrated in those regions where ARPU is relatively lower, such as Asia-Pacific and rest of world, such that worldwide ARPU may continue to increase at a slower rate relative to ARPU in any geographic region, or potentially decrease even if ARPU increases in each geographic region.