The following discussion contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from our historical results and those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, those identified in risk factors. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures, dilution-management activities, and ongoing operations. To develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and research and development. We expect our future capital spending will be higher than our historical levels. The expansion facilitates efficient implementation of 3D NAND flash production at the Singapore facility and gives us the flexibility to gradually add incremental capacity in response to market requirements. We have entered into various restructure activities to optimize operations, improve efficiency, and increase our focus on our core memory operations. Our management continues to evaluate future projected financial performance to determine whether such performance is sufficient evidence to support a reduction in or reversal of the valuation allowances. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable could be adjusted if significant positive evidence increases. Our cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies. We accrue a liability and charge operations for the estimated costs of adjudication or settlement of asserted and unasserted claims existing as of the balance sheet date. The estimation of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require judgment, including future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes. We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income. The increases in gigabit sales volumes for 2015 were primarily attributable to higher manufacturing output due to improvements in product and process technologies. We have purchased all of Inotera's DRAM output at prices reflecting discounts from market prices for our comparable components under a supply agreement. The 2016 supply agreement will replace the current agreement, which has an initial two-year term, followed by a three-year wind-down period. Our overall gross margin percentage improved due to reductions in costs and increases in average selling prices. The operations from the MMJ acquisition are included primarily in the mobile business unit and compute and networking business unit segments. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are continuously evaluating the impact of external pressures and operational flexibility in our strategic initiatives to enhance organizational resilience.