Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content, providing in-depth visibility into all traffic and applications, at the user level, at all times, and at the full speed of the network in order to control usage, content, risks, and cyber threats. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. Our growth reflects the rapid adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance, driven by increased security spending by customers, as security continues to be a critical business imperative for every business in the world. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings and announcements during fiscal 2015. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, extend the length of service terms within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. We face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. If we are unable to successfully address these challenges, our business, operating results, and prospects could be adversely affected. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation costs, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We consider free cash flow to be a liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business that can be used for strategic opportunities, including investing in our business, making strategic acquisitions, and strengthening the balance sheet. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows. Our operating activities have consisted of net loss adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The increase was due to growth of our business and changes in our assets and liabilities during fiscal 2015. Additionally, we expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on the factors described above. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if we believe impairment indicators exist. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted or a range of possible loss should be disclosed. We have not accrued significant costs associated with this exposure. Our products are designed for different performance requirements throughout an organization, ranging from the PA-200, which is designed for enterprise remote offices, to the PA-7080, which is especially suited for service provider customers.