We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents, as market rents are increasing across many of our markets. We expect rent growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong in many markets across the globe. Our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of more than 154 million additional square feet of industrial space, and we expect to realize this value going forward through the development of our strategic land. We believe we have the infrastructure that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate, with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. Our operating fundamentals have been improving, which has positively affected both occupancy and rental rates, fueling development activity. We recognize changes in rental revenue from contractual rent increases on existing leases and have experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases every quarter since 2012. We manage our business on an owned and managed basis, including properties wholly owned by us or owned by one of our co-investment ventures. Our owned and managed properties include operating industrial properties and do not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties using a "same store" analysis to eliminate the effects of changes in the composition of the portfolio on performance measures. We believe the factors that affect rental revenue, rental expenses, and net operating income in the same store portfolio are generally the same as for the total portfolio. We recognize that our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and dispositions of properties is adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect our primary cash needs to consist of repayment of debt, completion of the development and leasing of properties in our consolidated development portfolio, and additional investments in current unconsolidated entities or new investments in future co-investment ventures. We have engaged in various stages of negotiations for the acquisition or disposition of individual properties or portfolios of properties. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities has been more than the cash dividends paid on common and preferred stock in recent years, indicating a strong operational performance. We also recognize that our investments represented our proportionate share and the ventures used the funds for the acquisition of operating properties, development, and repayment of debt. We have significant development activity and strong operating metrics, and we expect to continue to develop new properties as opportunities arise. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate have been improving, positively affecting both occupancy and rental rates, which has fueled development activity. Our strategic capital segment generates operating cash through providing management services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures, which has also contributed to our overall financial health.