In the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to severance costs for the organizational restructuring in the European Union segment. During 2014, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to the factory closures in the Netherlands, Australia, and Canada, and the restructuring of the U.S. leaf purchasing model. On April 4, 2014, we announced the initiation by our affiliate Philip Morris Holland B.V. of consultations with employee representatives on a proposal to discontinue cigarette production at its factory located in Bergen op Zoom, the Netherlands. PMH reached an agreement with the trade unions and their members on a social plan and ceased cigarette production on September 1, 2014. The changes did not have an impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in any of the periods presented. Our effective income tax rate for 2015 decreased by 1.1 percentage points to 28.0%. The unfavorable currency impact during 2015 resulted from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The unfavorable impact of interest was due primarily to higher average debt levels, partially offset by lower average interest rates on debt. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due to higher pricing, partially offset by higher marketing, administration, and research costs, unfavorable volume/mix, and higher manufacturing costs across various segments. We estimate 2016 international cigarette volume to decline by approximately 2.0%-2.5%, in line with the estimated decline of 2.4% in 2015. This forecast does not include any share repurchases in 2016, as the company will revisit the potential for repurchases depending on the currency environment. We believe it is appropriate to disclose adjusted diluted EPS as it represents core earnings, improves comparability, and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. The factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors represent continuing risks to this forecast. We manage our business in four segments, and our products are sold in more than 180 markets, where they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands, and we often collect excise taxes from our customers and then remit them to governments. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, from the comparable 2014 amounts were influenced by various factors, including asset impairment and exit costs, changes in tax rates, and the impact of lower shares outstanding and share-based payments.