In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we announced a strategic realignment plan designed to improve execution, enhance financial performance, and drive profitable growth as we work to create sustainable long-term value for stockholders. The core elements of this plan include right-sizing our cost structure, reviewing alternatives to our corporate and financial structure, reaffirming our plan to return significant capital to stockholders, and making disciplined investments in areas that build upon our core technologies and capabilities and offer attractive growth opportunities and returns. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G LTE technologies, as well as in targeted opportunities that utilize our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments. Our business has been impacted by changing industry dynamics, including an increased shift in share among our customers within the premium tier, which will continue to negatively impact sales of our integrated Snapdragon processors and skew our product mix towards lower-margin modem chipsets in this tier. Despite the resolution of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) investigation, China continues to present significant challenges for us, as we believe that certain licensees in China are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us. We continue to make progress with licensees executing agreements based on the new China terms and expect it will take some time to conclude these negotiations. We believe that the conclusion of new agreements with these licensees will result in improved reporting by these licensees. We expect that the increased availability of low-tier 3G/4G smartphone products will help enable further expansion of 3G and 3G/4G multimode in emerging regions, particularly in China. Our research and development expenditures were $5.5 billion during fiscal 2015, and we expect to continue to invest heavily in research and development for new technologies, applications, and services for voice and data communications, primarily in the wireless industry. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions, the amounts of which could vary significantly, to open new opportunities for our technologies, obtain development resources, grow our patent portfolio, or pursue new businesses. We anticipate that our results of operations, particularly for our semiconductor business, will continue to be adversely impacted by these factors into the next fiscal year. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry. We expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. The strategic realignment plan includes making disciplined investments in areas that build upon our core technologies and capabilities and offer attractive growth opportunities and returns. We expect these cost reduction initiatives to be fully implemented by the end of fiscal 2016. We are also investing in targeted opportunities that utilize our existing technical and business expertise to deploy new business models and enter into new industry segments, such as products for the connected home and the Internet of Things, automotive, networking, mobile computing, and addressing the challenge of meeting the increased demand for data.