Starbucks results for fiscal 2015 demonstrate the continued strength of our global business model and our ability to successfully make disciplined investments in our business and our partners. The growth in company-operated store revenues was primarily driven by incremental revenues from the acquisition of Starbucks Japan, an increase in comparable store sales, and incremental revenues from net new Starbucks company-operated store openings. The ownership change in Starbucks Japan reflects the change in accounting from a joint venture to a consolidated market and includes acquisition-related transaction and integration costs. We expect to continue to drive revenue growth and moderate margin expansion through new stores and leveraging investments in both our store partners and our digital platforms. The Americas segment continued to perform well, with revenues growing primarily driven by comparable store sales growth, paired with the success of our food offerings and beverage innovation. Our fiscal 2015 China/Asia Pacific segment results reflect the impact of fully consolidating Starbucks Japan, with incremental revenues from the change in ownership being the primary driver of the significant increase in segment revenues. We expect this segment will become a more significant contributor to overall company revenue growth in the future as we look forward to continued net new store openings and the first full year of consolidating Starbucks Japan. The EMEA segment revenues declined primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency translation, which was partially offset by revenue growth from net new licensed store openings. We expect our continued disciplined licensed store expansion and focus on customer experience in this region will result in improved operating performance. We anticipate revenue growth in excess of 10% for fiscal 2016, driven by strong comparable store sales, the addition of net new stores, and a 53rd fiscal week. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses in those respective markets as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We have borrowed funds domestically and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. We continually evaluate liquidity and funding needs and anticipate issuing long-term debt in fiscal 2016 to provide us with financial flexibility. We expect to use our available cash and investments to invest in our core businesses, including capital expenditures, new product innovations, and related marketing support. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall increase in operating margin driven by the changes discussed above, including the impact of our ownership change in Starbucks Japan and the acquisition-related transaction and integration costs. The overall increase in operating margin reflects our ability to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to changing market conditions. Our strategic initiatives, including investments in our store partners and digital platforms, are designed to enhance operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions.