The ongoing success of our un-carrier proposition and continued modernization of our network has further repositioned T-Mobile to provide customers with an exceptional customer experience, which requires substantial investment in our business. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues, and we have continued to focus on retaining customers through our un-carrier initiatives and ongoing network improvements. These initiatives have continued to provide an improved customer experience, as evidenced by our strong improvement in branded postpaid phone churn. The increase in customer development was attributable to increased new customer activations and improved branded postpaid phone churn driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions for services and devices. The increase in branded postpaid revenues was primarily attributable to growth in the number of average branded postpaid customers driven by the continued success of our un-carrier proposition and strong customer response to promotions for services and devices. Additionally, we expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.5 billion to $4.8 billion in 2016, which does not include property and equipment obtained through capital lease agreements, leased wireless devices transferred from inventory, or purchases of spectrum licenses. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion, and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We regularly review and update projections for changes in current and projected financial and operating results, general economic conditions, the competitive landscape, and other factors. We have substantially completed the process of upgrading our network to LTE, which provides our customers with the fastest nationwide 4G LTE network in the United States. We intend to continue to opportunistically acquire spectrum licenses in private party transactions and future FCC spectrum license auctions to further enhance our portfolio of U.S. nationwide broadband spectrum and enable the expansion of LTE coverage to new markets. The comparability of results in this form 10-K to the year ended 2013 is affected by the inclusion of MetroPCS results after the completion of the business combination. The increase in cash flow provided by operating activities was driven by several factors, including increases in branded postpaid revenues due to our acceleration of customer growth, partially offset by higher selling, general, and administrative costs and losses on equipment sales. We have entered into master lease agreements with certain partners, which provide us with the ability to enter into capital lease agreements for network equipment. The financial condition of the parent, issuer, and guarantor subsidiaries is substantially similar to the company's consolidated financial condition. We provide mobile communication services using spectrum licenses, consisting of 700 MHz A-block, AWS, and PCS licenses. The increase in customer development was attributable to higher branded prepaid gross customer additions due to the growth and expansion of the MetroPCS brand, including the launch into additional markets following the MetroPCS business combination. We are currently in the process of building out our network to utilize our 700 MHz A-block spectrum licenses. The increase in branded prepaid revenues was primarily driven by growth of the customer base from the expansion of the MetroPCS brand and an increase in promotional activities. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily a result of increased operating income from growth of branded postpaid and branded prepaid revenues.