UnitedHealth Group is a diversified health and well-being company dedicated to helping people live healthier lives and making the health system work better for everyone. Through our diversified family of businesses, we leverage core competencies in advanced, enabling technology; health care data; information and intelligence; and clinical care management and coordination to help meet the demands of the health system. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider reimbursement models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. As of December 31, 2015, we served more than 14 million people through some form of aligned contractual arrangement, including full-risk, shared-risk, and bundled episode-of-care and performance incentive payment approaches. We expect continued Medicaid revenue growth due to anticipated increases in the number of people we serve; we also believe that the reimbursement rate environment creates the risk of downward pressure on Medicaid net margin percentages. Our medical cost trends primarily relate to changes in unit costs, health system utilization, and prescription drug costs. We endeavor to mitigate those increases with medical management. Our management activities include managing costs across all health care categories, including specialty pharmacy spending, as new therapies are introduced at high costs and older drugs have unexpected price increases. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs amid reform changes. We continue to balance growth and profitability across all dimensions, considering product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. We expect that our share of the health insurance industry tax will increase due to growth in our business. The health insurance industry tax and reinsurance program will impact our pricing for contracts that renew during 2016 but cover all or portions of 2017. As we expand our individual public exchange offerings, we have seen lower consumer participation than expected, which has led us to reconsider our long-term position in the individual public exchange market. We have recorded a premium deficiency reserve for a portion of our estimated 2016 losses in our 2015 results for in-force contracts. We are not pursuing membership growth and have taken a comprehensive set of actions to contain membership growth. Our results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2015, were affected by our acquisition of Catamaran, which has created needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems.