The company’s MD&A describes how it mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose and protect from the virus while simultaneously managing a significant reduction in customer activity that materially and adversely affected several businesses by late March 2020 and created uncertainty as to the duration and extent of negative impacts continuing into 2021.  Despite these challenges, management asserts that the impacted businesses’ long-term prospects remain excellent given the company’s attractive served markets, industry-leading position and proven growth strategy.  Products and services addressing COVID-19 testing and treatment generated $6.63 billion of revenues in 2020, even as other business lines experienced declines that later returned to growth.  To preserve and enhance operational flexibility and continuity, the company deployed strategic growth investments—targeted spending to expand geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, strengthen marketing initiatives, build out service and operational infrastructure, focus research and development efforts and align incentive compensation—while driving productivity improvements through its Practical Process Improvement business system, global sourcing initiatives, restructuring actions including headcount reductions and facility consolidations, and low-cost-region manufacturing.  The company further augmented internal growth with complementary acquisitions, notably the $1.67 billion purchase of Brammer Bio to expand viral vector contract manufacturing capabilities, and selectively divested non-core operations such as its anatomical pathology business.  Liquidity and risk mitigation measures included issuance of senior notes, maintenance of $10.33 billion of cash and cash equivalents, a $3 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with undrawn capacity earmarked against commercial paper market disruptions, and working capital that increased to $11.65 billion at December 31, 2020, supported by $8.29 billion of cash flow from operations and disciplined timing of incentive compensation payments and customer billings.  Tax planning in Sweden generated $96 million of foreign tax credits without incremental U.S. expense, and non-U.S. earnings have been managed via returns of capital to avoid repatriation taxes.  Contingency accruals for legal, environmental and other liabilities are recorded based on management’s judgments, historical experience and actuarial estimates to safeguard financial stability.  The company believes its existing cash, projected operational cash flows and available borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for at least the next 24 months and expects capital expenditures of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion in 2021, underscoring its focus on maintaining system integrity, adaptability and performance under challenging conditions.