Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery and monetization. These comprehensive solutions enable marketers to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our digital media segment provides tools and solutions that enable individuals, small and medium businesses and enterprises to create, publish, promote and monetize their digital content anywhere. Our customers also include knowledge workers who create, collaborate and distribute documents. Our customers often are involved in workflows that utilize other Adobe products, such as our digital media offerings. We expect creative cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by acquiring new users on account of creative cloud's low cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value, as well as keeping existing customers current on our latest release. The increase in subscription revenue was driven by strong performance with our Adobe marketing cloud offerings, which include Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Campaign, and our Adobe Analytics Cloud offerings, which includes Audience Manager. The increase in subscription revenue was driven by strong performance with our Adobe Experience Cloud offerings, including Adobe Marketing Cloud, Adobe Analytics Cloud, and Adobe Advertising Cloud. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. Our success in driving growth in ARR has positively affected our revenue growth. We recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of agreements with our customers, beginning with commencement of the service. We continue to expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle.