During fiscal 2017, we continued to focus on our global HCM strategy by investing to strengthen our underlying business model and prospects for sustainable long-term growth. Our robust and diverse product offerings are the result of our continued investment in product innovation and service. We believe upgrading our clients from legacy platforms is an important aspect of our long-term strategy, giving our clients our most innovative and seamless products. Our implementation team's ability to implement our services as well as our sales force's ability to sell to clients and prospects drove revenue growth during fiscal 2017. We continue to upgrade our clients from legacy platforms to our new cloud-based solutions and focus on improving the client experience. The causes of our client losses and resulting impact on our revenue retention continue to be a point of internal focus. Our employer services revenue retention was down 50 basis points during fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 primarily due to lower retention on our legacy client platforms coupled with the anticipated loss of a large client within our former CHSA business at the beginning of the fiscal year. We are seeing strong retention on our strategic platforms. The increase in expenses is related to increased costs of servicing our clients on growing revenues as well as investments in our sales organization, partially offset by the disposition of the CHSA and COBRA businesses during fiscal 2017. Systems development and programming costs, as reported, increased 4% in fiscal 2017, when compared to the same period in the prior year, due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products, partially offset by a higher proportion of capitalized costs of our strategic projects. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid at June 30, 2017, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $2.8 billion. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows. Our pipeline for future new business bookings remains strong, as we leverage our investments in our strategic platforms and our strong, tenured sales force. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future. Our new business bookings were down 5% during fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2016, due to high demand in fiscal 2016 for our solutions that assist our clients in complying with the Affordable Care Act (ACA). We are committed to innovation and enhancing our core HCM capabilities, allowing us to deepen our offering in this critical area of talent management. The acquisition reflects our commitment to innovation and enhances our core HCM capabilities, allowing us to deepen our offering in this critical area of talent management. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future. Our implementation team's ability to implement our services as well as our sales force's ability to sell to clients and prospects drove revenue growth during fiscal 2017. We continue to upgrade our clients from legacy platforms to our new cloud-based solutions and focus on improving the client experience. The historical results of operations of this business are included in the employer services segment. We are focused on driving product innovation, enhancing our distribution and service capabilities, and assisting our clients with their HCM needs in the face of ever-increasing regulatory complexity.