Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability has become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit, driven by the respective operating segments and objectives, including the generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management, and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. We continue to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our distribution partners and customers. Our liquidity risk management framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the board-approved risk appetite statement, ensuring that sufficient cash will be available to meet obligations as they come due. The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables, and investment income. Our insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits, and we manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, and other insurance-linked securities to reduce the credit risk relating to outstanding financial derivative transactions. We have established a risk and control management culture that encompasses all significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions, and we conduct risk identification through a number of processes at the business unit and corporate level. Our operational risk governance sets the requirements necessary to embed a risk management culture throughout the organization. We are exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year, and we manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate probable maximum loss modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both traditional reinsurance and capital markets. Our investment strategy within the general insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus and preservation of capital, subject to liability and other business considerations, and we pursue this investment strategy to meet the general insurance companies' liquidity, duration, and credit quality objectives as well as current risk-return and tax objectives.