We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. The primary impacts of the new standard to our segments are anticipated to be as follows: with respect to the brokerage segment, we expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on the presentation of our results of operations in certain quarters due to timing changes in the recognition of certain revenue and expenses. As a result, we will report a different seasonality with respect to quarterly results after adoption of the new standard, with a shift in the timing of revenue recognized from the second, third and fourth quarters to the first quarter. We expect to use the additional cash flow generated by these earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. The increase in operating expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to increases in lease termination charges, meeting and client entertainment expenses, technology expenses, employee expense, outside consulting fees, and other operational costs. The increase in depreciation expense in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily relates to the new corporate headquarters that was placed in service in the first quarter of 2017 and to clean coal plants re-deployed in 2017 and 2016. The increase in compensation expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that the net cash flow impact of these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2018 through at least 2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to improved cash flow generated from our core brokerage and risk management operating units. We have historically viewed organic revenue growth as an important indicator when assessing and evaluating the performance of our brokerage and risk management segments. The increase in compensation expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to an increase in the average number of employees, salary increases, one-time compensation payments, and increases in incentive compensation linked to our overall operating results. The increase in operating expense in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency translation, increases in lease termination charges, technology expenses, and other operational costs. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to improved cash flow generated from our core brokerage and risk management operating units. The increase in depreciation expense in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily relates to the new corporate headquarters that was placed in service in the first quarter of 2017 and to clean coal plants re-deployed in 2017 and 2016. We believe that the production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45. The anticipated net cash flow impact of these investments will be positive overall, subject to various operational and regulatory factors.