Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries, which necessitates substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of its customers' most advanced designs. The company believes it is critical to continue to make substantial investments in research, development, and engineering to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. Applied works closely with its global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements, reflecting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The semiconductor systems segment is characterized by continued healthy investment by semiconductor manufacturers, driven by demand for advanced electronic products, including smartphones and other mobile devices, servers, personal computers, automotive devices, and storage. Applied's investments in etch technology support the adoption of extreme selectivity and precision etch technology for enabling continued scaling of 3D logic and memory chips, while investments in e-beam inspection strengthen the e-beam portfolio, helping achieve higher yields at advanced nodes by detecting challenging defects and monitoring process marginality. The applied global services segment provides integrated solutions to optimize equipment and fab performance and productivity, driven by applied's large and growing installed base of manufacturing systems and customers' needs to shorten ramp times, improve device performance and yield, and optimize factory output and operating costs. Demand for applied global services' service solutions is fulfilled through a global distribution system with trained service engineers located in close proximity to customer sites. The display and adjacent markets segment focuses on expanding its presence through technologically differentiated equipment for manufacturing large-scale TVs and emerging technologies such as OLED, low-temperature polysilicon, and touch panel sectors. The market environment for applied's display and adjacent markets segment is expected to continue to be characterized by healthy demand for manufacturing equipment for high-end mobile devices and TV manufacturing equipment, although these markets remain susceptible to cyclical conditions. Applied's ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides is critical, as development cycles range from 12 to 36 months depending on whether the product is an enhancement of an existing product or a new product. The company prioritizes existing research, development, and engineering investments in technical capabilities and critical research and development programs in current and new markets, with a focus on semiconductor technologies. The operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation in applied's business model emphasize the importance of IT capability in supporting business needs and enhancing overall organizational performance.