The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations reflect the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. The deployment of advanced mobile technology across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next-generation wireless technologies. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate is supported by our focus on building relationships with large multinational carriers. The increase in our operating profit is primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin and is partially offset by increases in our segment selling, general, administrative and development expenses. We expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site construction, and through acquisitions. The growth in operating profit for our property segments is primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The loan agreements for our credit facilities contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries. The financial performance relative to the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements is a key factor affecting our ability to comply with the debt covenants. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. The increase in our cash flows from operating activities is influenced by our operating profit, which is driven by our ability to meet business needs and respond to market dynamics. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations, and signed acquisitions. Our strategic resource allocation focuses on enhancing our IT capabilities and ensuring operational efficiency to support our business transformation and firm performance.