Axon is bringing modern information technology capabilities to every law enforcement officer. Some of our customers report that police officers are spending over 60% of their time on paperwork-related tasks, rather than on value-added public safety work. We see a large opportunity to leverage our connected platform to enable a broad suite of mobile, wearable, and data management capabilities. Axon is also improving workflows throughout the public safety chain, from the incident on the scene to the courtroom. With our software, police officers can share evidence with prosecutors during discovery while maintaining a secure and encrypted chain of custody. Axon's cohesive ecosystem is delivering increased value to all public safety stakeholders, including state and municipal police agencies, police chiefs and other leadership, patrol officers, state patrols and officers, agency detectives, public prosecutors, district attorneys, and others in the public safety and judicial communities, as well as the public communities they serve. The company's software platform features continuous improvement with regular software updates that enable our customers to always have access to the latest technology. Recent new features include secure sharing, audit trails, integration of other data sources, and transcription and redaction services. These feature sets are designed to provide our customers with valuable tools to police more efficiently and effectively while enabling greater transparency with the communities they serve. The overall increase in the software and sensors segment was driven by continued adoption of on-officer cameras and related technologies, including the company's evidence.com digital evidence management software suite. The company remains focused on growing the software and sensors segment as it adds headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services, including records management systems and computer-aided dispatch systems, to further advance its scalable cloud-connected device platform. The increase in professional and consulting expenses was primarily attributable to increased technical consulting fees related to the development and release of signal sidearm. The company has established a robust network that connects devices, apps, and people primarily in the law enforcement vertical. The three foundations for our growth strategy are devices, apps, and people. Axon's evidence.com platform is designed to help agencies securely store, manage, and share all digital evidence. We have created and are continuing to create service plans and product bundles to ensure agencies have the latest devices and technology at predictable annual costs. The increase in cost of product sales was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes, and the increase in cost of service sales was driven by increased cloud storage costs. The increase in total cost of sales as a percentage of total net sales was primarily attributable to non-recurring expenses related to the company's data migration to a new cloud-storage provider. The company has not utilized third-party evidence of selling price. The majority of the company's allocations of arrangement consideration under multiple element arrangements are performed utilizing prices charged to customers for deliverables when sold separately. The company recognizes revenue for the axon equipment at the time of the sale consistent with the discussion of multiple deliverable arrangements above. The company derives revenue from two primary sources: the sale of physical products, including cews, axon cameras, corresponding hardware extended warranties, and related accessories, and subscription to the company's evidence.com digital evidence management software as a service.