We are a global services company with four reportable operating segments: U.S. consumer services, international consumer and network services, global commercial services, and global merchant services. Our results for 2017 reflect a strong finish to our two-year game plan as we successfully executed against our key priorities of accelerating revenue growth, optimizing our investments, and resetting our cost base. We continued to invest in new products and benefits, new card acquisitions, and expanding our merchant network. Our worldwide billed business increased 5 percent over the prior year, reflecting growth across our diverse customer segments and geographies. We also saw strong performance from middle market and small business customers, while large and global commercial customers grew at a more modest pace. Our results reflect a tax charge related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We expect these trends to continue, resulting in continued increases in lending write-off rates, delinquencies, and provisions for losses. Spending on card member engagement increased year-over-year and primarily reflected the recent enhancements to rewards on our U.S. platinum products. Operating expenses increased year-over-year, driven by prior year gains on the sales of certain cobrand portfolios, which were recognized as a reduction in other expenses. We continue to analyze and interpret the tax act and its impact on our earnings; however, for 2018, we currently estimate our tax rate will be approximately 22 percent, before discrete tax items. Our strong performance in 2017 reflects benefits from the investments we have made in a variety of growth opportunities over the last several years. Although we continue to see some headwinds from regulation in markets around the world and intense competition, we remain focused on delivering differentiated value to our merchants, customers, and business partners. With Stephen J. Squeri as our new chairman and chief executive officer, we will be focused on strengthening our leadership position with premium consumers, extending our strong position in the commercial payments space, making American Express an essential part of our customers' digital lives, and strengthening our global, integrated network to provide unique value. Our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. We have in place a funding policy covering American Express Company and all of our subsidiaries. Our proprietary card businesses are the primary asset-generating businesses, with significant assets in both domestic and international card member lending and receivable activities. We generally pay merchants for card transactions prior to reimbursement by card members and therefore fund the merchant payments during the period card member loans and receivables are outstanding. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities, and asset securitization conduit facilities. Our liquidity risk policy sets out our objectives and approach to managing liquidity risk. The liquidity risks that we are exposed to could arise from a wide variety of scenarios. Our liquidity management strategy thus includes a number of elements, including maintaining diversified funding sources, maintaining unencumbered liquid assets, projecting cash inflows and outflows under a variety of economic and market scenarios, and establishing clear objectives for liquidity risk management, including compliance with regulatory requirements. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity common standards framework, which consists of controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from information and cyber security incidents.