We initiated a variety of strategic tests focused on increasing inventory availability in our domestic stores. As part of those tests, we closely studied our hub distribution model, store inventory levels and product assortment, which led to strategic tests on increased frequency of delivery to our domestic stores and significantly expanding parts and assortment in select domestic stores we call mega hubs. We believe that adjusted diluted earnings per share provides us with an understanding of the results from the primary operations of our business by excluding the tax effects of option exercise activity. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology. We plan to continue leveraging our inventory purchases; however, our ability to do so may be limited by our vendors' capacity to factor their receivables from us. Many of our vendors have supported our initiative to update our product assortments by providing extended payment terms. Our self-insurance reserve estimates totaled $220.5 million at August 26, 2017, and $214.4 million at August 27, 2016. This change is primarily reflective of our growing operations, including inflation, increases in health care costs, the number of vehicles and the number of hours worked, as well as our historical claims experience. Our cash flows from operations are unfavorable compared to last year primarily due to timing of payment of accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by growth in net income and a decrease in pension contributions. We believe fluctuations in gas prices impact our customers' level of disposable income. Our primary response to fluctuations in the demand for the products we sell is to adjust our advertising message, store staffing, and product assortment. We have also experienced accelerated pressure on wages in the United States during fiscal 2017. The regulatory changes are going to continue, as evidenced by the areas that have passed legislation to increase their wages substantially over the next few years, but we are still assessing to what degree these changes will impact our earnings growth in future periods. Our experience is that at this point in a vehicle's life, most vehicles are not covered by warranties and increased maintenance is needed to keep the vehicle operating. We believe the improvement in this sales category was driven by differences in regional weather patterns and improved merchandise assortments due to the products we have added over the last year. We expect to conclude this test in fiscal 2018. Our sales mix can be impacted by severe or unusual weather over a short term period. During fiscal 2017, failure and maintenance related categories represented the largest portion of our sales mix, at approximately 84% of total sales, with failure related categories continuing to be our largest set of categories. We believe that as the number of miles driven increases, consumers' vehicles are more likely to need service and maintenance, resulting in an increase in the need for automotive hard parts and maintenance items. We anticipate that we will be able to obtain such financing in view of our credit ratings and favorable experiences in the debt markets in the past. We believe this is important information regarding our allocation of available capital where we prioritize investments in the business and utilize the remaining funds to repurchase shares, while maintaining debt levels that support our investment grade credit ratings. Our investments are expected to be directed primarily to new locations, supply chain infrastructure, enhancements to existing locations and investments in technology.