Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com, and the international businesses of kayak and opentable. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to add accommodations to our travel reservation services, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services to compete with us at relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We believe that providing an extensive collection of properties, excellent customer service, and an intuitive, easy-to-use website or mobile experience are important factors influencing a consumer's decision to make a reservation. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services, outsourced data center costs, and payments to outside consultants. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the year ended December 31, 2016, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Performance advertising expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, affiliate programs, and other performance-based advertisements. We rely on performance advertising channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. We adjust our performance advertising spend based on our growth and profitability objectives and the expected performance of our performance advertising channels. Our international operations accounted for approximately $11.1 billion of our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to $9.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2016. Gross profit attributable to our international operations increased by 22.0% for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to the year ended December 31, 2016. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, and revenue growth or sustained profitability may not be realized. Our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2017, is higher than our effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2016, due to the net tax expense resulting from the tax act, partially offset by an increased proportion of our income being taxed at lower international tax rates due to the growth of our international businesses. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business.