Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as a component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held philosophy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including amounts established for occurrences in prior years, can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The nature and extent of loss information provided under many facultative, per occurrence excess, or retroactive reinsurance contracts may not differ significantly from the information received under a primary insurance contract if reinsurer personnel either work closely with the ceding company in settling individual claims or manage the claims themselves. However, loss information is often less detailed with respect to aggregate excess-of-loss and quota-share contracts. Additionally, loss information we receive through periodic reports is often in a summary format rather than on an individual claim basis. Loss reporting to reinsurers is typically slower in comparison to primary insurers. In the aggregate, we reduced net losses for prior years’ occurrences, which produced a corresponding increase in pre-tax earnings. Reported claims for prior years’ property loss events were less than anticipated, and we reduced our estimated ultimate liabilities. We believe it is reasonably possible that average severities will change from the severities used in establishing the recorded liabilities. Our claim liability estimates recorded at the end of 2016 increased during 2017, which produced a corresponding decrease to pre-tax earnings. We modified the assumptions used to estimate liabilities to reflect the most recent frequency and severity results. Future development of recorded liabilities will depend on whether actual frequency and severity are more or less than anticipated.