We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the tools necessary for our customers to develop complete and functional electronic products. Our growing core electronic design automation business is at the heart of our strategy and is complemented by our business in intellectual property, system interconnect and analysis, system level design and hardware-software development. Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. We offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses and cash flow from operations. Our fiscal 2017 results reflect increased product and maintenance revenue resulting from overall growth in our software and IP business, particularly in Asia and Europe, and continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products to maintain the pace of innovation required by our customers. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. Our ability to bring to market newly developed or acquired technology is also crucial. The competitiveness of our technology, as well as the size, duration, timing, terms, and type of contract renewals with existing customers, additional sales to existing customers, and sales to new customers, will influence our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods. We must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. The demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products, and we must keep pace with our customers' technical developments. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, which are influenced by changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, and stock-based compensation. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases. We anticipate that the adoption of new accounting standards will impact our revenue recognition processes and require changes to our systems and processes. The adoption of ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers," will require us to recognize revenue when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services. We expect our revenue mix will remain similar, with approximately 90% of our revenue recognized over time. Our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, and our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.