We are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. Our integration activities will continue in 2018 with the expectation that by 2019 we will have substantially integrated the practices and systems of legacy charter, legacy twc and legacy bright house. In 2017, we began migrating legacy twc and legacy bright house customer care centers to legacy charter's model of using virtualized, u.s.-based in-house call centers. The increase in operating costs and expenses for the years ended 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods was primarily due to the transactions. The increase in other expense is attributable to corporate costs and stock compensation expense decreased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily as a result of lower headcount as a result of integration synergies. We expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers. Costs to service customers decreased $144 million during 2017 as compared to 2016, on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of January 1, 2015, primarily due to benefits from combining legacy twc and legacy bright house into charter, including lower employee benefit and maintenance costs, higher labor and material capitalization with increases in placement of new customer equipment and improved productivity. Our corporate organization, as well as our marketing, sales and product development departments, are centralized. We intend to continue to insource the legacy twc and legacy bright house workforces in our call centers and in our field operations which we expect to lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes. The transactions increased revenues for the years ended 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods by approximately $11.4 billion and $18.6 billion, respectively. Revenue growth primarily reflects the transactions and increases in the number of residential internet and commercial business customers, price adjustments as well as growth in expanded basic video penetration offset by a decrease in limited basic video customers. The increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily due to the transactions. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. The increase was driven by the transactions. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. Our leverage ratio was 4.5 as of December 31, 2017. We may increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within our target leverage range. The increase in weighted average debt outstanding was primarily as a result of the issuance of notes in 2017 for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks. We are actively reviewing potential acquisitions, swaps or dispositions against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, clustering, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets.