We are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. Comcast Cable is one of the nation's largest providers of video, high-speed internet, voice, and security and automation services to residential and business customers. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers that subscribe to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. Technological changes are intensifying the competitive landscape and challenging existing business models. Consumers are increasingly turning to online sources for viewing and purchasing content, which reduces the number of our video customers and subscribers to our cable networks, even as it makes our high-speed internet services more valuable. We continue to deploy set-top boxes for our internet protocol and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology throughout our footprint. Our high-speed internet services feature downstream speeds that range up to 1 gigabit per second and fiber-based speeds that range up to 2 gigabits per second. We continue to expand our network of residential, outdoor, and business Wi-Fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our services inside and outside the home. We have also expanded our enterprise service offerings to include a software-defined networking product and our managed solutions business to offer enterprise customers support related to Wi-Fi networks, router management, network security, and business continuity risks. Our capital expenditures have increased primarily due to continued investment in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and in line extensions for the expansion of business services. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our Universal theme parks, as well as in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity and the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our X1 platform, and cloud DVR technology. The launch of our wireless phone service in 2017 to our residential cable customers reflects our commitment to leveraging technology resources to enhance our service offerings. Our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical in responding to changing business needs and directions. We anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content to our video customers and deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online, and through our mobile apps. Our investments in technology and infrastructure are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and enhancing customer relationships, which are vital for achieving competitive advantage in a rapidly changing market environment.