During 2017, we invested in improving our digital platforms, including significant improvements to our mobile application and online ordering platform, and equipping select restaurants with an upgraded second make line dedicated to fulfilling out-of-restaurant orders. We detected malware on the network that supports payment processing for our restaurants, and subsequently determined that the malware searched for track data, which may include cardholder name, card number, expiration date, and internal verification codes. We removed the malware from our systems and continue to evaluate ways to enhance our security measures. We recorded a liability of $30.0 million as an estimate of potential losses associated with anticipated claims and assessments by payment card networks due to the data security incident. Our primary liquidity and capital requirements are for new restaurant construction, initiatives to improve the guest experience in our restaurants, working capital, and general corporate needs. We expect to incur about $300 million in total capital expenditures in 2018, with a significant portion allocated to investments in existing restaurants, including remodeling and similar improvements, and upgrading our second make lines and other restaurant equipment. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be enough to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. We have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty from our purchase obligations, which include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us. We have tried to increase, where practical, the number of suppliers for our ingredients, which we believe can help mitigate pricing volatility. We follow industry news, trade issues, exchange rates, foreign demand, weather, crises, and other world events that may affect our ingredient prices. Our results of operations as a percentage of revenue and period-over-period variances are discussed in the following section. The increase in comparable restaurant sales was attributable to an increase in average check, including a 1.2% benefit from menu price increases. We expect labor costs as a percentage of revenue to be higher in 2018 than 2017 due to labor inflation and enhanced benefits. We expect other operating costs as a percentage of revenue in 2018 to remain consistent with 2017 as planned lower marketing and promotional spend is offset by expected higher maintenance costs from investments in our existing restaurants. We expect that general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar terms in 2018 due to increased wages and benefits. Our significant accounting policies include the recognition of compensation expense for equity awards over the vesting period based on the award's fair value. We use the black-scholes valuation model to determine the fair value of our stock-only stock appreciation rights, and we use the monte carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of stock awards that contain market conditions. Our estimates of chipotle's future performance and the future performance of the restaurant industry peer group are assumptions that involve a high degree of subjectivity. We have recorded liabilities related to a number of legal actions, and our estimates used to determine the amount of these liabilities may not be accurate. We cannot predict the outcomes of various claims and legal actions with any degree of certainty, and we may be required to record additional expense if actual claims experience differs from our estimates.