We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to higher volumes, improved leverage, and lower material costs, partially offset by higher warranty costs and increased variable compensation expense. Research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance. The increase in equity, royalty, and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co. and Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. The components of the 2017 charge related to tax legislation included an increase in income tax expense and a decrease in equity, royalty, and other income from investees. We expect demand to improve or remain strong in many of our most important markets. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, and power systems, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The increase in gross margin versus 2016 was primarily due to higher volumes, partially offset by increased warranty costs and increased variable compensation expense. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense, especially variable compensation expense, and higher consulting expenses. The increase in research, development, and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expense, especially higher variable compensation expense, and higher consulting expenses. The increase in equity, royalty, and interest income from investees was primarily due to higher earnings at Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co. and Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. The joint venture with Eaton Corporation will design, assemble, sell, and support medium-duty and heavy-duty automated transmissions for the commercial vehicle market. The formation of this joint venture reflects our strategy to enhance operational capabilities and leverage technology functionalities to meet market demands. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, and we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, and debt service obligations. The strategic resource allocation to enhance our IT capabilities is essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force.