We deliver innovative programs and services designed to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of the pharmaceutical supply chain in both human and animal health. Additionally, the pharmaceutical distribution services reportable segment provides data analytics, outcomes research, and additional services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 included costs associated with expanding distribution capacity and technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our enterprise resource planning systems ("ERP"). Our operations have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and repurchases of shares of our common stock. We have increased seasonal needs related to our inventory build during the December and March quarters that, depending on our cash balance, can require the use of our credit facilities to fund short-term capital needs. Our cash balance in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016 needed to be supplemented by intra-period credit facility borrowings to cover short-term working capital needs. We also outsource to IBM Global Services a significant portion of our data center operations. The remaining commitment under our arrangement, which expires in January 2021, is approximately $67.7 million as of September 30, 2017, of which $35.0 million represents our commitment in fiscal 2018. We recorded an impairment charge of $30.6 million in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 related to our minority ownership interest in a pharmaceutical wholesaler in Brazil. The impairment charge was based upon our determination that the decline in the pharmaceutical wholesaler's stock price from the date on which the investment was made to September 30, 2015 was other-than-temporary. We utilize an income-based approach to value our reporting units. The income-based approach relies on a discounted cash flow analysis, which considers forecasted cash flows discounted at an appropriate discount rate, to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. We believe that market participants would use a discounted cash flow analysis to determine the fair value of our reporting units in a sale transaction. Our effective tax rates were 60.3% and (2.7)% in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our effective tax rate in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2017 was negatively impacted by legal settlements and accrual charges that we currently estimate to be non-deductible, offset in part by certain discrete items, the growth of our international businesses in Switzerland and Ireland that have significantly lower income tax rates, and the benefit from stock option exercises and restricted stock vesting. We anticipate that we will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future. However, the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors such as industry growth trends, including drug utilization, the introduction of new innovative brand therapies, the likely increase in the number of generic drugs that will be available over the next few years, price increases and price deflation, general economic conditions in the United States, competition within the industry, customer consolidation, changes in pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing and distribution policies and practices, increased downward pressure on government and other third-party reimbursement rates to our customers, and changes in federal government rules and regulations.