We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue consists of sales transaction fees charged to vehicle sellers and vehicle buyers, transportation revenue, purchased vehicle revenue, and other remarketing services. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, Germany, Spain, the Republic of Ireland, and India with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. We seek to increase revenues and profitability by acquiring and developing additional vehicle storage facilities in key markets, pursuing national and regional vehicle seller agreements, increasing our service offerings to sellers and members, and expanding the application of vb3 into new markets. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. The increase in yard operations expenses resulted primarily from depreciating new and expanded facilities and certain technology assets placed into service in the U.S. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, opening and improving facilities, software development, and acquiring yard equipment. Included in capital expenditures were capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements to existing software. We recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. Our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the credit agreement. The credit agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict us and our subsidiaries' ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make investments, make acquisitions, enter into transactions with affiliates, pay dividends, or make distributions on and repurchase stock. We are also required to maintain compliance, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter, with a consolidated total net leverage ratio and a consolidated interest coverage ratio. The annual goodwill impairment analysis considered all relevant factors specific to our reporting units, including macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; overall financial performance and relevant entity-specific events. We evaluate long-lived assets, including property and equipment, and certain identifiable intangibles, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.