We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. Our core mission is to empower our customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, Internet of Things (IoT), and artificial intelligence technologies. Our customer success platform provides the tools customers need to succeed in a digital world. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service; our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of new and improved features; and successful customer adoption and utilization of our service. We expect to continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped keep our attrition rate consistent. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, whether internally or through the use of third parties, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales, and the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We have invested in additional database software and hardware and plan to increase the capacity that we are able to offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, increasing the functionality and security, and enhancing the ease of use of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may increase as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new, and improve existing, technologies. We have a disciplined and thoughtful acquisition process where we routinely survey the industry landscape across a wide range of companies. Our acquisitions have allowed us to expand our offerings, presence, and reach in various market segments of the enterprise cloud computing market. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue in future periods to grow our business. The cost of revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, the costs of data center capacity, depreciation or operating lease expense associated with computer equipment and software, and certain fees paid to various third parties for the use of their technology, services, and data. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services. We believe that this investment in professional services facilitates the adoption of our service offerings. We expect our cash tax payments for the next 12 months to be consistent with those paid in prior years. We plan to upgrade or replace various internal systems to scale with the overall growth of the company. Additionally, we expect capital expenditures to be higher in absolute dollars and remain consistent as a percentage of total revenues in future periods as a result of continued office build-outs, other leasehold improvements, and data center investments.