Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the internet since 1984. Our evolving intent-based technologies are constantly learning and adapting to provide customers with a highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We continue to aggressively invest in priority areas to drive profitable growth over the long term. We believe that our customers are looking for intelligent networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics. Our strategic priorities include accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and delivering technology the way our customers want to consume it. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment, which has impacted, in particular, our next-generation networking routing and switching areas. We saw weakness in the service provider customer market and expect ongoing uncertainty in that area. We experienced solid revenue growth in security and wireless, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions, which is part of our strategy. Our total revenue decreased by 3% compared with fiscal 2016, with product revenue decreasing 4% while service revenue increased by 3%. The decline in sales of our switching products was primarily due to lower sales of switches used in campus environments, which comprise the majority of our switching portfolio. We believe the decline in sales of switching products used in campus environments was driven both by uncertainty in the macro environment, which led to a slowdown in customer spending, as well as by a highly competitive landscape. The decrease in revenue in our switching product category was driven primarily by a decrease in sales of switching products used in campus environments. Revenue from our modular switches decreased driven by lower sales of most of the Cisco Catalyst series switches and Cisco Nexus 7000 series switches, partially offset by growth in Cisco Nexus 9500 series switches within this product category. Revenue from our data center product category decreased by 4%, driven by a decrease in sales of our Cisco Unified Computing System products, with declines in the commercial, enterprise, and public sector markets partially offset by growth in the service provider market. The increase in revenue for fiscal 2016 was due to increased revenue from data and analytics offerings, from our cloud-related offerings and from our IoT products, driven by our Jasper acquisition. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service contracts, which primarily relate to technical support services. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term.