The discussion and analysis of our financial condition highlights the importance of deploying capital through disciplined and profitable organic loan growth, as well as investments in technology and analytical capabilities. We expect to make additional investments in business growth initiatives, technology, and our employees, resulting in higher operating expenses year over year. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by the impact of additional headcount for regulatory and compliance needs and business growth, higher average salaries, and a one-time special bonus for eligible employees in response to the recent tax cuts. The increase in professional fees was driven primarily by investments in technology and infrastructure. We continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business and expect the payments industry to remain competitive. The regulatory environment has led to increased focus on measures to enhance data security and incident response capabilities due to growing cybersecurity threats. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the FDIC to implement the provisions under the Basel Committee's framework. The Basel III rules require minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. We are subject to the U.S. liquidity coverage ratio rule, which requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our liquidity portfolio is comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. The size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the size of our statement of financial condition as well as operational requirements and market conditions. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. Our ability to make capital distributions, including our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock, will continue to be subject to the Federal Reserve's review and non-objection of the actions that we propose each year in our annual capital plan. The ongoing focus on technology investments and the evolving regulatory landscape will impact our operational capabilities and strategic decisions moving forward.