During fiscal 2017, our operating strategy focuses on leveraging our financial and competitive position to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk. This strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position and controlling our level of debt, as well as actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk. We believe that our business is well positioned because of our broad geographic footprint and diverse product offerings, our ample supply of finished lots, land and homes, our strong balance sheet and liquidity, and our experienced personnel across our operating markets. We remain focused on growing our revenues and profitability, generating positive annual cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our strategy also involves investing in land and land development and pursuing opportunistic acquisitions of homebuilding companies in desirable markets, while controlling the level of land and lots we own in each of our markets relative to local new home demand. We are increasing the amount of land and finished lots controlled through option purchase contracts by expanding relationships with land developers across the country, which enhances our operational efficiency and returns. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is tied closely to each market's economy; therefore, we expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets. If the U.S. economy continues to improve, we expect to see slow to moderate growth in housing demand, concentrated in markets where job growth is occurring. Our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our inventories at September 30, 2017, included significant amounts of construction in progress and finished homes, residential land/lots developed and under development, and land held for development. We routinely enter into land/lot option contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. Our financial services and other operations, including DHI Mortgage, have seen increased loan origination volumes, which are directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations, reflecting our focus on leveraging our operational capabilities to enhance business performance.