Management evaluates the sales and operating income performance of our non-U.S. dollar functional currency international operations based on fixed currency exchange rates, which eliminate the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on our international operations. We achieved accelerating sales and earnings growth through 2017 as we drove new product introductions, new business wins, and improved operating efficiency in a mixed market environment. Our reported gross margin was 46.5% of sales for 2017, compared to our 2016 reported gross margin of 47.5%. The decrease was driven primarily by higher delivered product costs and an increase in global energy, which on average has a lower gross margin, which more than offset pricing and cost savings. Our operating income increased 5% to $2.0 billion in 2017, compared to $1.9 billion in 2016. We believe our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. Cash flow from operating activities was $2.1 billion in 2017 compared to $1.9 billion in 2016. We continue to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. We have adopted various accounting policies to prepare the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 2 of the notes. We recognize revenue on product sales at the time evidence of an arrangement exists, title to the product and risk of loss transfers to the customer, the price is fixed and determinable, and collection is reasonably assured. We recognize revenue on services as they are performed. Our sales policies do not provide for general rights of return. We record estimated reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentive offerings including pricing arrangements, promotions, and other volume-based incentives at the time the sale is recorded. We also record estimated reserves for product returns and credits at the time of sale and anticipated uncollectible accounts. Our critical accounting estimates include revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, and accrued liabilities. Our business and operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. We record liabilities related to pending litigation, environmental claims, and other contingencies when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. We are committed to our stated objective of having an investment-grade balance sheet, supported by our current credit ratings. We believe our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. We view these ratios as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We continue to target strategic business acquisitions which complement our growth strategy and expect to continue to make capital investments and acquisitions in the future to support our long-term growth. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. The effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the U.K. makes to retain access to the EU markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. We will continue to monitor the status of tax law changes and tax treaty negotiations at the U.K. and EU. We provide various non-GAAP financial measures as additional information regarding our operating results. We believe that our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency with respect to our results of operations and that these measures are useful for period-to-period comparison of results.