We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. We believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes has positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available through entry into new markets, expansions in existing markets and as a result of any subsequent changes to the current regulatory scheme. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a sophisticated external cyber attack in February 2015, which gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. The increase in operating revenue was primarily due to higher premium revenue in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fee revenue in our commercial & specialty business segment. The increase in cash flow was partially offset by an increase in claims payments due to higher medical cost experience and growth in membership. The increase was further offset by an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives. Our significant transactions include the acquisition of America’s 1st Choice, which aligns with our plans for continued growth in the Medicare Advantage and special needs populations. We have established a new pharmacy benefits manager, IngenioRx, to offer a full suite of PBM solutions. We believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves, particularly in response to private exchanges that have gained visibility in the marketplace. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership, and we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, and acquisitions. We believe that our pricing strategy, brand name, and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future. The future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy, including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the U.S. healthcare system. We will continue to evaluate the impact of the ACA as additional guidance is made available.