During fiscal 2017, we continued our expansion into cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments to provide growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. The majority of our software solutions are available through the FICO® Analytic Cloud, and we added Amazon Web Services, Inc. ("AWS") as our primary cloud infrastructure provider. We have migrated several core applications, including the decision management suite, to AWS and will migrate additional applications over the next three years. Our cloud bookings accounted for 24% and 26% of our total bookings during fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, directly demonstrating the willingness among our customers to engage our cloud-based solutions. We continue to pursue additional partners to distribute FICO® scores with their product offerings sold directly to consumers, and we are pursuing opportunities to make FICO® scores available to third parties for affinity, white-labeled programs to further penetrate and expand the markets where our scores are available. We utilized our cash to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives and our share repurchase programs. Our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and 36% of total consolidated revenues were derived from clients outside the U.S. during each of fiscal 2017 and 2016. A significant portion of our revenues are derived from the sale of products and services within the banking industry, and 74% and 72% of our revenues were derived from within this industry during fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees. Operating income for fiscal 2017 was $177.2 million, an increase of 4% from fiscal 2016. The increases were primarily driven by our adoption of ASU No. 2016-09, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting," effective October 1, 2016. We are organized into three reportable segments: applications, scores, and decision management software. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenues for applications decreased to 29% from 32% primarily due to a decrease in sales of our higher-margin software products and an increase in professional services delivery cost. The $26.8 million increase in scores segment operating income was attributable to a $25.3 million increase in segment revenues and a $1.5 million decrease in segment operating expenses. Segment operating income as a percentage of segment revenues for scores increased to 80% from 77% mainly due to an increase in sales of our higher-margin score products. We continue to evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses. Our ability to take advantage of unanticipated opportunities or respond to competitive pressures could be limited if adequate funds were not available or were not available on acceptable terms. We expect that research and development expenditures as a percentage of revenues will be consistent with or slightly higher than those incurred during fiscal 2017, primarily driven by our continued investment in the areas of cloud computing and SaaS, as well as new products primarily in the decision management software segment. The increase in personnel and labor costs was primarily driven by an increase in professional services delivery cost driven by higher services revenue and an increase in salaries and benefit costs as a result of our increased headcount.