Fortinet is a global leader in broad, automated, and integrated cybersecurity solutions, providing high-performance cybersecurity solutions to a wide variety of businesses, including the majority of the Fortune 100 companies. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad, automated, and integrated protection against dynamic and sophisticated security threats while simplifying the IT and security infrastructure of our end-customers. The Fortinet Security Fabric has been developed to provide unified security across the entire digital attack surface, including network core, endpoints, applications, data centers, access, and private and public cloud, enabling traditionally disparate security devices to work together as an integrated and collaborative whole. Our cloud security provides opportunities for growth and was one of the fastest-growing parts of our business, helping customers secure their cloud implementations by offering integration, visibility, and automation across multi-cloud and hybrid deployments. The emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT) has created an environment where data move freely between devices across locations, making it difficult to consistently track and secure. Our approach to network security is defined by our SPU hardware architecture, which includes proprietary ASICs designed for highly efficient execution of computationally intensive tasks, including policy enforcement and threat detection. We monitor key metrics, including revenue, deferred revenue, billings, cash, cash equivalents, and investments, to evaluate growth trends and assess operational efficiencies. Our total revenue increased by 17% in 2017, driven by the strength in sales of our Fortigate and non-Fortigate products, as well as the sale of new and the renewal and upgrade of existing Forticare technical support and Fortiguard security subscription service contracts. We continue to see a shift in our revenue mix from product revenues to higher-margin, recurring service revenues, reflecting our success in driving higher-priced subscription bundles and services. Our operating activities provided $594.4 million in cash in 2017, a result of our continued growth and ability to manage working capital, with an increase in sales of our Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical support services. We expect to continue investing in our research and development organization to support the development of new products and enhancements of existing products, which is critical for maintaining our competitive advantage. Our sales strategy is based on a distribution model, selling products, software licenses, and services directly to distributors, which sell to resellers and service providers. We recognize revenue from sales of our hardware and services when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. The majority of our deferred revenue balance consists of the unrecognized portion of service revenue from Fortiguard security subscription and Forticare technical support service contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the contractual service period. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs, and our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including growth rate, timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, and market acceptance of our products.