The information systems and technology group's revenue decreased as a result of funding delays across a number of programs, including the warfighter information network-tactical (win-t) mobile communications network and common hardware systems-4 (chs-4) computing and communications equipment programs, caused by the seven-month fiscal year 2017 continuing resolutions. Revenue decreased slightly in our IT services business due to delays in procurement activities across a number of programs, particularly in our federal civilian business, offset largely by the acquisition in late 2017 of a provider of mission-critical support services. Despite the lower revenue, operating earnings increased, and operating margin expanded 110 basis points, driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across the portfolio. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. International demand for military equipment and information technologies presents opportunities for our non-U.S. operations and exports from our North American businesses. We emphasize effective program execution and the flexibility and agility to respond to changing circumstances in our business environment, and look for opportunities to drive cost reduction across our business. Our information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access—underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. The information systems and technology group's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and is reconstituted each year with new programs and task order awards. The group's total backlog was $8.9 billion at the end of 2017, up 4.8% from $8.5 billion at year-end 2016. This amount does not include $14.9 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2017. Funding of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts and options added $4.6 billion to the group's backlog in 2017, over 50% of the group's orders. The group achieved a book-to-bill ratio of one-to-one or higher for the fourth consecutive year driven by several significant contract awards during the year. We expect the information systems and technology group's 2018 revenue to increase between 5 and 6% from 2017, with operating margin around 11%. Our focus on expanding operating earnings and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash is critical for maintaining competitive advantage and operational flexibility in a rapidly evolving market. The ability to tailor IT capabilities in response to changing business needs and directions is essential for sustaining organizational effectiveness and enhancing firm performance.