Management uses these non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment, and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company. Our plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will redefine the future of personal mobility through our zero crashes, zero emissions, zero congestion vision while also strengthening the core of our business: leading in technology and innovation, including electrification, autonomous, data monetization, and connectivity. We continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, our product portfolio offerings, emissions standards, foreign exchange volatility, and political uncertainty. Our capital allocation program includes reinvesting in our business at an average target ROIC-adjusted rate of 20% or greater, maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet, and returning available cash to shareholders. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this MD&A and item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners, and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our vehicles, information technology networks, and systems is critical. We expect core EBIT-adjusted and core adjusted automotive free cash flow to be in line with 2017. We continue to lead the U.S. industry in market share, achieving EBIT-adjusted margins of 10.7% on continued strength of U.S. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches, and continued focus on overall cost savings. We strategically assess our performance and the manner in which we operate in various countries, which may require additional restructuring and rationalization actions that could have a material impact on our results of operations. Our management team is focused on building profitable adjacent businesses and targeting 10% core margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis. We expect to sustain strong China equity income by focusing on improvements in vehicle mix, cost efficiencies, and downstream performance optimization. Our overall financial targets include total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, of which approximately $5.5 billion has been realized as of December 31, 2017.