Our MD&A includes the following sections: executive summary, results of operations, liquidity and capital resources, and critical accounting policies. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategy and broad-based growth across our stores and online. Online sales represented 6.7% of net sales and grew 21.5% during fiscal 2017. The increase in net sales in fiscal 2017 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth. Our operating expenses are composed of selling, general, and administrative expenses and depreciation and amortization. Selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $732 million, or 4.3%, to $17.9 billion in fiscal 2017 and included approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses. The decrease in selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2017 reflected expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable sales environment and continued expense control. The modest decline in gross profit margin for fiscal 2017 reflected the impact of lower margin hurricane-related sales and higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from our supply chain. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in net sales was partially offset by pressure from a stronger U.S. dollar, which negatively impacted total sales growth. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2017 reflected a net $127 million charge resulting from the enactment of the tax act. We define ROIC as NOPAT, a non-GAAP financial measure, for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by average debt and equity. We believe ROIC is meaningful for investors and management because it measures how effectively we deploy our capital base. Our cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Cash used in investing activities primarily reflected capital expenditures for investments in our business and cash paid in connection with acquisitions. We generated $12.0 billion of cash flow from operations during fiscal 2017. This cash flow, along with long-term debt and net short-term borrowings, was used to fund cash payments for share repurchases, pay cash dividends, and fund capital expenditures. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. Our significant contractual obligations at January 28, 2018, included short-term and long-term debt, capital lease obligations, and operating lease obligations. We use capital and operating leases to finance a portion of our real estate, including our stores and distribution centers. Our board of directors authorized a new $15.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced the previous authorization. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. Our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition, and inflation. We recognize revenue at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or when a service is performed. The estimated liabilities for self-insured claims are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate.