Our business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology; evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; and increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives and securities contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, ETFs, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our exchanges include derivative exchanges in the U.S., U.K., EU, Canada, and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options, and bond exchanges in the U.S. We also offer end-to-end data services and solutions to support the trading, investment, risk management, and connectivity needs of customers around the world across all major asset classes. Our data services revenues increased primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, and the development of new and enhanced products serving the need for an expanded range of data, regulatory compliance, and analytics solutions. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality, and redundancy requirements. Our desktop and web-based applications deliver real-time market information, analytical and decision support tools to support trading and investment decisions. Our infrastructure managed services solution also offers colocation space, direct exchange access, proximity hosting, and support services that enable access to real-time exchange data and facilitate low latency, secure electronic market access. We recognize that our IT capabilities have become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial in responding to changing business needs and directions.