We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We believe marketing and product innovations that target fast growing population segments could drive market growth. We are also dependent on commodity prices for apples related to our applesauce production. The costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices. Our completion of the bai brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of key trends. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. Our integrated business model enhances our operational efficiency and supports our ability to respond to market dynamics. We utilize technology investments to improve our operational capabilities and to enhance our distribution effectiveness. Our capital expenditures primarily related to machinery and equipment, building and improvements, IT investments, replacement of existing cold drink equipment, and our distribution fleet. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. Our investments in technology infrastructure are aimed at improving our operational flexibility and enhancing our overall business performance. The integration of bai brands has provided us with opportunities to leverage technology resources to optimize our business processes. We believe that our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities is crucial for transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes, which is essential for managing our interfirm transactions and relationships effectively. We recognize that effective information management capability is critical for providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and access. We are committed to aligning our strategic resources to enhance our IT governance and to ensure that our technology capabilities support our business needs. Our focus on process optimization and technology deployment will facilitate our ability to respond to competitive actions and market restructuring. The ability to adapt to changing consumer demands and market conditions is vital for maintaining our competitive advantage. We continuously evaluate our technology portfolio to ensure that we are positioned to capitalize on emerging opportunities and to mitigate potential risks associated with regulatory changes and market uncertainties. Our strategic management practices are designed to enhance our organizational capabilities and to support our long-term business objectives.