As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Technological advancements and innovations may disrupt marketplaces and businesses. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital including from our balance sheet and our ability to realize investments. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, growth equity, core, credit and, through strategic manager partnerships, hedge funds. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. Greater competition, high valuations, increased overall cost of credit and other general market conditions may impact our ability to identify and execute attractive investments. We seek to make investments that have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk, and we may experience periods of reduced investment activity. Our ability to realize investments is affected by challenging market and economic conditions, which may adversely affect our ability to exit and realize value from our investments and result in lower-than-expected returns. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets generally, and the initial public offering market specifically, affect the valuation of, and our ability to successfully exit, our equity positions in our private equity portfolio companies in a timely manner. We may also realize investments through strategic sales. Our management companies bear no obligations with respect to financing arrangements at our consolidated funds. We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements and other sources of liquidity. Our capital markets business is dependent on the overall capital markets environment, which is influenced by equity prices, credit spreads and volatility. Our capital markets business does not generate management or monitoring fees. The increase in transaction fees was driven primarily by an increase in both the size and number of capital markets transactions. We earned fees in connection with underwriting, syndication and other capital markets services. Our capital markets fees are generated in connection with our private markets and public markets businesses as well as from third-party companies. The increase in performance income was primarily attributable to higher incentive fees earned in our strategic manager partnerships, which were partially offset by lower incentive fees received from business development companies advised or sub-advised by us. Performance income also increased as a result of net carried interest gains in the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to net carried interest losses in the year ended December 31, 2016. The carried interest gains in the current period were primarily the result of increases in the value of our private credit portfolio. Our investment income consists primarily of the net impact of realized and unrealized gains and losses on investments, dividends, interest income, interest expense, and foreign exchange gains and losses relating to mark-to-market activity. The valuation of our investments is subject to significant management judgment or estimation. The degree of judgment exercised by us in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in level III. The ultimate fair value recorded for a particular investment will generally be within a range suggested by the two methodologies, except that the value may be higher or lower than such range in the case of investments being sold pursuant to an executed definitive agreement.