The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated mobile devices. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand or expansion plans. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is also determined by our customers' requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. To do this, we believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The semiconductor industry has also been characterized by constant technological innovation. Currently, there are multiple drivers for growth in the industry with increased demand for chips providing computation power and connectivity for AI applications and support for mobile devices at the leading edge of foundry chip manufacturing. Qualification of early EUV lithography processes and equipment is driving growth at leading logic/foundry and DRAM manufacturers. Expansion of the IoT together with increasing acceptance of ADAS in anticipation of the introduction of autonomous cars have begun to accelerate legacy-node technology conversions and capacity expansions. Our product revenues increased by 20% in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, primarily due to growth in revenues from our customers in Korea, Taiwan, and Europe & Israel. Our year-over-year increase in our product revenues was primarily driven by strong demand for our inspection and metrology products, increased investments by our foundry customers to support their new device architectures and process technologies for capacity-related expansion, and sales of our next generation inspection products. Service revenues increased sequentially over the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015, 2016, and 2017, primarily as a result of an increase over time in the number of post-warranty systems installed at our customers' sites over that time period. Our gross margin increased to 63.0% during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017, from 61.0% during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016, primarily due to a higher revenue volume of products and services and a favorable mix of products and services sold. Research and development expenses may fluctuate with product development phases and project timing as well as our focused R&D efforts that are aligned with our overall business strategy. As technological innovation is essential to our success, we may incur significant costs associated with R&D projects, including compensation for engineering talent, engineering material costs, and other expenses. Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and the semiconductor equipment industries. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our $500.0 million unfunded revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations, including repayment of outstanding debt, for at least the next 12 months.