Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. In operating our business, we seek to manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow, invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives, deliver sustainable cost reductions, and provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying the company's manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. In addition, we expect to incur incremental capital spending of approximately $600 to $700 by the end of 2020. We expect to generate savings of $50 to $70 in 2018. In 2018, we plan to continue to execute our global business plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, cost savings programs, and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. We expect net sales to increase 1 to 2 percent. We anticipate changes in foreign currency exchange rates to have a neutral to 1 percent positive impact on net sales, and the acquisition of our joint venture in India should benefit sales slightly. We expect organic sales to increase approximately 1 percent, driven by higher sales volumes. Changes in net selling prices and product mix are expected to be similar, or up slightly, year-on-year. We expect adjusted operating profit growth of 2 to 5 percent. We plan to achieve cost savings of approximately $400 from our force program, and $50 to $70 from the 2018 global restructuring program. Our share of net income of equity companies was $104 in 2017 and $132 in 2016. The increase in adjusted earnings per share of $6.03 in 2016 compared to $5.76 in 2015 was due to higher earnings and lower share counts. The effective tax rate of 25.9 percent in 2017 decreased compared to 30.6 percent in 2016. The rate in 2017 included a net benefit as a result of U.S. tax reform and related activity. The comparison benefited from volume growth, $450 of force cost savings, and lower marketing, research, and general spending, mostly offset by lower net selling prices and input cost inflation. Our products are sold under well-known brands such as Kleenex, Scott, Huggies, Pull-Ups, Kotex, and Depend. We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in 36 countries and products sold in more than 175 countries. We have three reportable business segments: personal care, consumer tissue, and KCP. The restructuring is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, with total costs anticipated to be $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion pre-tax. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others.