We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. Our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. In 2017, we added 473 properties with 76,589 rooms, with approximately 39 percent of the added rooms located outside North America. We signed more than 750 management and franchise agreements for new hotels, representing nearly 125,000 rooms. Of those room signings, nearly 80 percent were in the industry's three highest-quality tiers—luxury, upper upscale, and upscale—which drive significant revenue per available room and fee revenue. We expect that these agreements will have a favorable impact on our total revenues beginning in 2018. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. Our approach to property-level and above-property productivity has resulted in improved performance metrics, including higher revenue per available room and improved house profit margins. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical to our operational efficiency and business transformation. We believe that our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions will enhance our IT capabilities, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands. Our focus on technology deployment and IT architecture supports our operational flexibility and enhances our organizational capabilities, allowing us to maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.