The company continues to build upon its investments in technology, focusing on restaurant modernization and technology to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand in the eyes of the customer. The modernization efforts are designed to drive incremental customer visits and higher average check. The company is enhancing the overall customer experience with hospitable, friendly service and ever-improving convenience for customers on their terms. By evolving the technology platform, the company is expanding choices for how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technology-driven models that enable table service and curb-side pick-up. The company is also enhancing its delivery platform as a way of expanding the convenience customers receive from McDonald's. The velocity growth plan is rooted in extensive customer research and insights, along with a deep understanding of the key drivers of the business. The strategy is built on pillars focusing on retaining existing customers, regaining lost customers, and converting casual to committed customers, all supported by sustainable platforms that enable execution of the plan with greater speed, efficiency, and impact. The company remains focused on increasing customer awareness of its global mobile application, mobile order and pay functionality, as well as its delivery platform. Additionally, the company is accelerating its investment in experience of the future (EOTF) as it expects to complete nearly 4,000 U.S. restaurants in 2018, offering a holistic, modern experience for customers. The company’s strategic direction emphasizes the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers, which is key to long-term success. Leveraging the system enables the company to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company’s financial performance demonstrates that the velocity growth plan is working, with global comparable sales increasing and positive results achieved across segments. The company achieved its best comparable sales performance in six years, reflecting the successful execution of its customer-centric strategy. The shift to a more heavily franchised business model is benefiting the company's performance, as the rent and royalty income received from franchisees provides a more predictable and stable revenue stream with significantly lower operating costs and risks. The company is also focused on enhancing financial value through refranchising efforts, general and administrative cost savings initiatives, and cash return to shareholders. The company’s ability to manage inflationary cost increases effectively is attributed to rapid inventory turnover, the ability to adjust menu prices, and cost controls. The company’s cash flow generation is significant, allowing it to fund operating and discretionary spending, including capital expenditures, debt repayments, dividends, and share repurchases. The company’s investments in technology and its strategic focus on enhancing customer experience are integral to driving long-term sustainable growth and maintaining competitive advantage in the market.