We have been working to optimize our cost structure, which includes reinventing our supply chain operations and aggressively managing overhead costs. These efforts leverage our brands, platforms, and capabilities to drive long-term value and return on investment for our shareholders. On June 27, 2017, a global malware incident impacted our business, affecting a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks. In response, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment. We have restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. We estimate that the loss of revenue due to the malware incident had a negative impact of 0.4% on our net revenue and organic net revenue growth, and we incurred incremental expenses of $84 million predominantly during the recovery effort. We continue to strengthen our security measures and mitigate cybersecurity risk. Our growth strategy depends on our ability to expand operations, particularly in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional, and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale, and portfolio of brands significantly contribute to building our market-leading positions. To grow and maintain our market positions, we focus on meeting consumer needs and preferences through new product innovations and product quality. We continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing, and consumer promotions. Our operating costs include raw materials, labor, selling, general and administrative expenses, taxes, currency impacts, and financing costs. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We also integrated our EEMEA region operations into our Europe and Asia Pacific operating segments, which had a favorable impact on our operating performance due to greater leverage of our regional businesses and resulting cost structure. We monitor a number of developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives, including long-term demographics and consumer trends, which are correlated to GDP growth, urbanization, and rising discretionary income levels in emerging markets. We recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression, and participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. To position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market, including e-commerce. We believe that these investments will drive demand in our categories and grow our position in these markets.