Altria Group, Inc.'s management reviews certain financial results, including diluted EPS, on an adjusted basis, which excludes certain income and expense items, including those items noted above. These adjusted financial measures provide useful additional insight into underlying business trends and results and provide a more meaningful comparison of year-over-year results. Altria Group, Inc.'s management believes that adjusted financial measures are used for planning, forecasting, and evaluating business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to employee compensation targets. The preparation of financial statements includes the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Altria Group, Inc. conducts a required annual review of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for potential impairment, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would require Altria Group, Inc. to perform an interim review. The analysis incorporated assumptions used in Altria Group, Inc.'s long-term financial forecast, which is used by Altria Group, Inc.'s management to evaluate business and financial performance, including allocating resources and evaluating results relative to setting employee compensation targets. The assumptions incorporated the highest and best use of Altria Group, Inc.'s indefinite-lived intangible assets and also included perpetual growth rates for periods beyond the long-term financial forecast. Altria Group, Inc. expects to record total pre-tax charges related to the consolidation of certain of its operating companies' manufacturing facilities to streamline operations and achieve greater efficiencies. The consolidation is expected to deliver approximately $50 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2018. Altria Group, Inc. anticipates an increase in its pension and postretirement expense due primarily to higher amortization of unrecognized losses, driven by the impact of lower discount rates. Altria Group, Inc.'s management reviews income tax rates on an adjusted basis, which may exclude certain tax items from its reported effective tax rate. The transition to a modified territorial tax system required Altria Group, Inc. to record a deemed repatriation tax and an associated tax basis benefit. Altria Group, Inc. records provisions in the consolidated financial statements for pending litigation when they determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries recorded approximately $4.7 billion, $4.9 billion, and $4.8 billion of charges to cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, in connection with the state settlement agreements and FDA user fees. The factors described in item 1A represent continuing risks to this forecast. Altria Group, Inc. expects its 2018 full-year adjusted effective tax rate will be in a range of approximately 23% to 24%. The anticipated increase in pension and postretirement expense is due primarily to higher amortization of unrecognized losses, driven by the impact of lower discount rates. Altria Group, Inc. believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, although actual performance in the short term or long term could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods.