The cost of revenues consists of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support, maintain existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs. Research and development expenses consist of the costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily includes the costs of development, research, product management, project management and the technology support associated with these efforts. The increase was primarily driven by higher non-compensation information technology costs partially offset by lower occupancy costs. Our growth strategy includes developing flexible and scalable technology, expanding value-added service offerings and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions. The underlying impact of such will not be reflected in the variances excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales and aggregate retention rate to manage the business. In evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including results accounted for under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States as well as non-GAAP measures, for the company as a whole and by operating segment. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures. The change was driven by increases in compensation and benefit costs, primarily relating to wages and salaries, severance and incentive compensation, as well as higher non-compensation marketing costs and travel and entertainment costs. The increase in asset-based fees was driven by several items, including a growth in revenue from ETFs linked to MSCI indexes, which was driven by a significant increase in average AUM, partially offset by the impact of a change in the product mix. Revenues from exchange traded futures and options contracts based on MSCI indexes also grew, driven by a strong increase in total trading volumes and a more favorable product mix. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by strong growth in core products, growth in new products, including factor and ESG indexes, as well as growth in custom index products. The increase in ESG revenues was driven by higher ESG ratings product revenues, which benefited from increased investments. The increase in real estate run rate was primarily driven by growth in market information and portfolio analysis service products. The increase in cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries primarily reflects ongoing efforts to better align our tax profile with our global operating footprint. The global cash and cash equivalent balances that are maintained will be available to meet our global needs whether for general corporate purpose or other needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities.