We are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. We continue to invest in software through internal development and strategic acquisitions, as our customers increasingly demand expanded technology solutions that are delivered via software and related services. This includes mobile applications and software in the command center that provide enhanced capabilities such as analytics and predictive intelligence. The services segment provides a full set of service offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks, including integration services, managed & support services, and software maintenance. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed & support services going forward. These services help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways, including predictive policing and smarter response strategies. We have been proactively investing in next-generation public safety broadband solutions, believing that public safety LTE solutions are the next-generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. We believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. We have now won the four largest public safety LTE network installations awarded to date and expect LTE sales to represent a larger portion of our revenue in the coming years. Our framework for efficient capital deployment consists of approximately 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We expect to continue a balanced approach in allocating capital through this framework. Our investment in our managed & support services business and software solutions in the command center is essential as we add new products, features, and software upgrades. We ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology. The increase in our services segment's net sales was driven by growth in managed & support services and integration services absent of acquisitions and the acquisitions of interexport, airwave, spillman technologies, and kodiak networks. The segment's backlog was $7.7 billion at December 31, 2017, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our technology capabilities and service offerings. The evolving trend of software expansion, driven by government funding or mandates, provides a growth opportunity for us. Our strategic decisions regarding resource allocation and investment choices are focused on enhancing our technology capabilities and operational efficiency, thereby improving our market agility and competitive positioning.