Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for global enterprises. We help our customers improve service quality and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. Our service management products include our platform, IT service management (ITSM), IT business management (ITBM), customer service management, HR service delivery, and security operations, which have similar features and functions and are generally priced on a per-user basis. Our IT operations management (ITOM) products improve visibility, availability, and agility of enterprise services. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our overall employee headcount increased significantly, reflecting our commitment to enhancing our operational capabilities. The costs associated with hosting our services and providing customer support include data center capacity costs, depreciation related to our infrastructure hardware, and personnel-related costs directly associated with data center operations. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, and related support and updates during the subscription term. We typically invoice our customers for subscription fees in annual increments upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, the date we make our services available to our customers. Our professional services arrangements are primarily on a time-and-materials basis, and revenues on these arrangements are recognized as the services are delivered. We assess collectibility based on various factors such as past collection history and creditworthiness of the customer. We believe that our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources, including technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and human resources, to further organizational goals. The increase in our subscription gross profit percentage is due to improved data center utilization and economies of scale. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances, but we expect this increase to be at a slower rate than the increase in our subscription revenues. Our professional services and other gross profit percentage increased due to the increase in revenues from our annual knowledge user conference. We anticipate that our current cash and cash equivalents balance and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including the repayment of our convertible senior notes, expansion of data centers, and investments related to the growth of our headcount. We expect to continue to incur a GAAP loss in the upcoming year due to increased costs and expenses, including non-cash charges associated with equity awards and amortization of purchased intangibles from acquisitions. Our strategic resource allocation and investments in technology infrastructure are critical to maintaining our competitive advantage and supporting our business transformation efforts.