Throughout 2017, we further pursued our strategic plan, focused on a balanced approach of growth, increasing efficiency, and delivering a strong customer service product. Operational leverage allowed us to grow our business by providing a competitive service product to our customers while simultaneously driving productivity. We remain committed to consistently providing high levels of rail service and increasing the efficiency of our resources, thereby generating higher returns on capital and increasing shareholder value. The increases in net income for both comparisons resulted from higher income from railway operations. For 2017, a 7% increase in revenues was partially offset by a 4% rise in adjusted operating expenses. The higher percentage increases in diluted earnings per share compared with the percentage increases in net income for both years was largely the result of our share repurchase program. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We have a $44 million valuation allowance on $366 million of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2017, reflecting the expectation that almost all of these assets will be realized. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Our employment averaged 27,110 in 2017, compared with 28,044 in 2016, and 30,456 in 2015. The remaining increase in purchased services expense was a result of higher intermodal volume-related costs. The 2016 decrease reflected lower TCS operational costs, reduced repair and maintenance expenses, and decreased transportation activity costs, offset in part by higher intermodal volume-related costs. We consumed approximately 458 million gallons of diesel fuel in 2017, compared with 462 million gallons in 2016 and 487 million gallons in 2015. We continue to invest in our infrastructure and rolling stock. In 2017, we experienced an overall increase in expense compared to the prior year, reflecting higher fuel expense, incentive compensation, inflationary increases, and volume-related costs, partially offset by improved productivity and increased equity in earnings of certain investees as a result of the enactment of tax reform. The decline in 2016 was a result of lower revenue per unit, the effects of reduced fuel surcharges and changes in traffic mix, which more than offset price increases, as well as lower volume, primarily driven by reductions in energy-related markets and the restructuring of our TCS subsidiary. We expect higher intermodal revenues due to increased average revenue per unit, driven by higher fuel surcharge revenues and rate increases, as well as higher volumes. The increase in 2017 was due to higher average revenue per unit, a result of pricing gains and changes in the traffic mix. Our strategic initiative to increase fuel efficiency has led to a decrease in locomotive fuel consumption despite an increase in volume. The 2017 increase was a result of higher volume, primarily in the export market, and higher revenue per unit, driven by fuel surcharge revenue and pricing gains. For 2018, we expect capital spending to total $1.8 billion. The timing and volume of future share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.2 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise.