In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including the impact of the U.S. tax cuts and jobs act, future revenues and future performance. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment. Our ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences reflect our focus on operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We have high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, and enhanced services and programs offered in our stores. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. Our comparable store sales increase was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts from both DIY and professional service provider customers, despite the added pressure from the better engineered, more technically advanced vehicles requiring less frequent repairs. The increase in our DIY customer transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on ensuring our stores are staffed with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our DIY customers. The increase in our professional service provider customer transaction counts benefited from the continued growth of our less mature markets and our better parts and service availability. We anticipate new store growth will be 200 net, new store openings in 2018. Our liquidity and capital resources are primarily sourced from funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. We believe cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have established a task force to evaluate critical components of new accounting guidance and the potential impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. The task force is considering the potential implications of new standards on determining the discount rate to be used in valuing new and existing leases, procedural and operational changes that may be necessary to comply with the provisions of the guidance, and all applicable financial statement disclosures required by the guidance. Our strategic management practices include ongoing evaluations of our operational efficiency and the effectiveness of our IT resources, which are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing our competitive positioning in the market. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. We utilize various self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, vehicle and general liability, and employee health care benefits, ensuring that we manage our operational risks effectively.