We offer a comprehensive portfolio of HCM services and products that allow our clients to meet their diverse payroll and HR needs. Our payroll processing services, the foundation of our service model, include payroll processing, payroll tax administration services, employee payment services, and regulatory compliance services. We support small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our proprietary, robust, software-as-a-service (SaaS) Paychex Flex® platform, and our SurePayroll® SaaS-based products. Our SaaS solution through Paychex Flex Enterprise integrates payroll processing with HR management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking, and onboarding solutions. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform made in fiscal 2017 included mobile-first design, which allows employers and employees full functionality of all application components, regardless of device or screen size, and the addition of function-focused analytics in context throughout the platform. The enhanced data analytics tool and reports assist HR leaders with making more informed business decisions. We believe our leading-edge technology, along with our personalized, flexible service, will help our clients stay more connected to their employees and their businesses. Our continued investment in our Paychex Flex platform during fiscal 2017 demonstrates that we are committed to providing industry-leading solutions to our clients and their employees. We continue to experience strong demand for our Paychex HR services, our largest HR revenue stream, as evidenced by the continued strong growth in client worksite employees for both our ASO and PEO. Our financial position as of May 31, 2017 remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $777.4 million and no debt. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows and available short-term financing, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. Our financial results for fiscal 2017 reflected another year of solid growth. Payroll service revenue continued to experience steady growth of 3% for fiscal 2017 as compared with fiscal 2016, primarily driven by growth in revenue per check, which improved as a result of our price increases, net of discounts. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small- and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our outlook for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2018, is based upon current market, economic, and interest rate conditions continuing with no significant changes. Our guidance reflects our current expectations and is not a guarantee of future performance. We believe these investments are critical to our success and will enhance our operational efficiency, organizational effectiveness, and business innovation capabilities.