Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including macroeconomic and political volatility and the continued rebalancing of the economic world; shifting consumer preferences and increasing demand for more nutritious foods and beverages; the disruption of retail; the expansion of hard discounters; and the emergence of niche brands laying claim to large consumer segments, particularly in developed markets. We intend to focus on the following areas to address and adapt to these challenges: continuing our investments in e-commerce and digital solutions to meet changing consumer consumption patterns and capture cost savings while streamlining our operations. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade, and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor, and communicate risks across the company's operations. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks, and those risks may evolve over time. We continue to invest in our associates so that we have the best talent to position our company for continued growth. Our performance with purpose strategy will enable us to continue delivering strong performance while positioning our company for long-term sustainable growth. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. We monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in these markets closely and identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our business transformation initiatives and other productivity initiatives are designed to strengthen our food, snack, and beverage businesses by accelerating our investment in manufacturing automation, further optimizing our global manufacturing footprint, and implementing simplified organization structures to drive efficiency. We utilize the strength of our distribution system to offer consumers a wide array of choices, from "fun-for-you" to "better-for-you" to "good-for-you" products to meet consumers' demand for more nutritious foods and beverages. We are committed to providing timely, accurate, and understandable information to investors, which encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting. Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded, that assets are safeguarded, and that accounting records are sufficiently reliable to permit the preparation of financial statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the specified time periods.