The Procter & Gamble Company organizational structure is comprised of global business units (GBUs), selling and market operations (SMOs), global business services (GBS), and corporate functions (CF). GBS provides technology, processes, and standard data tools to enable the GBUs, SMOs, and corporate functions to better understand the business and better serve consumers and customers. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. The ongoing portfolio of businesses consists of ten product categories, where P&G has leading market positions, strong brands, and consumer-meaningful product technologies. Innovation requires consumer insights and technology advancements that lead to product improvements, improved marketing and merchandising programs, and game-changing inventions that create new brands and categories. The company is driving productivity improvement across all elements of cost, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional expenses, and non-manufacturing overhead. Productivity improvements and cost savings are being reinvested in product and packaging improvements, brand awareness-building advertising, and trial-building sampling programs. The company expects to maintain a disciplined approach to investing to not sacrifice the long-term health of its businesses to meet short-term objectives in any given year. The strategic focus is on winning with consumers, with the consumers who purchase and use the products at the center of everything the company does. The company believes these strategies are right for the long-term health of the company and its objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of its peer group. The company has completed a strategic portfolio reshaping program, which included divesting, discontinuing, or consolidating about 100 non-strategic brands, resulting in a portfolio of about 65 key brands. The company has implemented a productivity and cost savings plan to reduce costs and better leverage scale in the areas of supply chain, research and development, marketing, and overheads. The plan is designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making, manufacturing, and other work processes to fund the company's growth strategy. The company has also communicated additional multi-year productivity and cost savings targets, expecting to incur restructuring costs to achieve these goals. The company views adjusted free cash flow as an important measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions, and other discretionary investments. The company has strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which enable it to refinance its debt at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. The company utilizes short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases, and has agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions to provide sufficient credit funding to meet short-term financing requirements. The company’s financial condition continues to be of high quality, evidenced by its ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates.