The company believes many opportunities for growth are available, particularly in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company intends to focus on serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience, successfully executing win strategy initiatives relating to premier customer service, financial performance, and profitable growth. The company emphasizes maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure while fostering an entrepreneurial culture. Engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity is a priority. The company aims to deliver products, systems, and services that have demonstrable savings to customers and are priced by the value they deliver. The company recognizes the importance of effectively managing costs related to insurance and employee retirement and health care benefits, compliance costs associated with environmental laws and regulations, and potential labor disruptions. The company also acknowledges the threats associated with and efforts to combat terrorism and cyber-security risks, as well as uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of outstanding legal proceedings. The company’s ability to identify acceptable strategic acquisition targets and successfully divest businesses planned for divestiture is critical to realizing anticipated benefits. The company’s strategic objectives are supported by the integration of acquisitions, which are considered from time to time to the extent there is a strong strategic fit while maintaining a strong financial position. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures will increase operating income in future periods. The company expects to continue taking actions necessary to appropriately structure operations, including the integration of acquisitions. The company’s order rates provide a near-term perspective of its outlook, particularly when viewed in the context of prior and future order rates. The company believes that its receivables are collectible and appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts have been recorded. The company’s cash flows provided by operating activities reflect an increase in net income and a reduction for cash used by working capital items. The company’s approach to revenue recognition involves recognizing revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, product has shipped, and the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred. The company continuously monitors its reporting units for impairment indicators and updates assumptions used in the fair value calculations as appropriate. The company’s ability to borrow funds at desirable tenors and interest rates is not significantly impacted by certain ratings on senior debt that are below an "a" level. The company believes that its strategic resource allocation and investment decisions will enhance its operational flexibility and market agility. The company’s focus on innovation partnerships and strategic management practices is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and improving firm performance. The company is committed to creating a culture of empowerment through its values, inclusion, diversity, accountability, and teamwork, which are vital for achieving organizational goals and enhancing overall effectiveness.