We continue to invest in our products and services, and markets and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security and processes. The increase in noninterest expense in the comparison primarily resulted from investments in technology and higher personnel and compliance expense. Retail banking continues to enhance the customer experience with refinements to product and service offerings that drive value for consumers and small businesses. We are focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking and investment products. The deposit strategy of retail banking is to remain disciplined on pricing and focused on growing and retaining relationship-based balances, executing on market-specific deposit growth strategies and providing a source of low-cost funding and liquidity to PNC. Our capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions and the Basel III framework, and return excess capital to shareholders. Our ability to take certain capital actions, including returning capital to shareholders, is subject to review by the Federal Reserve Board as part of our comprehensive capital plan for the applicable period. We continue to monitor and balance the relationship between increases in rates paid and overall profitability of our deposit balances. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. Our enterprise risk management framework consists of risk culture, enterprise strategy, risk governance and oversight, risk identification, risk assessments, risk controls and monitoring, and risk aggregation and reporting. We utilize operational risk management programs within the framework, including risk control and self-assessments, scenario analysis, and internal and external loss event review and analysis, to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. We have established several senior management-level corporate committees to facilitate the review, evaluation and management of risk. The management-level executive committee is responsible for developing enterprise-wide strategy and achieving our strategic objectives. Our businesses are responsible for making investment decisions within the approved policy limits and associated guidelines. We engage in fixed income securities, derivatives and foreign exchange transactions to support our customers' investing and hedging activities. Our operational risk management framework supports our effective and consistent management of operational risk. We are focused on building client relationships where the risk-return profile is attractive. We continue to invest in technology and business infrastructure. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit and fee-based products and services. Our success will depend upon effectively managing capital and liquidity, including maintaining and growing our deposit base as a low-cost stable funding source.