The services we provide include the design, installation, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve, such as electric power transmission and distribution networks, substation facilities, renewable energy facilities, and pipeline transmission and distribution systems and facilities. Our consolidated revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017, were $9.47 billion, with significant contributions from both electric power infrastructure services and oil and gas infrastructure services segments. The electric power infrastructure services segment provides comprehensive network solutions, including emergency restoration services and the installation of "smart grid" technologies on electric power networks. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers, striving to maintain our status as a preferred service provider. Our integrated operations require certain allocations to determine segment profitability, including shared and indirect costs. We recognize revenues on unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed, and for fixed price contracts, revenues are recognized based on the percentage of total costs incurred to date in proportion to total estimated costs to complete the contract. We also enter into strategic partnerships and investment arrangements with customers and infrastructure investors to provide fully integrated infrastructure services on certain projects, including planning and feasibility analysis, engineering, design, procurement, construction, operation, maintenance, and project financing. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect substantial capital expenditures to continue to meet anticipated demand for our services. We evaluate opportunities for strategic acquisitions and investments to broaden our customer base and expand our geographic area of operations. We believe that attractive growth opportunities exist due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of the industries in which we operate. Our ability to take advantage of opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain skilled personnel. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including the establishment and expansion of our training facility and recent acquisitions aimed at enhancing our capabilities. We anticipate demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term, necessitating upgrades and modernization of existing transmission and distribution systems. The access to low-cost natural gas resources is expected to increase the amount of electricity generated by natural gas-powered plants, requiring new or expanded transmission infrastructure. We also expect utilities to integrate smart grid technologies to improve grid management and create efficiencies. Despite positive trends, regulatory and environmental permitting processes remain hurdles for some proposed projects, creating uncertainty regarding timing and customer spending. In our oil and gas infrastructure services segment, we see growth opportunities in the installation and maintenance of larger pipeline systems and related facilities, with many customers remaining committed to larger pipeline projects despite potential delays. We believe our comprehensive service offerings and broad geographic presence enable us to competitively pursue available opportunities. However, the oil and gas industry is cyclical and subject to volatility, which may impact demand for our services. We continue to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions and investments to enhance our core business and leadership position in the industries we serve.