The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding guidance, business and industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates, and assumptions. We believe our most critical accounting policies are related to ship accounting, which represents our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. The depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a projected residual value using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30 years. Our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions, and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. We believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. However, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances dictate. The impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. Factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices, and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. We estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. The estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions, and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions. We are committed to investing in new hardware and our existing hardware through our fleet modernization programs and continue to opportunistically evaluate selling or transferring older ships to further optimize our fleet. We continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. We may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. We generate substantial cash flows from operations and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing, and financing needs. We expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future. Our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. As of December 31, 2017, we have two quantum-class ships, two oasis-class ships, and two ships of a new generation on order for our Royal Caribbean International brand. We have committed unsecured financing arrangements in place covering 80% of the cost of the ship, almost all of which include sovereign financing guarantees.