Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, rent, taxes, and capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily due to information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, and corporate offices. We are forecasting approximately $475 million in capital expenditures for fiscal year 2018 to fund costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open new stores, the upgrade or relocation of existing stores, investments in information technology systems, and for various other expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. Our sales and earnings gains in 2017 continued to benefit from efficient execution of our off-price model throughout all areas of our business. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. The timing of merchandise receipts and related payments versus last year resulted in lower accounts payable leverage. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of receipts and related payments versus the prior year, and by higher income taxes payable. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. Changes in packaway inventory levels impact our operating cash flow. Our capital expenditures over the last three years are set forth in the table below: new stores, existing stores, information systems, corporate, and other, distribution and transportation. The increase in cash used for investing activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase in our capital expenditures. We opened 96, 93, and 90 new stores in fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. Our primary source of operating cash flow is the sale of our merchandise inventory. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 will be between 24% and 25%. Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015 were approximately 33%, 37%, and 37%, respectively. We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2017, 2016, and 2015 will continue in future years.