In 2018, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities, and reducing costs. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2018. We expect to increase revenue by approximately 4.0 to 4.5%, which is comprised of increases in average yield, volume, energy services, and acquisitions. Changes in price are restricted on approximately 50% of our annual service revenue, with the majority of these restricted pricing arrangements tied to fluctuations in a specific index. We integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. The revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment and disposal of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas. Our revenue from national accounts represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills, and other administrative functions. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We use these measures and believe investors will find them helpful in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Our definition of free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment. We believe that presenting free cash flow demonstrates our ability to execute our financial strategy, which includes reinvesting in existing capital assets to ensure a high level of customer service, investing in capital assets to facilitate growth in our customer base and services provided, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and minimizing debt. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. Our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water, and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary.