During the past three years of unprecedented market downturn, Schlumberger has proactively sought to strengthen its technology offering and presence in key markets around the world. Schlumberger has continued to evaluate the present and future return prospects for all of its product lines, as it seeks to maximize its long-term financial performance. Schlumberger's financial performance in 2017 was driven by land activity in North America, where revenue increased over 80% in line with the average rig count increase. The increase in oil price afforded by the OPEC agreement gave producers a means to increase their investment in tight oil. However, apprehension related to growing US supply and uncertainty surrounding the duration of OPEC and Russia-led production cuts held international spending to a level 3% below 2016. The outlook improved for international markets, evidenced by a significant increase in the sanctioning of new projects, with the number of final investment decisions tripling in 2017 compared to 2016. Schlumberger has restructured all relevant parts of the company to maximize its market competitiveness and operational agility. With significant changes seen in customer priorities and buying habits in recent years, Schlumberger has identified the seismic acquisition business as the only product line that does not meet its return expectations going forward. Schlumberger has taken the difficult decision to exit the marine and land seismic acquisition market and instead operate the WesternGeco product line as an asset-light business, built on its leading position within multiclient, data processing, and geophysical interpretation. Schlumberger's commitment to delivering market-leading products and services to its customers and superior returns to its shareholders reflects its strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. The strong growth in demand is projected to continue, supported by a robust global economy, and Schlumberger remains positive on the global outlook for its business. The company has maintained a €5.0 billion guaranteed euro medium-term note program, which provides for the issuance of various types of debt instruments. Schlumberger believes that these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months. The total outstanding commercial paper borrowings were $3.0 billion as of December 31, 2017. Schlumberger has also continued to invest in technology capabilities, as evidenced by the expansion of its hydraulic fracturing presence in North America land through the purchase of the US fracturing and pump-down perforating businesses from Weatherford. This strategic move aligns with Schlumberger's focus on enhancing its operational efficiency and leveraging technology to support business needs. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming Schlumberger into a competitive force. Schlumberger's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.