The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." Our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy have historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long term. We focus on obtaining profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have been consistently successful in communicating to our customers the value of our products, which has enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so. Our selective acquisition strategy has contributed to the growth of our business, with the integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy resulting in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many companies being small private businesses or non-core operations of larger businesses. Our management team has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. We believe our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications, which aligns with our focus on providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. Our business strategy is made up of a value-driven operating strategy and a selective acquisition strategy, which includes obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The application of our three core value-driven operating strategies has resulted in a net increase in gross profit and has enabled us to maintain a lean cost structure. We have successfully identified and developed both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth, which reflects our capability to leverage technology and management skills effectively. Our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation have allowed us to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands efficiently. The integration of technology resources within our operational framework has been essential in enhancing our organizational capabilities and performance outcomes. Our ongoing commitment to improving our internal processes and resource management is critical in navigating the challenges posed by regulatory contexts and market restructuring. The ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other capabilities is fundamental to our strategic decisions and overall business transformation. We believe that our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash from operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs, thereby enhancing our competitive positioning in the market.