In fiscal 2017, we made several investments to improve and expand our delivery capabilities, notably purchasing Shipt, an online same-day delivery company, for approximately $550 million. The increase in digital channel sales growth of 27 percent contributed 1.2 percentage points of comparable sales growth. The increase in 2017 sales is attributed to a comparable sales increase of 1.3 percent, the extra week in 2017, and contributions from new stores. The increase in operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $6,849 million for 2017, an increase of $1,520 million, or 28.5 percent from the previous year, driven by increased payables leverage primarily due to changes in vendor payment terms. Our capital expenditures increased in 2017 from the prior year primarily due to increased investments in existing stores as we accelerated our current store remodel program, which follows an increase in 2016 due to remodels and guest experience enhancements. The 2017 increase in selling, general and administrative expense rate was primarily due to higher compensation costs, including both bonus expense and store wages, partially offset by cost savings primarily driven by efficiency in our technology operations. We expect capital expenditures in 2018 to increase to approximately $3.5 billion as we accelerate the rate of store remodels and continue to make supply chain investments. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. We monitor the percentage of sales paid for using Redcards because our internal analysis indicates that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our Redcards are also incremental sales for Target. The collective interaction of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores, makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible. Our ability to access long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity, and we expect to continue our current rate of investment in store leases. The 2017 effective income tax rate from continuing operations decreased to 19.7 percent, driven primarily by the impact of the tax act, which reduced the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent effective January 1, 2018. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. The increase in 2017 sales was also influenced by the digital channel's performance, highlighting the importance of technology deployment in enhancing business processes and customer relationships. The strategic management practices we employ are aimed at leveraging our technology capabilities to support business needs and improve operational efficiency.