In 2017, we continued to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity, and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience, and performance features. Our goal is to become the best manufacturer in the automotive industry, and having cutting-edge robotic expertise in-house is at the core of that goal. Our recent acquisitions of advanced automation companies have added to our talent base and are helping us increase vehicle production rates more effectively. The worldwide automotive market for alternative fuel vehicles and self-driving technology is highly competitive, and we expect it to become even more so. We believe that the unique features of our vehicles, our constant innovation, our growing brand, and our global supercharger network will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles. We are systematically addressing bottlenecks and adding capacity and resources in areas like the battery module line where we have experienced constraints, which should result in our model 3 production rate significantly increasing. We are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries, and customer infrastructure, including lowering the cost of manufacturing due to economies of scale and improved product reliability. Our self-driving technology has undergone an overhaul of the underlying architecture, enabling a step-change improvement in the collection and analysis of data and fundamentally enhancing its machine learning capabilities. The aggregate of such data and learnings, referred to as our "neural net," is able to collect and analyze more high-quality data than ever before, enabling us to rollout a series of new autopilot features. We are continuing to reduce customer acquisition costs of our energy generation products by leveraging channel partnerships and deemphasizing absolute volume growth for our solar products, prioritizing projects for cash generation and profitability. We expect energy storage products to experience significant growth, aiming to at least triple our sales in 2018. We are ramping up production for these products at our gigafactory 1 over the next several quarters, but demand is greater than our current production capacity. We expect energy generation and storage gross margin to improve significantly as we enter the year with a backlog of higher-margin commercial solar projects and a more profitable energy storage business due to overall cost and manufacturing efficiencies from scaling. Our capital expenditures in 2018 are projected to support increases in model 3 production capacity and the continued construction of gigafactory 1. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. Our sources of liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund ongoing operations, research and development projects, and investments in tooling and manufacturing equipment. We are growing our vehicle manufacturing capacity primarily to fulfill model 3 production at 5,000 vehicles per week and later to 10,000 vehicles per week. We have an agreement to spend or incur $5.00 billion in combined capital, operational expenses, and other costs in the state of New York during the 10-year period following full production at gigafactory 2. We anticipate meeting these obligations through our operations at gigafactory 2 and other operations within the state of New York.