Our customer service network consists of centralized call centers and online capabilities. We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of this environment because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain compelling competitive advantages. These include the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, the ability to provide customers with equipment that is more consistently well-maintained and therefore more productive and reliable, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. In particular, we have focused on customer segmentation, customer service differentiation, rate management, fleet management, and operational efficiency. We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of improving invoice accuracy and service quality and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. We plan to open at least 18 specialty rental branches/tool hubs in 2018 and continue to invest in specialty rental fleet to further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. We believe these efforts will lead to even better service of our target accounts, primarily large construction and industrial customers, as well as select local contractors. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. The implementation of Project XL is focused on driving profitable growth through revenue opportunities and generating incremental profitability through cost savings across our business. We monitor the margin variances and confirm the expectation of future convergence on a quarterly basis. We believe that the regions that are aggregated into our segments have similar economic characteristics, as each region is capital intensive, offers similar products to similar customers, uses similar methods to distribute its products, and is subject to similar competitive risks. Our strategic acquisitions allow us to invest our capital to expand our business, further driving our ability to accomplish our strategic goals. We expect that the majority of our end markets will continue to experience solid demand for equipment rental services. We have made a number of acquisitions in the past and may continue to make acquisitions in the future. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The intangible assets that we have acquired are non-compete agreements and customer relationships. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We expect to fund cash requirements from our existing sources of cash. We plan to fund such cash requirements from our existing sources of cash. We believe that the increase in the volume of OEC on rent reflects improving demand in many of our core markets. We continue to monitor the pump solutions reporting unit for impairment, and the pump solutions reporting unit's operating results improved significantly in 2017. The increase in the volume of OEC on rent significantly exceeded the increase in average OEC primarily due to improved performance in our pump solutions region. The improvement in the pump solutions region primarily reflected growth in revenue from upstream oil and gas customers, which have experienced significant volatility in recent years, and construction and mining customers.