Visa is a global payments technology company that enables fast, secure, and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories, facilitating global commerce through the transfer of value and information among a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The growth in our operating revenues reflects the operating revenues of Visa Europe and continued growth in nominal payments volume, processed transactions, and nominal cross-border volume. The increase in operating revenues primarily reflects the operating revenues of Visa Europe and continued growth in nominal payments volume, processed transactions, and nominal cross-border volume. Our operating expenses increased primarily due to the inclusion of Visa Europe expenses, and we expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest excess cash in securities which enables us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. The increase in personnel expenses was driven by higher incentive compensation, combined with continued increases in headcount reflecting our strategy to invest for future growth. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2017 due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. The acquisition of Visa Europe positions us to create additional value through increased scale and efficiencies realized by the integration of both businesses. The effective income tax rate was impacted by a non-recurring, non-cash income tax provision related to the legal entity reorganization recorded in fiscal 2017. We maintain global credit settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. Our technology infrastructure supports our digital solutions and core business initiatives, and we anticipate funding our pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on the funded status of the pension plan, movements in the discount rate, performance of the plan assets, and related tax consequences. The growth in data processing revenues was slower than the growth in processed transactions, reflecting the inclusion of data processing revenues earned by Visa Europe and the resulting impact on our data processing revenue yield. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to expenses related to the Visa Inc. shares held by Visa Europe that were received by the newly-formed Visa Foundation, as well as an increase in expenses to provide product benefits to our account holders as a result of business growth. We expect to continue paying quarterly dividends in cash, subject to approval by the board of directors, and we have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. Our strategic management practices include evaluating the need to make contributions to our pension plan after considering the funded status of the pension plan and other related factors.