Our fundamental strategy has not changed; we remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement, with the current state of our strategy taking into account economic conditions, the regulatory environment, asset and resource availability and innovation through technology. We believe that focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets, will deliver profitable growth and competitive advantages. Our business performed exceptionally well in 2017, as our strategy of improving pricing, adding profitable volume and controlling costs led to another year of significant earnings improvement. Our focus on delivering exceptional customer service while bolstering employee engagement yielded consistently positive operational performance throughout the year. We are investing in our front-line employees, technology and revenue generating assets to continue to grow our business and improve customer service. These investments, together with our long-held commitments to maintain a strong balance sheet, return cash to shareholders and pursue attractive strategic growth opportunities, position the company to capitalize on its momentum as we work to deliver superior performance again in 2018. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. Our cash flow generation has also continued to exceed expectations, allowing us to invest in assets that support continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We continue to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management and fluctuations in our capital expenditures are a result of new business opportunities, growth in our existing business, timing of replacement of aging assets and investment in assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We are seeking expansion permits at 15 of our landfills that meet the expansion criteria outlined in the critical accounting estimates and assumptions. We continually focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that may include recirculating landfill leachate where allowed by permit; optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations and training. Our 2017 results were affected by the recognition of net pre-tax charges aggregating to $36 million, primarily related to impairment charges related to investments in waste diversion technology companies. The company continues to focus on accretive acquisitions and growth opportunities that will enhance and expand our existing service offerings. Our historical experience generally indicates that the impact of settlement at a landfill is greater later in the life of the landfill when the waste placed at the landfill approaches its highest point under the permit requirements. We believe that execution of our strategy will deliver shareholder value and leadership in a dynamic industry. We are committed to providing our shareholders with a return on their investment through dividend payments and our common stock repurchase program. The company is currently planning to adopt the amended guidance using the modified retrospective method as of January 1, 2018. We are assessing the provisions of this amended guidance and evaluating the impact on our consolidated financial statements.