Our operations are located principally in the United States, and we focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets and areas of increasing natural gas demand. The ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven primarily by transco expansion projects and continued growth in the northeast region. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2018 are expected to be approximately $2.7 billion, with a significant portion dedicated to transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. The potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include opposition to infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, and lower than anticipated demand for natural gas and natural gas products. We have various other guarantees and commitments which we do not believe will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs. Our expected long-term rates of return on plan assets are based on the average rate of return expected on the funds invested in the plans. We evaluate our property, plant, and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in our judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. We continue to monitor our equity-method investments for any indications that the carrying value may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. The regulatory liabilities resulting from tax reform reflect the recognition of regulatory liabilities for the probable return to customers through future rates of the future decrease in income taxes payable associated with tax reform. We expect to have sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2018, with potential material internal and external sources and uses of consolidated liquidity. The organizational documents of entities in which we have an equity-method investment generally require distribution of their available cash to their members on a quarterly basis. Our operations have historically not been materially affected by inflation, and we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual costs incurred to replace existing assets. We are monitoring environmental regulations that may impact our operations and increase the cost of additions to property, plant, and equipment. We expect to pay for cleanup and/or remediation and monitoring activities as part of our environmental responsibilities.