Through innovation, we are striving to create a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates digital and physical shopping into an omni-channel offering that saves time for our customers. Our physical and digital presence, in which we are investing to integrate into a seamless omni-channel, provides customers convenient access to our broad assortment anytime and anywhere. We operate in the highly competitive retail industry in all of the markets we serve, facing strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including competitive pressures, consumer preferences, and the impact of technology. Our strategy is to lead on price, invest to differentiate on access, be competitive on assortment and deliver a great experience. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. At times, we adjust our business strategies to maintain and strengthen our competitive positions in the countries in which we operate. Our financial framework is defined as strong, efficient growth, operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. We are allocating more capital to remodels, ecommerce, technology, and supply chain and less to new store and club openings, aligning with our initiatives of improving our customer proposition in stores and clubs and integrating digital and physical shopping. We continued to focus on ecommerce, including a seamless omni-channel shopping experience, in each of our segments during fiscal 2018. Our fiscal 2018 accomplishments in this area include growing "online grocery" to over 1,100 pickup locations in the U.S., new dedicated ecommerce fulfillment centers, two-day free shipping with no membership fee at Walmart U.S. and one-hour delivery from stores in China. We project capital expenditures will involve continuing to prioritize store remodels and digital experiences, investing more in fulfillment capabilities in addition to new stores, and ecommerce investments that include enhanced supply chain capabilities. Our investments in digital retail and technology reflect our commitment to operational efficiency and business transformation. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to our continued investments in ecommerce and technology. We believe our returns on capital will improve over time as we execute on our financial framework. Our total capital expenditures decreased, with a shift in capital allocation strategy to support growth in comparable store and club sales and ecommerce, while slowing the rate at which we open new stores and clubs. The increase in net sales was positively impacted by overall positive comparable sales and the impact from new store openings and sales generated from ecommerce acquisitions. Our gross profit rate decreased primarily due to strategic price investments and the mix impact from ecommerce. The increase in operating expenses as a percentage of segment net sales was primarily due to an increase in wage expense resulting from the continued investment in associate wage structure, as well as our investments in ecommerce and technology. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, and support our long-term growth initiatives.