Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, with a risk of failure inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace due to entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbott's diagnostics business experienced significant changes in sales due to the demand for COVID-19 related products, which reflects the importance of agile IT capabilities in responding to market dynamics. Abbott has regulatory approvals for its Alinity suite of diagnostic instruments, which are designed to increase efficiency by running more tests in less space, generating test results faster and minimizing human errors while continuing to provide quality results. The company is focused on expanding its market position in various areas including diabetes care, structural heart, electrophysiology, and heart failure, which necessitates strong IT capabilities to support operational efficiency and innovation. Abbott's capital expenditures include investments in information technology and laboratory instruments placed with customers, reflecting the strategic resource allocation towards enhancing its technology infrastructure. The ongoing development of Abbott's IT capabilities is critical for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently is also dependent on its IT capabilities, which support the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. Abbott's focus on technology management and performance metrics is essential for driving business transformation and achieving operational flexibility in a competitive healthcare environment.