Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. If any of these systems, applications or solutions fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, errors, defects or any other factor(s), we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. The significant impact the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our clients and the broader economy is in turn having an effect on our reported metrics. We remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept.