A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, which we cannot control. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations, or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers, as well as technological changes. The ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure are critical to our business performance. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The integration of acquired telecommunications infrastructure assets may require significant resources, including increased attention from our management team, and achieving the benefits of acquisition initiatives depends on timely and efficient integration of operations and technology systems. We rely on information technology and other computing resources, and our computer systems are subject to interruptions or damage from various unforeseen events, which could result in a loss of revenue and damage to our reputation. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and the financial performance of our tenants. The deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, compelling our tenants to deploy additional equipment across their existing networks. Our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally, and we believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including compliance with various laws and regulations that could restrict our ability to operate. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, impacting our revenue. We expect to continue to allocate our available capital among investment alternatives that meet our return on investment criteria, while maintaining our commitment to long-term financial policies. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. The integration of acquired assets may significantly burden management and internal resources, and if we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios. Our financial flexibility and ability to grow our business depend on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness.