Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and if this market does not evolve as anticipated or our target end customers do not adopt our networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer. The market demand for networking solutions has increased in recent years as end customers have deployed larger, more sophisticated networks and have increased the use of virtualization and cloud computing. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our ability to continue to evolve and adapt to our rapidly changing environment is essential, and we must continue to develop market-leading products and features that address the needs of our existing and new customers. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic with respect to the underlying merchant silicon architecture, enabling us to focus our research and development resources on our software core competencies and to leverage the investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support and services offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality support and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, and we rely on trade secret, patent, copyright, and trademark laws and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties. The success of our strategy to expand our software business is subject to several risks and uncertainties, including the additional development efforts and costs to create these new products or make them compatible with other technologies. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our future success will depend on our ability to attract new large end customers or to sell additional products and services to our existing end customers. If we are unable to increase market awareness of our company and our new products and services, our revenue may not continue to grow or may decline. Our relationships with our strategic alliance partners or suppliers may also shift as industry dynamics change. If strategic alliance partners acquire or develop competitive products or services, our relationship with those partners may be adversely impacted, which could lead to more variability in our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions.