The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Approximately 46% of the company's 2020 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, including information technology and data communication, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has transitioned a significant subset of its employee population to a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19. This change may exacerbate certain risks to the business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, an increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and an increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to the company's reputation and operating results. The company maintains significant amounts of data electronically in locations around the world, which relates to all aspects of its business, including financial information and current and future products under development. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding information security and privacy, but there can be no assurance that these policies will be effective in preventing violations. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and California's Consumer Privacy Act. The potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with these laws may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment position on hand, along with the ability to generate future cash flow from operations, provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for at least the next twelve months.