Our business depends on various IT systems and outsourced IT services. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services and to adequately address cyber security threats to their own systems. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is influenced by our operational efficiency, which is closely tied to our IT capabilities. We have made substantial investments in research and development, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as it underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has increased our reliance on IT systems, as many of our employees have been working remotely, which may reduce efficiency and productivity, potentially causing product development delays and hampering new product innovation. Additionally, we collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business, as we are dependent on a number of third-party cloud-based and other service providers of critical corporate infrastructure services. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products and damage our reputation with current or prospective customers. Our IT systems are also essential for managing and securing applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile, and cloud platforms, and any failure of these systems could disrupt our operations. We face challenges in maintaining compatibility with ever-changing operating environments, platforms, or third-party products, which could materially adversely affect our business. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets, and our ability to adapt to these changes is closely linked to our IT capabilities. In addition, we must continually address the challenges of dynamic and accelerating market trends and competitive developments, such as the emergence of advanced persistent threats in the security space, to compete effectively. Our strategic resource allocation decisions are influenced by our IT capabilities, as they enable us to respond to market dynamics and customer demands effectively. Overall, our IT capabilities are integral to our operational flexibility and strategic management practices, influencing our ability to innovate and maintain competitive advantage in the semiconductor and infrastructure software markets.