We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes, defense, space & security, and global services - supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, epidemics, and environmental regulations. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. Our information technology teams are evaluating opportunities to form or expand strategic partnerships with vendors that allow us to simplify and optimize our operations and reduce overall costs. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on market demand have created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in inventory. We may need to recognize additional costs associated with remarketing and/or reconfiguring aircraft in inventory, which may reduce revenue and/or earnings in future periods. The commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements. We are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties related to the 737 MAX, including uncertainties regarding the timing and conditions of regulatory approvals, lower than planned production rates, and potential outcomes of various legal proceedings and government investigations. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. We continue to monitor federal, state, and municipal health authorities for new or modified guidance and requirements concerning the COVID-19 pandemic, and we may be required to impose additional operational restrictions and/or suspend operations at key production sites based on these requirements and recommendations. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and workflows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We have and are continuing to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries.