BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The investment management industry is highly competitive, and BlackRock competes based on a number of factors including investment performance, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock's competitive success. Aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading, and operations tools on a single platform. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock's Aladdin platform provides clients with an ability to manage portfolios and risk across public and private asset classes on a single platform. The introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, continues to alter the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require BlackRock to invest more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive. BlackRock's ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands, and develop, market, and manage new investment products and services is critical to its financial performance. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. BlackRock's digital wealth tools are an important component of its retail strategy, as the company scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management. The company has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice across BlackRock and plans to accelerate those efforts. BlackRock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. The failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of BlackRock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside BlackRock's control, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth. A cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures, and capabilities could disrupt operations and lead to financial losses and reputational harm. BlackRock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt BlackRock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of personal, confidential, or proprietary information. The company must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the Aladdin platform.