We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by our workforce, others with authorized access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems, portable media, or storage devices. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. While we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. The integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash. The attention of certain members of our management and our resources will be at times focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business. Events outside our control, including changes in regulation and laws as well as economic trends, also could adversely affect our ability to realize the expected benefits from this acquisition. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. With our more focused portfolio, investors are placing heightened scrutiny on some of our products or late-stage compounds. We have, however, experienced setbacks and may continue to do so as there are further developments in our clinical studies. The covid-19 pandemic is affecting how we operate our business. If the negative impact from the covid-19 pandemic extends beyond our assumed timelines, our results may be worse than expected. The full extent of the impact will depend on future developments, such as the ultimate duration and the severity of the spread of covid-19 in the U.S. and globally, the effectiveness of federal, state, local, and foreign governments' mitigation actions, the pandemic's impact on the U.S. and global economies, as well as factors affecting healthcare and the delivery of medicines to patients. We could face additional risks from the impact of covid-19 on our suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties that we rely on to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote, and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, IT, and other business unit and functional services.