Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development pipeline, and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Our ability to manufacture our products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our employees. The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant operational challenges, including site shutdowns and workplace disruptions, which adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, and results of operations. Our operations, financial performance, and cash flows have been negatively impacted by the pandemic, which has resulted in a global slowdown of economic activity and disruptions in global supply chains. We expect that the longer the period of economic and global supply chain disruption continues, the more material the cumulative adverse impact will be on our business operations. Our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives successfully remains uncertain and difficult to predict. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The medical device markets in which we participate are characterized by extensive research and development and rapid technological change. Developments by other companies of products and/or services, processes, or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. It is necessary for us to devote continued efforts and financial resources to the development or acquisition of scientifically advanced technologies and products. We also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states amenable to treatment using our products. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments, or alliances will depend on our ability to identify suitable opportunities, manage acquisition opportunities within our capital capacity, finance any future acquisition on acceptable terms, and successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses. We have implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work-from-home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. We rely on information technology systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products, and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions, or other breaches, could result in unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property, or other misappropriation of assets. We believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations, but there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations.