Citi's expenses reflected continued investments in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment. The company is embarking on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change Citi's business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi's value to customers, clients, and shareholders. One part of the broader transformation effort involves compliance with the federal reserve board and OCC consent orders, which require acceptable plans relating principally to various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management, governance, and internal controls. Citi has centralized its program management under the leadership of a chief administrative officer organization and is making the strengthening of its risk and control environment a further strategic priority for the company. The institutional clients group (ICG) operating expenses increased, largely driven by investments in infrastructure and risk management and controls, higher compensation costs, operational losses related to certain legal matters, and volume-driven growth. The increase in net credit losses was largely driven by write-offs across various sectors, primarily reflecting energy and energy-related exposures, and was partially offset by the release of previously established allowance for credit losses (ACL) reserves. The increase in the ACL build was driven by builds during the first half of 2020, reflecting the impact of a deterioration in Citi's macroeconomic outlook under the current expected credit loss (CECL) standard. The builds included an increase in the qualitative management adjustment to reflect the potential for a higher level of stress and a slower economic recovery. The economic outlook for 2021 reflects continued challenges and uncertainties related to the pandemic, including the duration and severity of the public health crisis and associated economic impacts, which have created a more volatile operating environment that will continue to negatively impact Citi's businesses and results. Citi's strategy is to leverage its global footprint and digital capabilities to develop multi-product relationships with customers, focusing on optimizing clients' experiences across lending, payments, and wealth management through continued digitization, new partnerships, and innovation. The company continues to engage closely with customers and clients, regulators, and other relevant stakeholders to assure alignment on all pandemic-related matters. The majority of Citi colleagues are working remotely, and the company has implemented new protocols to make work environments as safe as possible. The operational response to the pandemic has involved prioritizing critical processing and ensuring the ability of staff and third parties to support these processes from remote work locations, as well as the deployment of new hardware to support technology needs. Throughout the crisis, Citi has worked closely with U.S. authorities and host governments on implementing immediate policy responses and financial assistance structures to mitigate the systemic impacts of the pandemic. The company's ongoing investment in technology and infrastructure is aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business transformation initiatives.