In addition, we rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats—from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks, and data—are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity, and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those managed or provided by third parties, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While various procedures and controls have been and are being utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented and are implementing, or which we cause or have caused third-party service providers to implement, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information, or other property. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events, to date, have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such security threats, the potential impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. Furthermore, the amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover claims or liabilities relating to a cybersecurity attack. In addition, data we collect, store, and process is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation that became effective in May 2018, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance. We may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation, and other liabilities. Risks associated with our past or future acquisitions also include the failure to achieve the acquisition's revenue or profit forecast, unforeseen expenses, delays or conditions imposed upon the acquisition, unforeseen difficulties in integrating operations, processes, and systems, and higher than expected investments required to implement necessary compliance processes and related systems, including information technology systems, accounting systems, and internal controls over financial reporting.