Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. We continue to seek ways to enhance the value of our businesses, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by investing in peacock as the media and entertainment landscape rapidly evolves. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on the extent of restrictive governmental measures taken that affect day-to-day life and the length of time that such measures remain in place. Changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms for viewing content continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. We have attempted to adapt our video service offerings and enhance our high-speed internet services for changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying the x1 and sky q platforms, which more easily aggregate content from linear and direct-to-consumer streaming services for our customers. Our distribution network performed well under the stress of increased traffic and peak usage driven by increased video streaming, gaming, and videoconferencing as customers worked and learned remotely from home. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property to use various technologies, conduct our operations, and sell our products and services. Cyber threats and attacks directed at our network and information systems are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and our businesses may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring due to the nature of our businesses. We maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form, and security breaches could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. Our businesses implemented separate cost savings initiatives, with the most significant relating to severance at nbcuniversal in connection with the realignment of the operating structure in our television businesses as well as overall reductions in the cost base. We expect to continue to invest in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment and to deploy wireless gateways, our x1 platform, and cloud DVR technology. Our capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, and the timing and rate of deployment of new services. We believe our customer base will continue to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings. The increase in revenue in 2020 was primarily due to an increase in the number of residential high-speed internet customers and an increase in average rates. We expect that our programming expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in 2021 compared to 2020 due to the timing of contract renewals.