Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. We cannot assure that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our industry is competitive and we continue to encounter competition in all aspects of our business. The competitive environment to which we are subject is influenced by the efficiency and security of our settlement, clearing and support services; depth and liquidity of our markets; diversity of product offerings including frequency and quality of new product development and innovative services; our ability to position and expand upon existing products to address changing market needs; and technology capability and innovation. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. We are also required to comply with extensive regulations that impose significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces, for a wide range of products, that have the required functionality, performance, availability, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customers. We continue to focus on strategic initiatives to grow our business, including our efforts to serve the OTC markets and to distribute our products and services on a global basis. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. We must continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses could be adversely affected.