The availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital for our business to operate efficiently. Failure to execute complex IT projects and have these IT systems available to our business will adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business on a daily basis, utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory, and produce reports critical for making business decisions. Disruptions in our IT systems could adversely affect our ability to buy products from suppliers, produce goods in manufacturing plants, move products efficiently to warehouses, and sell products to members. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects, and the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and impair day-to-day operations. Given the high volume of transactions processed, it is important to build strong digital resiliency for business-critical systems to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer failures, security breaches, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems would require significant investments to restore services and may cause serious impairment in operations, including loss of business services and increased costs. We are currently making significant investments in enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in execution of these projects could delay our ability to be resilient to disruptive events. Failure to deliver our IT transformation efforts efficiently could result in the loss of competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst evolving threat landscapes and in compliance with emerging privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased IT security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose risks to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some managed by third parties, in connection with various business activities. Operating these IT systems and networks securely is critical to our business operations and strategy. The increased use of remote work infrastructure due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased possible attack surfaces. Cybersecurity attacks pose risks to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. It is possible that our IT systems could have vulnerabilities that may go unnoticed. While our cybersecurity posture seeks to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that implemented actions will be sufficient to protect our systems and information. The potential impacts of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and increased cybersecurity protection costs. We are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, which govern the security surrounding the storage, processing, and transmission of individual cardholder data. If our internal systems are breached, we may incur significant costs and lose our ability to accept card payments, adversely affecting our business and operating results. Our business depends heavily on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots, which rely on effective IT systems for tracking and managing inventory and logistics.