Our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused economic and financial disruptions globally. The pandemic has driven organizations across the globe to digitize their operations and support remote workforces at a faster speed and greater scale than ever before. We are focused on providing the technology and solutions our customers need to accelerate their digital organizations. The recent shift to a remote working environment creates challenges, impacting the ability of our employees and vendors to work with the same speed and productivity in certain areas. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services in various sectors, along with IT-related capital spending reductions or shifts in spending focus that could materially adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products and services into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and services. We continue to operate in a challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment, with broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment impacting our commercial and enterprise markets. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model could result in significant restructuring charges. We have been transforming our business to move from selling individual products and services to selling products and services integrated into architectures and solutions, seeking to meet the evolving needs of customers. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated, and intelligent platforms for our customers. We must commit significant resources, including investments in our strategic priorities, to developing new products and services before knowing whether our investments will result in products and services the market will accept. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past that have affected our operations, and we may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers, or capacity problems experienced by our suppliers. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position is critical at this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, and for working capital needs. Our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing are expected to achieve delayed or lower than expected benefits, which could harm our operating results. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial as we navigate these challenges.