The company relies on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners, and patients. These systems support a variety of critical business processes and activities, such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers, and fulfilling contractual obligations. The company’s information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, and evolving customer expectations. The company has experienced and may continue to experience significant cybersecurity risks, including attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, and ransomware, which can adversely affect its business and financial statements. The company’s ability to compete effectively depends on its capacity to innovate and develop new technologies and applications, and to acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies that may have valuable applications in its served markets. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development, and customer-facing resources, particularly in high-growth markets, in order to be responsive to customers and improve operational efficiency. The company’s growth strategy depends in part on its ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and increase the localization of its products and services. The company’s business is sensitive to general economic conditions and slower economic growth in the domestic and/or international markets may adversely affect its business and financial statements. The company faces intense competition and if it is unable to compete effectively, it may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. The company’s growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. The company’s success will depend on its ability to correctly identify customer needs and preferences, allocate research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, and anticipate and respond to competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations. The company’s reliance on collaborative relationships with third parties for development, supply, and marketing of certain products may expose it to risks if collaborative partners do not devote sufficient resources to the success of collaborations or if they fail to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. The company’s information technology systems and data have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and it expects the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. The company’s ability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements is critical, as any inability to do so can result in adverse regulatory consequences, business consequences, and litigation.