The majority of our workforce continues to work remotely in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us, our members or other third parties. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those that we have acquired as a result of our merger and acquisition activities. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards and legal requirements. Failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. We have security technologies, processes and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. However, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including information technology systems. Certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements. A termination of our agreements with, or disruption in the performance of, one or more of these service providers could result in service disruptions or unavailability, reduced service quality and effectiveness, increased or duplicative costs or an inability to meet our obligations to our customers. Our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management and health and wellness programs, innovative product design and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our CMS star ratings is crucial. We have been, and may in the future be subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber attacks and security breaches, which could divert the attention of management from the operation of our business, result in reputational damage and have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our business strategy includes leveraging technology to enhance operational efficiency and improve service delivery, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly evolving market. The integration of technology into our operations is critical for optimizing business processes and enhancing customer relationships. We continue to invest in our technology infrastructure to support our strategic objectives and improve our capability to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands. The ongoing development and enhancement of our information systems are vital for ensuring the reliability and security of our data management practices, which are integral to our operational effectiveness and overall business performance.