The consolidated financial statements of General Electric Company combine the industrial manufacturing and services businesses of GE Industrial with the financial services businesses of GE Capital. We believe that this provides useful information to investors. In 2020, we adopted operational and governance rhythms across the company to coordinate and oversee actions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including an internal task force to protect the health and safety of our employees globally and maintain business continuity. We executed more than $2 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $3 billion in cash preservation actions across the company. Our ability to close transactions, particularly services parts and upgrades, has been impacted by constrained customer budgets and access to financing due to oil prices and economic slowdown. We continue to invest in generating wind turbine product improvements, including larger rotors, taller towers, and higher nameplate ratings that continue to drive down the cost of wind energy, and in exploring new ways to further improve the efficiency and flexibility of our hydropower technology with new innovative turbine designs and digital solutions. Our healthcare segment experienced increased demand for certain types of products and services, including ventilators, monitoring solutions, x-ray, anesthesia, and point-of-care ultrasound product lines, partially offset by decreased demand in other parts of the business. We continue to evaluate strategic options to accelerate the further reduction in the size of GE Capital, some of which could result in material financial charges depending on the timing, negotiated terms, and conditions of any ultimate arrangements. Aviation has taken several business actions to respond to the current adverse environment, including a reduction of approximately 25% of its total global workforce. Aviation's operational and financial performance is impacted by commercial air traffic, shop visit and spare part demand, fleet retirements, and demand for new aircraft. We monitor and forecast each of these factors as part of aviation's long-term planning process, which may result in additional business restructuring actions. Our long-term service agreements with customers predominantly within our power and aviation segments require us to maintain the customers' assets over the contract terms, which generally range from 5 to 25 years. We recognize revenue as we perform under the arrangements using the percentage of completion method based on our costs incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs. We gain insight into future utilization and cost trends, as well as credit risk, through our knowledge of the installed base of equipment and fleet management strategies through close interaction with our customers. We perform our annual goodwill impairment testing in the fourth quarter. The global healthcare market has continued to expand, driven by macro trends relating to growing and aging populations, increasing chronic and lifestyle-related diseases, and accelerating demand for healthcare in emerging markets. Our products and technologies harness resources such as oil, gas, fossil, diesel, nuclear, and water to produce electric power and include gas and steam turbines, full balance of plant, upgrade and service solutions, as well as data-leveraging software. We continue to monitor the impact of the pandemic on the renewable energy industry, including electricity consumption forecasts and customer capital expenditure levels, supply chain, availability of financing, and our ability to execute on equipment and long-term projects.