We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers, or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, including during the pandemic. Cyberattacks include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering, and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity, and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. There can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, to invest in the protection of information technology infrastructure and data will prevent future service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that became effective in Europe in 2018 established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the gdpr may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. In addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act ("ccpa") that became effective in January 2020, and others that may be passed, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with ccpa may result in liability through private actions and enforcement. The gdpr, ccpa, and other changes, or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, including in some cases healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by FDA, EMA, and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. We have filed, and anticipate that we will file, for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products over the next several years. These and any future marketing applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all. Even if marketing approval is granted for these products, there may be significant limitations on their use. We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product candidates under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license, or acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful.