Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. Cyber attacks and similar threats could impair our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage our reputation and cause losses. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. Our strategy with respect to Brexit may not be effective, and we have experienced considerable change in the regulatory framework that governs transactions and business undertaken by our U.K. subsidiaries in the E.U. Our investment in technology and human capital resources in connection with our consumer-oriented activities may not be successful or have returns similar to our other businesses. We have increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities, which exposes us to additional compliance, legal and regulatory risk, including with respect to know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and reporting requirements. Our liquidity position during 2020 remained strong, as our GCLA averaged $283 billion for the year. We have continued to access our traditional funding sources in the normal course and service our debt and other obligations on a timely basis. We are also subject to extensive regulation and supervision worldwide. The financial services industry is highly competitive, and the growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology has increased competition. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including transaction execution, our products and services, innovation, reputation, creditworthiness and price. Our ability to attract new talented and diverse employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees is critical to our performance. We have seen increased competition in hiring and retaining employees to address the demands of new regulatory requirements, expanding consumer-oriented businesses and our technology initiatives. Our management of liquidity risk includes holding sufficient excess liquidity in the form of GCLA to cover outflows during a stressed period, maintaining appropriate asset-liability management and having a viable contingency funding plan. We have established a resolution liquidity adequacy and positioning framework, which estimates liquidity needs of our major subsidiaries in a stressed environment. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes and people, with a focus on effective risk management being critical to our success.