Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access—underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The global pandemic has created significant increased demand for our respiratory PPE and additional demand for online shopping services, bolstering demand for our warehouse automation services. The company has developed product software designs that are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but despite these efforts, if our products and services that include IoT solutions do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of our investment in research, development, and engineering, which could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Our cybersecurity protections and mandated cybersecurity standards in our products are increasingly required by customers, including the U.S. government. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. The company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. The company has a comprehensive offering of products and services, including software and technologies, that are sold to a variety of customers in multiple end markets. The company recognizes revenue arising from performance obligations outlined in contracts with its customers that are satisfied at a point in time and over time. The disaggregation of our revenue based on timing of recognition is consistent with how management reviews the businesses, makes investing and resource allocation decisions, and assesses operating performance. The company's IT capabilities are integral to its operational efficiency and effectiveness, enabling it to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands while maintaining competitive positioning and business strategy alignment.