We are a provider of marketplace infrastructure, data services and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations and government entities. Our products span major asset classes including futures, equities, fixed income and U.S. residential mortgages, providing our customers with access to mission-critical workflow tools designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our exchanges segment operates regulated marketplaces for the listing, trading and clearing of a broad array of derivatives contracts and financial securities. In our fixed income and data services segment, we provide fixed income pricing, reference data, indices and execution services as well as global credit default swap clearing and multi-asset class data delivery solutions. Our mortgage technology segment offers an end-to-end technology platform that addresses inefficiencies in the U.S. residential mortgage market. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class, increasing our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 48% in 2020. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integrations and other investments. Our mortgage technology revenues increased significantly in 2020, primarily due to the acquisition of Ellie Mae, a cloud-based technology solution provider for the mortgage finance industry. Ellie Mae provides technology solutions to participants in the mortgage supply chain, enabling the secure management of data exchange across the mortgage ecosystem while adhering to compliance requirements. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for mortgage transactions, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information. Revenues from origination technology are based on recurring software as a service subscription fees, with an additive success-based pricing fee as lenders exceed the number of loans closed included in their base subscription. Our network and closing solutions provide connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitate secure information exchange among customers and third-party service providers. We have also entered into foreign currency hedging transactions to mitigate a portion of our foreign exchange risk exposure. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally, but our businesses have remained operational, and we have implemented contingency plans to ensure business continuity. We continue to monitor local government mandates regarding office operations and employee safety. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, available sources for financing activities, required and discretionary technology and clearing initiatives, regulatory requirements, and the timing and introduction of new products. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future.