The company relies on both internal technology (IT) systems and those of third parties and their vendors to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats affect the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, the potential for adverse impact exists, which could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The company’s business depends on its ability to recruit and retain talented, highly skilled employees and a diverse workforce, which is critical to developing and delivering successful products and services. The company is committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high-quality and innovative products, which is essential for addressing the evolving health care needs of patients, providers, and consumers. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. The company’s strategic operations and allocation of resources are overseen by the executive committee, which coordinates activities across its business segments. The company continues to leverage its global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers to ensure adequate and effective distribution. The company has robust business continuity plans across its global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of COVID-19, and these efforts may not completely prevent adverse effects on the business. The company faces uncertainties related to its efforts to develop a COVID-19 vaccine candidate, including risks associated with clinical trial data and the ability to create or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis. The company is also subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices, which may impose additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions. The company’s reliance on third parties for manufacturing certain products includes risks associated with regulatory compliance and quality assurance, which could result in delays and increased costs. The company’s information management capability is critical in providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals.