Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. The outbreak of covid-19 has caused severe economic contractions around the world and adversely impacted businesses in many industries. Difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. We also face operational risk from transactions not being properly recorded, evaluated, or accounted for in our funds. Our public markets business line is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our and our third-party service providers' information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be able to adequately protect the information of our individual fund investors or global atlantic's policyholders, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks. The costs of maintaining such systems and technology may increase from our current level. Cyber-security failures and data security breaches may disrupt or have a material adverse impact on our businesses, operations, and investments. We rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber-security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. The covid-19 pandemic has exacerbated these risks due to heavier reliance on online communication and remote working environments. Global atlantic's business is also materially affected by conditions in the capital markets and the U.S. economy generally, as well as by the global economy to the extent it affects the U.S. economy. Global atlantic's insurance business is operated by global atlantic, which we acquired on February 1, 2021. Global atlantic's ability to grow is dependent on the sufficiency of its capital base to support that growth. Global atlantic must invest additional assets, and if it is unable to take advantage of investment opportunities to support its growth and adequately manage its investments, its financial condition and results of operations in the future could be less favorable than in historical periods. Global atlantic's growth strategy includes reinsurance of insurance obligations written by unaffiliated insurance companies, and its ability to consummate these transactions on acceptable terms is uncertain. Global atlantic's ability to continue to offer and sell products that its customers find attractive depends on its ability to maintain good working relationships with various regulatory authorities. If those relationships and that reputation were to deteriorate, global atlantic's businesses could be materially adversely affected. The investment management business is intensely competitive, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. We compete as an investment manager for both fund investors and investment opportunities. Our competitors may have greater financial, technical, marketing, and other resources and more personnel than we do, and some may have longer operating histories, more established relationships, greater expertise, or better reputation.