The company relies on networks and information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and the business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or security breaches. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations, user errors, network or hardware failures, malicious software, or cyberattacks. The company continues to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance, and training of company personnel to address risks to its information systems. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. The digital evolution is affecting how the company interacts with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, and other business partners, and the company believes that its future success will depend in part on its ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. One of the top priorities is to digitize the coca-cola system by creating more relevant and personalized experiences wherever the system interacts with consumers, finding ways to create more powerful digital tools and capabilities for retail customers, and digitizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics, and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. The company has developed systemwide knowledge-sharing routines and processes, which include the management of any supply chain challenges. The company is focusing on enhancing its core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership, and franchise leadership to support its ability to emerge stronger from the COVID-19 pandemic. The company is also investing in new capabilities to capitalize on emerging shifts in consumer behaviors that may last beyond the crisis. The company has experienced temporary disruptions in certain concentrate production operations and has taken measures to protect its employees and facilities around the world. The company has implemented a disciplined approach to local experimentation and is streamlining the innovation pipeline through initiatives that are scalable regionally or globally. The company is increasing investments in e-commerce to support retailer and meal delivery services, shifting toward package sizes that are fit-for-purpose for online sales, and shifting more consumer and trade promotions to digital. The company has identified key objectives to navigate the pandemic and position itself to emerge stronger, including winning more consumers, gaining market share, and maintaining strong system economics. The company is leveraging the crisis as a catalyst to accelerate its strategy and to begin to deliver against these objectives. The company believes that improved productivity is essential to achieving its long-term growth objectives and is continuously searching for productivity opportunities in its business. The company recognizes that the success of its business depends on its ability to attract, develop, retain, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, as well as on its success in nurturing a culture that supports its growth and aligns employees around the company's purpose. The company is committed to meeting evolving consumer product and shopping preferences and generating new growth through its evolving portfolio of beverage brands and products, including numerous low- and no-calorie products, new product offerings, and innovative and sustainable packaging.