Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria continues to make investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. These safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. To date, interruptions of Altria's information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational, and while the tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several manufacturing facilities, they resumed operations under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems, but continues to monitor these factors. Altria's investment in Juul subjects it to non-competition obligations restricting it from investing or engaging in the e-vapor business other than through Juul, which may limit its strategic options. The expected benefits of the Juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to operational risks, competitive risks, and regulatory and legislative risks. Altria has considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business and its investments, including Juul, and will continue to monitor these impacts in its quarterly valuations. The company faces significant competition in the tobacco industry, which requires it to anticipate and respond to evolving adult consumer preferences, develop, manufacture, market and distribute new and innovative products that appeal to adult consumers, and improve productivity. Altria's subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce health risks, which may adversely affect their ability to grow new revenue streams and put them at a competitive disadvantage. The reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors, and distribution chain service providers presents risks that could have a material adverse effect on the business.