The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, modification of critical data, and/or failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company has implemented measures to enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is to protect against future cyber-attacks and improve the speed of recovery from such attacks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks. The company depends on third parties, including suppliers and third-party service providers, for key aspects of its business, including support for its information technology systems. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, including reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements that could materially adversely affect the company's business. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and competitors' products, which may be safer or more effective, more convenient to use, or more effectively marketed. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of its key products. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with cost-reduction measures taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company actively monitors the business development landscape for growth opportunities that meet its strategic criteria. The company is committed to investing in its pipeline and enhancing its IT capabilities to support its business strategies and operational efficiency.