The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to ensure that policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge. The firm maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments, which include institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management, providing a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The firm’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported. The firm’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, which includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the firm. The firm’s internal control over financial reporting provides reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of firm assets that could have a material effect on the firm’s financial statements. The firm’s management assessed the effectiveness of the firm’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, and believes that it maintained effective internal control over financial reporting. The firm’s independent registered public accounting firm has audited and issued a report on the firm’s internal control over financial reporting. The firm’s IT governance framework supports the strategic management practices necessary for effective resource allocation and operational efficiency. The firm’s IT architecture is designed to enhance connectivity and facilitate the management of interfirm transactions and relationships, which is critical for maintaining competitive advantage in the evolving market dynamics. The firm’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities underscores the importance of IT capability in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The firm’s investment decisions are influenced by the need for operational flexibility and the strategic alignment of technology resources with business objectives. The firm’s focus on information management capability ensures the provision of data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions.
On June 27, 2019, the Federal Reserve published summary results of CCAR and the firm received a non-objection to its 2019 capital plan. The firm's 2019 capital plan included a share repurchase of up to $6.0 billion of its outstanding common stock during the period beginning July 1, 2019, through June 30, 2020. On March 15, 2020, the Financial Services Forum announced that each of its eight member banks, including the firm, had voluntarily suspended their share repurchase programs. As a result, $1.7 billion of share repurchase authorization expired unused on June 30, 2020. On June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve published summary results of CCAR and announced that large BHCs, including the firm, generally would be restricted in making share repurchases during the third quarter, and on September 30, 2020, the restrictions were extended through the fourth quarter of 2020. On December 18, 2020, the Federal Reserve published summary results of the second round of supervisory stress tests for each large BHC, including the firm, and permitted the resumption of share repurchases in the first quarter of 2021. The firm will post any amendments to the code of ethics and business conduct, and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or the New York Stock Exchange LLC, on the webpage. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law, and whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual remedies. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for the firm. The firm is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management. Morgan Stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions, and individuals. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements through the date of this report and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that its policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law, and whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual remedies. The firm's significant regulated U.S. and international subsidiaries include Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, E*TRADE Securities LLC, and others.