Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The effects of the public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 outbreak and the measures being taken to limit COVID-19's spread are uncertain and difficult to predict, but may include negative impacts to our operations, including reductions in production levels, R&D activities, product development, technology transitions, yield enhancement activities, and qualification activities with our customers. We may be unable to continue or resume construction projects due to delays in obtaining materials, equipment, labor, engineering services, government permits, or any other essential aspect of projects, which could impact our ability to introduce new technologies, reduce costs, or meet customer demand. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive, and we face intense competition from companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. As a result, we may have work in process or finished goods inventories that could become obsolete or in amounts that are in excess of our customers' demand. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. We estimate capital expenditures in 2021 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, will be approximately $9 billion, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. The process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and performance, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. We cannot predict how the steps we, our team members, government entities, suppliers, or customers take in response to the COVID-19 outbreak will ultimately impact our business, outlook, or results of operations. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products, which involves significant risk and uncertainties. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our inability to protect our intellectual property or retain key employees who are knowledgeable of and develop our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations, and the global supply chain of the technology industry, are subject to a number of risks, including the effects of actions and policies of various governments across our global operations and supply chain. We are subject to allegations of anticompetitive conduct, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.