We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. Our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Oracle Cloud software-as-a-service and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including via our cloud-based offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. Our products and services, including our Oracle Cloud services, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data, external data, as well as our own data. We have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies. However, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. We may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period after the security breach. We could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of our customers' or suppliers' data, other external data, or our own data or our IT systems. The conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have adversely affected our customers' willingness to purchase our products and delayed prospective customers' purchasing decisions. Our cloud and license business engages in the sale and marketing of our applications and infrastructure technologies that are delivered through various deployment models. We continue to place significant emphasis on direct sales through our own sales force and also market certain of our offerings through indirect channels. Our cloud services deliver applications and infrastructure technologies on a subscription basis via cloud-based deployment models that we develop, provide unspecified updates and enhancements for, host, manage, and support. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future because acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy.