Our success depends on our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. As a result, if we do not handle these transitions effectively and bring such innovations to market with the requisite speed and agility, the quality of our products, our relationships with our customers and agents, and our business prospects may be materially adversely affected. We must effectively manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses. These risks include our increasing reliance on third-party systems including "cloud computing" environments and applications, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, our understanding of the operations and needs of significant customers, and the availability of very large volumes of data (i.e., big data) and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences with the speed and agility that may be required; require us to modify our business practices, adopt new systems, or upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense; and lead to increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications, to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to "cyber attacks" by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information. These efforts include internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. In addition, we seek to protect the security and confidentiality of information provided to our vendors under cloud computing or other arrangements through appropriate risk evaluation, security and financial due diligence, contracts designed to require high security and confidentiality standards, and review of third-party compliance with the required standards. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities, or the inability of large numbers of our employees to communicate in our current work-from-home environment, for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. In addition, many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems; an interruption of service from a third-party system for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions. If sustained or repeated, and if an alternate system, process, or vendor is not immediately available to us, such events could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process policies, provide customer service, resolve claims in a timely manner, make payments when required, or perform other necessary business functions. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects, as well as cause damage to our brand and customer goodwill.