We increasingly rely on third-party resources to manufacture some of our products and product parts (particularly, the electronic devices and accessories) and to provide services, including to support our finance and information technology processes. While many of these arrangements improve efficiencies and decrease our operating costs, they also diminish our direct control. Such diminished control may have an adverse effect on the quality of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration with the intent to corrupt them or our failure to adhere to strict data governance and cybersecurity protocols and to comply with privacy laws and regulations could result in business disruption, loss of reputation, litigation and regulatory action, and loss of revenue, assets or personal or other confidential data. We use information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, consumers, customers and others. Some of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we work with our internal specialists and these third-party service providers to protect these systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of these systems to function as intended, or penetration of these systems by parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our profit growth may be adversely impacted if we are unable to introduce new products or enter new markets successfully, to raise prices or to improve the proportion of our sales of higher margin products and in higher margin geographies. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. As we are increasingly relying on digital platforms in our business, and as privacy laws in the jurisdictions in which we do business become more stringent, the magnitude of these risks is likely to increase. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards may not be effective to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. Significant risks include our diminished ability to convert adult smokers to our reduced-risk products, significant volume declines in our duty-free business and certain other key markets, disruptions or delays in our manufacturing and supply chain, increased currency volatility, and delays in certain cost saving, transformation and restructuring initiatives. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, higher tobacco product taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between retail price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products and restricts adult consumer access to truthful and non-misleading information about our reduced-risk products.