Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, which affect our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in support of business strategies. The covid-19 pandemic has significantly increased global economic and demand uncertainty, impacting our operational capabilities and the ability to perform on our obligations to customers. We have experienced operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety, workplace disruptions, and restrictions on the movement of people and goods, which could hinder or delay our production capabilities and impede our ability to perform on our obligations to our customers. Our reliance on suppliers and the potential for their financial distress or bankruptcy could also adversely affect our operational flexibility and resource allocation. The integration of advanced technologies in our products and services involves risks, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements due to uncertainties in development and production schedules. Our ability to realize anticipated benefits from technological advancements depends on various factors, including execution of internal and external performance plans and the performance of suppliers and subcontractors. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities against cybersecurity threats, which include attacks on our IT infrastructure and that of our customers and suppliers. Cybersecurity threats could disrupt our systems or those of third parties, impacting business operations and resulting in unauthorized release of confidential information. Our business is also subject to risks related to compliance with extensive and evolving procurement rules and regulations, which could affect our IT governance and operational effectiveness. The performance of our defense operations is influenced by U.S. Department of Defense budget and spending levels, changes in demand, and the global political environment, which can affect our strategic resource allocation and investment decisions. The evolving nature of government policies and regulations can impact our operational capabilities and market responsiveness. Our financial performance is dependent on the condition of the aerospace industry, which is cyclical in nature and influenced by various factors including economic conditions and competition. Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to audits, which may recommend adjustments to contract prices or payments, affecting our financial condition and operational efficiency. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions to keep our cost structure competitive, which may include workforce reductions and facility consolidations that could impact our IT capability and overall business operations. We also rely on our key personnel to lead with integrity and to meet our high ethical standards, which are vital to maintaining our organizational capabilities and achieving business innovation. The integration of legacy businesses post-merger presents challenges, including managing a larger, more complex combined aerospace and defense business, which could affect our strategic alignment and operational performance.