We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, starbucks cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. Our operations have been and will continue to be disrupted to varying degrees in many markets due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has negatively impacted our business and such impact has been and is expected to continue to be material to our financial results, condition, and outlook. We have accelerated the transformation of our store portfolio by expanding convenience-led formats, which depend heavily on our mobile ordering capabilities. The unauthorized access, use, theft or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial or other data or of Starbucks proprietary or confidential information that is stored in our information systems or by third parties on our behalf could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. Many of our information technology systems contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. We are consistently subject to attempts to compromise our information technology systems. If we or a third party were to experience a material breach of our or such third parties' information technology systems that result in the unauthorized access, theft, use, destruction or other compromises of customers' or employees' data or confidential information of the company stored in such systems, it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our ability to effectively operate and grow our business could be adversely affected by any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third-party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through cyber-attacks. If our incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner, they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Our systems hardware, software and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets.