We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, sales and customer service. Despite our efforts to prevent disruptions to these information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages or system failures. These risks could be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Disruptions to these systems may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, providing training for employees, assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage and strengthening our controls to monitor and mitigate these threats. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act and other international and domestic regulations, could result in additional costs and changes to our business practices. We face operational risks in connection with remote work arrangements, including but not limited to cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages or system failures. Our ability to sell, provide and meet the demand for our services and products, including as a result of potential reinstitution of temporarily-reduced store hours and sales floor closures in our stores and continued travel restrictions, mandatory business closures, and stay-at-home or similar orders, is influenced by our IT capability. We have historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and will likely acquire additional businesses in the future as part of our long-term growth strategy. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions, particularly when the acquired businesses operate in new or foreign markets. We have invested in information technology systems and expenses related to COVID-19, partially offset by currency translation rate changes. The performance coatings group's SG&A increased by $8.7 million for the year primarily due to investments in information technology systems and expenses related to COVID-19. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control, including public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and related impacts. The necessary and appropriate measures we have taken have resulted in additional costs, including for COVID-related leave and related healthcare costs in support of our employees and their families, and have adversely impacted our business and financial performance. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals.