The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution and storage facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including implementation of new technologies, technology system failures, and cyber intrusions. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. The southern company system faces a heightened risk of cyberattack, as there have been attacks and threats of attacks on energy infrastructure by cyber actors. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data or to attempts to disrupt utility and related business operations. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of, or inability to remotely access, one or more key technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. The southern company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws and satisfying related asset retirement obligations are significant, and compliance with existing environmental requirements involves substantial capital and operating costs. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant. The strategy to achieve goals related to carbon emissions relies on continuing to pursue a diverse portfolio including low-carbon and carbon-free resources and energy efficiency resources; continuing research and development with a particular focus on technologies that lower greenhouse gas emissions; and constructively engaging with policymakers, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders. The traditional electric operating companies and southern power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental modifications to certain existing generating facilities. The completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including challenges with managing contractors and/or vendors, subcontractor performance, and engineering or design problems. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements may lead to operating challenges. The registrants engage in long-term planning processes to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, which must project many years into the future and accommodate the long lead times associated with permitting and construction. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, and adoption patterns of technologies by their customers. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, and rapid advances in power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional electric operating companies and southern power. The registrants are subject to risks related to their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The use of derivative contracts by southern company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of the registrants or in reported net income volatility.