We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. We depend on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and SaaS solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats pose potential risks to the security of our IT systems, networks, and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. A security breach could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training, and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. We may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new global ERP system, which will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, or otherwise operate our business. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of our assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, including risks associated with our IT systems and the potential for cybersecurity breaches. The extent of the impact of these risks on our business will depend on future developments, including the effectiveness of our IT governance and management practices in addressing these challenges.