We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. The covid-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Further reductions in staffing levels could additionally limit our ability to provide services, adversely impacting our competitive position. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and changes in customer expectations, while remaining competitive. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. These efforts will involve significant expenses and require strategic management decisions on, and timely implementation of, equipment choices, network deployment and service offerings. We expect our 2021 results to be impacted by uncertainty in revenues from international wireless roaming services due to reduced travel, particularly in the first quarter, and continued expenses to protect front-line employees, contractors and customers. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes unfavorable to us. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, to changes in the international economy and to the level of regulation on our business and these risks could offset our expected growth opportunities. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. We are taking steps to mitigate the risks from these changes, such as the launch of our HBO Max direct-to-consumer streaming platform and new, enhanced advertising opportunities, but there can be no assurance that these and other efforts will be successful in responding to these changes. Our ability to generate advertising revenue from attractive video content, especially from WarnerMedia, in the face of unpredictable and rapidly evolving public viewing habits and legal restrictions on the use of personal data is critical. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of video, data and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. We are spending significant capital to shift our wired network to software-based technology to manage this demand and are expanding 5G wireless technology to address these consumer demands. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. Our operations and support expenses decreased in 2020, driven by impacts of the pandemic which resulted in lower broadcast and programming costs in our communications and WarnerMedia segments and lower film-related print and advertising costs at WarnerMedia. Our strategic services are made up of data services, including our VPN, dedicated internet ethernet and broadband, voice service, including VoIP and cloud-based voice solutions, security and cloud solutions, and managed, professional and outsourcing services. Revenue increases were primarily attributable to growth in our security and cloud solutions, dedicated internet and voice services and the impact of higher demand for connectivity due to the pandemic. Our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our new HBO Max platform is subject to inherent uncertainty. If we are unable to successfully compete with competitors in retaining and attracting new subscribers, our business will be adversely affected.