We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data, and we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. While there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents or attacks do occur, we are continually evaluating attackers' techniques and tactics, and we are diligent in our monitoring, training, planning, and prevention. However, due to the rising rates and increasing sophistication of cyber-attacks, an increasingly complex IT supply chain, and the nature of zero-day exploits, we may be unable to anticipate or implement adequate preventative measures to prevent a security breach, including by ransomware, human error, or other cyber-attack methods, from disrupting our systems or the systems of third parties. A successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption; safety failure; other operational difficulties; unauthorized access to (or the loss of access to) competitively sensitive, confidential, or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, which could all have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue to transform our railroad to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Continued implementation of train length initiatives will allow us to add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. We will continue to make structural changes to improve operational performance and efficiency. A more efficient network requires fewer locomotives, freight cars, and other resources. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which could result in or contribute to customer disruptions, an elongated recovery period, or a downturn from our current business levels. Disruptions in our customers' supply chains caused by the pandemic or other factors may have an impact on our shipments. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer to peer throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. We rely on technology improvements in our business operations, and our ability to effectively support business needs through IT capability has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force.