We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our franchise locations and businesses we have acquired also are reliant on the use of information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the collection, storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees and others. Information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors or other catastrophic events. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. Despite our best efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches and system disruptions. We cannot provide any assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future, and our efforts to deter, identify, mitigate and/or eliminate future breaches may require significant additional effort and expense and may not be successful. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including in response to demand for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. Competitors are making significant investments in their capabilities, and some companies combine technologies with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. We must be able to attract, engage, develop and retain a large and diverse global workforce, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining an environment that supports our core values. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous factors, including turnover, training costs, regulatory changes, market pressures, unemployment levels and healthcare and other benefit costs. We also regularly move data across national borders, and consequently we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection and data security. The evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. We believe that we are well positioned for long-term growth; however, we cannot reasonably estimate the duration or severity of the COVID-19 pandemic or the timing and extent of the anticipated economic recovery, and the resulting impacts on our business results or liquidity. We have a combination of both self-insurance and high-deductible insurance programs for the risks arising out of the services we provide and the nature of our global operations. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. A significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us. We depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third-parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services.