As a global payments technology company, we facilitate digital payments across a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities through innovative technologies. Our advanced transaction processing network enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, our brands, our competitive positioning, and our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services. The global payments space is intensely competitive, with technology evolving and new competitors or methods of payment emerging. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, global or multi-regional networks, other domestic and closed-loop payments systems, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through e-commerce and mobile channels. We face increasing competition from our clients, emerging payment providers such as fintechs, and technology companies that have developed payment systems enabled through online activity in e-commerce and mobile channels. Our competitors may develop substantially better technology, have more widely adopted delivery channels, or have greater financial resources. They may offer more effective, innovative, or a wider range of programs, products, and services. Moreover, even if we successfully adapt to technological change and the proliferation of alternative types of payment services by developing and offering our own services in these areas, such services may provide less favorable financial terms for us than we currently receive from transactions, which could hurt our financial results and prospects. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity and in-app payment technologies, e-commerce, tokenization, cryptocurrencies, distributed ledger and blockchain technologies, and new authentication technologies. As innovations in payment technology have enabled us to expand into new products and services, they have also expanded the potential scope of regulatory influence. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The risks created by a new law, regulation, or regulatory outcome in one jurisdiction have the potential to be replicated and to negatively affect our business in another jurisdiction or in other product offerings. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, and thereby compete effectively in the marketplace. Our ability to do so may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies pertaining to transaction routing or onshore processing. We are also subject to central bank oversight in some markets, which could result in new governance, reporting, licensing, cybersecurity, processing infrastructure, capital, or credit risk management requirements. The global economic, political, market, health, and social events or conditions may harm our business. Our revenues are dependent on the volume and number of payment transactions made by consumers, governments, and businesses whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic, political, market, health, and social events or conditions.