To compete effectively in today's dynamic marketplace, we are focused on the capabilities of our high-performing networks to drive growth based on delivering what customers want and need in the new digital world. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, invest in the fiber that supports our businesses, evolve and maintain our networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that steady and consistent investments in our networks and platforms will drive innovative products and services and fuel our growth. We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation (4G) and fifth-generation (5G) wireless networks. We expect that our next-generation multi-use platform, which we call the intelligent edge network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology, and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. Our network leadership is the hallmark of our brand and the foundation for the connectivity, platforms, and solutions upon which we build our competitive advantage. We continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber, and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. We are evolving the architecture of our networks to a next-generation multi-use platform, providing improved efficiency and virtualization, increased automation, and opportunities for edge computing services that will support both our fiber-based and radio access network technologies. The deployment of our 5G network is subject to a variety of risks, including those related to equipment and spectrum availability, unexpected costs, and regulatory permitting requirements that could cause deployment delays or network performance issues. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on, among other things, our network quality, capacity and coverage, the pricing of our products and services, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. Our industries are rapidly changing as new technologies are developed that offer consumers an array of choices for their communications needs and allow new entrants into the markets we serve. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. We expect to continue to grow our Fios internet connections as we seek to increase our penetration rates within our Fios service areas, further supported by the demand for higher-speed internet connections. We will continue to explore opportunities for additional savings beyond our business excellence initiatives, which aim to take $10 billion of cumulative cash outflows out of the business over four years. Our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services will provide our customers with an efficient, reliable infrastructure for competing in the information economy. We expect that the new network architecture will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, improve our 4G LTE coverage, speed the deployment of 5G technology, and create new enterprise opportunities in the business market.