The retail business continues to rapidly evolve and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping. Our strategy, which includes investments in ecommerce and technology, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our ecommerce business or maintain our overall market position. The success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience for our customers. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, and our online operations. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. If our systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. The technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online must function effectively; otherwise, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our omni-channel business globally, could be materially adversely affected. Our digital platforms are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Cyber threats and cyberattackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of hackers with a wide range of motives and expertise. We have experienced and continue to experience threats to data and systems, including attempts to misappropriate customer information and cause system failures and disruptions. The increased use of remote work infrastructure due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in transactions, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. Our compliance programs, information technology, and enterprise risk management efforts cannot eliminate all systemic risk. Disruptions in our systems caused by security breaches or cyberattacks could harm our ability to conduct our operations, which may have a material effect on us, may result in losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations, or may have a cascading effect that adversely impacts our partners, third-party service providers, customers, financial services firms, and other third parties that we interact with on a regular basis. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory, and reduce costs. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers.