item 1a. risk factors factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known or as facts and circumstances change. any of the risks described below could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
insurance our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters.
we have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events, including pandemics. this could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and accident and health (a&h) products. catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, drought, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. 2017 witnessed a particularly significant set of catastrophes, principally in the form of hurricanes harvey, irma and maria; the mexican earthquakes; and the california wildfires. the incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. in addition, climate conditions may be changing, primarily through changes in global temperatures, which may increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future. we cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. additionally, we cannot predict how legal, regulatory and/or social responses to concerns around global climate change may impact our business. the occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. the historical incidence for events such as earthquakes, pandemics and cyber-attacks is infrequent and may not be representative of contemporary exposures and risks. as an example, increases in the values and concentrations of insured property may increase the severity of these occurrences in the future. although we attempt to manage our exposure to such events through the use of underwriting controls, risk models, and the purchase of third-party reinsurance, catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events when they occur could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. as a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
if actual claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected.
our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. we establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have
18
occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. the process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments.
actuarial staff in each of our segments regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves. any such evaluation could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverables and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. during the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known which may result in a change in overall reserves. in addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time.
included in our loss reserves are liabilities for latent claims such as asbestos and environmental (a&e), which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. at december 31, 2017, gross a&e liabilities represented approximately 3.5 percent of our loss reserves. the estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which it has no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes, may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. in particular the amount and timing of the settlement of our p&c liabilities are not determinate and our actual payments could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impact of insurance, judicial decisions, and/or social inflation. if our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced.
the effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.
as industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technology and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. these issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. in some instances, these changes may not become apparent until after we have issued insurance or reinsurance contracts that are affected by the changes. as a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.
the failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations. we also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. in addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. in the case of our assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. in proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. we also seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits.
however, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that could result in loss levels that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. it is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. additionally, various provisions of our policies, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. as a result, one or more natural catastrophes and/or terrorism or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
19
we may be unable to purchase reinsurance, and/or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment.
we purchase protection from third parties including, but not limited to, reinsurance to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. a reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured. from time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs.
there is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. in addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. consequently, the insolvency of these counterparties, or the inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. at december 31, 2017, we had $15.2 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables.
certain active chubb companies are primarily liable for a&e and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company century indemnity company (century). at december 31, 2017, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to century were approximately $1.4 billion. should century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from century to its affiliates would be payable only after the payment in full of third party expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables would be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. while we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from century are not impaired at this time, we cannot assure that adverse development with respect to century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in century's insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss to the extent of any uncollectible reinsurance from century. this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our net income may be volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance business expose us to reserve and fair value liability changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions.
our pricing, establishment of reserves for future policy benefits and valuation of life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including but not limited to equity market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. the process of establishing reserves for future policy benefits relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods.  significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for reserves for future policy benefits could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.
under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) and guaranteed living benefits (glb) associated with variable annuity contracts. our glb liability includes guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (gmab). we ceased writing this business in 2007. our net income is directly impacted by changes in the reserves calculated in connection with the reinsurance of gmdb and glb liabilities. in addition, our net income is directly impacted by the change in the fair value of the glb liability. reported liabilities for both gmdb and glb reinsurance are determined using internal valuation models which require considerable judgment and are subject to significant uncertainty. refer to the "critical accounting estimates - guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives" under item 7 and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - reinsurance of gmdb and glb guarantees" under item 7a for additional information on the assumptions used in this program. we view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on both life insurance underwriting income and consolidated net income.
payment of obligations under surety bonds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
the surety business tends to be characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. the majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. when losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer's assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. we have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. in that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds
20
issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. if the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
our exposure to counterparties in various industries, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk.
we have exposure to counterparties through reinsurance and in various industries, including banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. we also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities.
in accordance with industry practice, we generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. however, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk. to date, we have not experienced any material losses related to these credit risks.
under the terms of certain high-deductible policies which we offer, such as workers' compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible to reimburse us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. in nearly all cases we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first, and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. this obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. while we generally seek to mitigate this risk through collateral agreements and maintain a provision for uncollectible accounts associated with this credit exposure, an increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a lack of credit available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.
since we depend on a few distribution partners for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.
we market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide primarily through independent insurance agents and insurance and reinsurance brokers. accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our products to their customers, who may also promote and distribute the products of our competitors. deterioration in relationships with our agent and broker distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors' products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these agents and brokers could have an adverse effect on our business.
financial our investment performance may affect our financial results and our ability to conduct business.
our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the risk & finance committee of the board of directors. although our investment guidelines stress diversification of risks and conservation of principal and liquidity, our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. the volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if significant, can affect our ability to conduct business.
volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. although we take measures to manage the risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. a significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. for the life insurance business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a re-balancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position.
21
as stated, our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. however, a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 13 percent at december 31, 2017, is invested in below investment-grade securities. these securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. while we have put in place procedures to monitor the credit risk and liquidity of our invested assets, it is possible that, in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
as a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess whether the debt and equity securities we hold for which we have recorded an unrealized loss have been "other-than-temporarily impaired" under gaap, which implies an inability to recover the full economic benefits of these securities. refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. this analysis requires a high degree of judgment and requires us to make certain assessments about the potential for recovery of the assets we hold. declines in relevant stock and other financial markets, and other factors impacting the value of our investments, could result in impairments and could adversely affect our net income and other financial results.
we may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.
our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance and capital expenditure obligations, including with respect to acquisitions. we may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase agreements. we also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. in the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our common shares. our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
we may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies.
if our reinsurance liabilities increase, including in our property & casualty and variable annuity reinsurance businesses, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. in addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. the need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. this could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources.
u.s. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
the consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. volatility in the u.s. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price.
a decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among distribution partners and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. a decline in our debt ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets.
ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. the objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. a ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. if one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. we cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies might downgrade our ratings in the future.
22
our ability to pay dividends and/or to make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure.
chubb limited is a holding company and does not have any significant operations or assets other than its ownership of the shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries. dividends and other permitted distributions from our insurance subsidiaries are our primary source of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments and other expenses, and to pay dividends to our shareholders. some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. the inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or meet our debt service obligations.
our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations.
our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. in general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. the principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the british pound sterling, the euro, the mexican peso, the brazilian real, the korean won, the canadian dollar, the japanese yen, the thai baht, the australian dollar, and the hong kong dollar. at december 31, 2017, approximately 27.7 percent of our net assets were denominated in foreign currencies. we may experience losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of non-u.s. currencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
operational the regulatory and political regimes under which we operate, and their volatility, could have an adverse effect on our business.
our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally. our businesses in each jurisdiction are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision. the laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled require, among other things, maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity; various solvency standards; and periodic examinations of subsidiaries' financial condition. in some jurisdictions, laws and regulations also restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. applicable statutes, regulations, and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, to make certain investments, and to distribute funds. the purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. for example, some jurisdictions have enacted various consumer protection laws that make it more burdensome for insurance companies to sell policies and interact with customers in personal lines businesses. failure to comply with such regulations can lead to significant penalties and reputational injury. fines and penalties in the u.s. in particular have been trending upwards.
the foreign and u.s. federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations are complex and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance or subject our business to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. laws and regulations not specifically related to the insurance industry include trade sanctions that relate to certain countries, anti-money laundering laws, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act 2010, the anti-bribery provisions of the swiss penal code and similar local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. the insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial, and legal developments that may create new and expanded regulations and theories of liability. the current economic and financial climates present additional uncertainties and risks relating to increased regulation and the potential for increased involvement of the u.s. and other governments in the financial services industry.
regulators in countries where we have operations are working with the international association of insurance supervisors (iais) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including with respect to group supervision and solvency requirements. the iais has developed a common framework for the supervision of internationally active insurance groups (comframe) which is focused on the effective group-wide supervision of international active insurance groups (iaigs), such as chubb. as part of comframe, the iais has announced plans to develop an international capital standard for insurance groups. the details of comframe including this global capital standard and its applicability to chubb are uncertain at this time. in addition, chubb businesses across the eu are subject to solvency ii, a capital and risk management regime and our bermuda businesses are subject to an equivalent of the eu's solvency ii regime. also applicable to chubb businesses are the requirements of the swiss financial market supervisory authority (finma) whose regulations include swiss solvency tests. there are also risk based capital (rbc) requirements in the u.s. which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. while it is not
23
certain how or if these actions will impact chubb, we do not currently expect that our capital management strategies, results of operations and financial condition will be materially affected by these regulatory changes.
in the event or absence of changes in applicable laws and regulations in particular jurisdictions, we may from time to time face challenges, or changes in approach to oversight of our business from insurance or other regulators, including challenges resulting from requiring the use of information technology that cannot be quickly adjusted to address new regulatory requirements.
we may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, applicable statutes and regulations and any changes thereto, which could have an adverse effect on our business. failure to comply with or obtain appropriate authorizations and/or exemptions under any applicable laws and regulations could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business and could subject us to fines and other sanctions.
evolving privacy and data security regulations could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to numerous u.s. federal and state laws and non-u.s. regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients or employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict.
we are subject to the new york department of financial services' cybersecurity regulation (the nydfs cybersecurity regulation) which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the nydfs to operate in new york. among the requirements are the maintenance of a cybersecurity program with governance controls, risk-based minimum data security standards for technology systems, cyber breach preparedness and response requirements, including reporting obligations, vendor oversight, training, and program record keeping and certification obligations. the nydfs cybersecurity regulation has increased our compliance costs and could increase the risk of noncompliance and subject us to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputation risk.
additionally, on october 24, 2017, the national association of insurance commissioners (naic) adopted an insurance data security model law, which would require licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. the naic model law is similar in many respects to the nydfs cybersecurity regulation. it is not yet known whether or not, and to what extent, states legislatures or insurance regulators where we operate will enact the insurance data security model law in whole or in part, or in a modified form. such enactments, especially if inconsistent between states or with existing laws and regulations could raise compliance costs or increase the risk of noncompliance, with the attendant risk of being subject to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputational harm. any such events could potentially have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we operate in a number of countries outside of the u.s. whose laws may in some cases be more stringent than the requirements in the u.s. for example, european union (eu) member countries have specific requirements relating to cross-border transfers of personal information to certain jurisdictions, including to the u.s. in addition, some countries provide stronger individual rights and have stricter consumer notice and/or consent requirements for the collection, use or sharing of personal information and more stringent requirements relating to organizations' privacy programs. moreover, international privacy and data security regulations may become more complex and have greater consequences.
may 25, 2018 is the date on which enforcement begins for the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") that was adopted by the eu in 2016 as a comprehensive regulation for all eu member states. all of our business units (regardless of whether they are located in the eu) may be subject to the gdpr when personal data is processed in relation to the offer of goods and services to individuals within the eu. our compliance with gdpr will require preparation, expenditures, and ongoing compliance efforts. further, as the gdpr has not yet come into effect, enforcement priorities and interpretation of certain provisions are still unclear. under the gdpr there are penalties for non-compliance which could result in a material fine for certain activities of up to 4 percent of a firm's global annual revenue per violation. our failure to comply with gdpr and other countries' privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could result in significant penalties imposed by regulators, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political uncertainty in the united kingdom and the european union may lead to volatility and/or have an adverse effect on our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom (uk) voted in a national referendum to withdraw from the european union (eu). on march 29, 2017, the uk government gave notice to the eu, under article 50(2) of the treaty on eu, of the uk's intention to
24
withdraw from the eu. the uk is currently in the process of negotiating a withdrawal agreement with the eu. however, a withdrawal agreement may not be concluded and ratified within the time limit specified in article 50(3), in which case the uk may be required to withdraw from the eu without a withdrawal agreement being in force.
the possible exit of the uk (or any other country) from the eu, or prolonged periods of uncertainty relating to such a possibility could result in significant macroeconomic deterioration including, but not limited to, decreases in global stock exchange indices, increased foreign exchange volatility (in particular a further weakening of the pound sterling and euro against other leading currencies), decreased gdp in the uk, and a downgrade of the uk's sovereign credit rating. in addition, these events could push the uk, eurozone, and/or united states into an economic recession any of which, were they to occur, would further destabilize the global financial markets and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we have significant operations in the uk and other eu member states. if the uk leaves the eu as expected in march 2019, we intend to relocate our eu headquarters in france. the decision to choose france as the headquarters for our continental european operations is contingent upon receiving all necessary regulatory and other governmental approvals, which might not be obtained in a timely manner or at all. paris is the principal office for our continental european operations. we have a significant investment there in both financial and human resources, as well as a large portfolio of commercial and consumer insurance business throughout france. following the withdrawal of the uk from the eu, chubb will continue to have a substantial presence in london in addition to its offices and operations across the uk and eu.
the rules governing the eu single market (which is made up of the 27 other eu member states and to some extent, iceland, liechtenstein, and norway (together, the european economic area or eea)) require local risks to be underwritten by a local authorized insurer, an eea authorized insurer or a non-local insurer with the benefit of an eu "passport". as such, uk insurers, including us, are currently able to underwrite risks from the uk into eea member states via a "passport". the uk government has announced that it will not be seeking membership of the eu single market during the withdrawal negotiations. however, there can be no assurance that there will be any agreement between the uk and the eu by the date on which the uk withdraws from the eu, by the end of any transitional period, or at all. in addition, any such free trade agreement may not maintain the passporting rights of uk insurers nor deem relevant uk regulations to be equivalent to those of the eu. in the event that, following the uk's withdrawal from the eu, uk insurers are unable to access the eu single market via a passporting arrangement, a regulatory equivalence regime or other similar arrangement, such insurers may not be able to underwrite risks into eea member states except through local branches incorporated in the eea. such branches might require local authorization, regulatory and prudential supervision, and capital to be deposited. although we have commenced implementation of plans to ensure we would have a locally authorized insurer in the uk as well as an eea authorized insurer able to underwrite risks in eea/eu member states via a "passport", any change to the terms of the uk's access to the eu single market following the withdrawal of the uk from the eu could still have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, lloyd's currently benefits from eu single market passporting arrangements, which allow its syndicates and coverholders (i.e., only those authorized by our managing agency to enter into a contract but only in accordance with specified terms) to write business in eea member states. although lloyd's has announced steps it will take to maintain its passporting rights within the eu, if it is not successful in maintaining those rights, our ability to write business in the eea through lloyd's syndicates and coverholders could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations, expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition.
with operations in 54 countries and territories, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments including law changes, tax changes, changes in trade policies, changes to visa or immigration policies, regulatory restrictions, government leadership changes, political events and upheaval, sociopolitical instability, and nationalization of our operations without compensation. adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could, otherwise, have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.
a failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.
our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service providers. our business depends on effective
25
information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. in an effort to ensure the integrity of such data, we implement new security measures and systems, including the use of confidential intellectual property, and improve or upgrade our existing security measures and systems on a continuing basis. the instances of major cyber incidents have continued to expand in recent years, as exemplified by the 2017 "petya" and "wannacry" ransomware attacks. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and take protective actions to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, and although we additionally endeavor to modify such procedures as circumstances warrant and negotiate agreements with third-party providers to protect our assets, such measures may be insufficient to prevent unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attack, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions (including in relation to new security measures and systems), employee errors or malfeasance, third party (including outsourced service providers) errors or malfeasance, loss of assets and other events that could have security consequences (each, a security event). in some cases, such events may not be immediately detected. as the breadth and complexity of our security infrastructure continues to grow, the potential risk of a security event increases. like other global companies, we have from time to time experienced security events, none of which had, individually or in the aggregate, an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. if additional security events occur, these events may jeopardize chubb's or its clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored within chubb, and transmitted through its computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions, delays, or malfunctions in chubb's, its clients', its counterparties', or third parties' operations, or result in data loss or loss of assets which could result in significant losses, reputational damage or an adverse effect on our operations and critical business functions. chubb may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and to pursue recovery of lost data or assets and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by insurance maintained.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. we are subject to numerous u.s. federal and state laws and regulations in jurisdictions outside the u.s. governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients or employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict. if any person, including any of our employees or those with whom we share such information, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to our client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.
despite the contingency plans and facilities we have in place and our efforts to observe the regulatory requirements surrounding information security, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business in the communities in which we are located, or of outsourced services or functions. this may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by chubb. if a disruption occurs in one location and chubb employees in that location are unable to occupy our offices and conduct business or communicate with or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with clients may suffer and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel.
we use analytical models to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.
we use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. we use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk) and to maintain competitive advantage. the modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. in addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may from time to time contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. if, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency and/or severity of loss events, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
26
we could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key executives or by an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.
our success depends on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. the loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct or grow our business. this risk may be particularly acute for us relative to some of our competitors because some of our senior executives work in countries where they are not citizens and work permit and immigration issues could adversely affect the ability to retain or hire key persons. we do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees.
employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
losses may result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. it is not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. resultant losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
strategic the continually changing landscape, including competition, technology and products, existing and new market entrants could reduce our margins and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
insurance and reinsurance markets are highly competitive. we compete on an international and regional basis with major u.s., bermuda, european, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, technological, marketing, distribution and management resources than we do. in addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. we also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance and reinsurance markets. if competition, or technological or other changes to the insurance markets in which we operate, limits our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. increased competition could also result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely impact our net income and shareholders' equity.
recent technological advancements in the insurance industry and information technology industry present new and fast-evolving competitive risks as participants seek to increase transaction speeds, lower costs and create new opportunities. advancements in technology are occurring in underwriting, claims, distribution and operations at a pace that may quicken, including as companies increase use of data analytics and technology as part of their business strategy. we will be at a competitive disadvantage if, over time, our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization of technology and evolving data analytics. if we do not anticipate or keep pace with these technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could also limit our ability to compete in desired markets.
insurance and reinsurance markets are historically cyclical, and we expect to experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.
the insurance and reinsurance markets have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. an increase in premium levels is often offset by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms, and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. in addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance markets significantly, as could periods of economic weakness (such as recession).
the integration of acquired companies may not be as successful as we anticipate.
acquisitions, such as our acquisition of the chubb corporation (chubb corp) through a merger (the chubb acquisition), involve numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax, and other risks; potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of acquired businesses' internal controls over financial reporting. difficulties in integrating an acquired company, along with its personnel, may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected, in operational challenges or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. in addition, goodwill and
27
intangible assets recorded in connection with insurance company acquisitions may be impaired if premium growth, underwriting profitability, agency retention and policy persistency, among other factors, differ from expectations.
there is also the potential that proposed acquisitions that have been publicly announced will not be consummated, even if a definitive agreement has been signed by the parties. if an agreement is terminated before closing, the result would be that our proposed acquisition would not occur, which could, among other things, expose us to damages or liability and adversely impact our stock price and future operations.
we may be subject to u.s. tax and bermuda tax which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and shareholder investment.
chubb limited and our non-u.s. subsidiaries operate in a manner so that none of these companies should be subject to u.s. tax (other than u.s. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring u.s. risks and u.s. withholding tax on some types of u.s. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the u.s. however, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the u.s., we cannot be certain that the internal revenue service (irs) will not contend successfully that chubb limited or its non-u.s. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the u.s. if chubb limited or any of its non-u.s. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the u.s., such entity could be subject to u.s. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such u.s. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' investments could be adversely affected.
the bermuda minister of finance, under the exempted undertakings tax protection act 1966 of bermuda, as amended, has given chubb limited and its bermuda insurance subsidiaries a written assurance that if any legislation is enacted in bermuda that would impose tax computed on profits or income, or computed on any capital asset, gain, or appreciation, or any tax in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax, then the imposition of any such tax would not be applicable to those companies or any of their respective operations, shares, debentures, or other obligations until march 31, 2035, except insofar as such tax would apply to persons ordinarily resident in bermuda or is payable by us in respect of real property owned or leased by us in bermuda. we cannot be certain that we will not be subject to any bermuda tax after march 31, 2035.
we could be adversely affected by certain features of the 2017 u.s. tax reform legislation.
new tax legislation known as the tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act) became law in the u.s. on december 22, 2017. in addition to reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, it fundamentally changed many elements of the pre-2017 tax act u.s. tax law and introduced several new concepts to tax multinational corporations such as us. among the most notable new rules are the base erosion and anti-abuse tax (commonly called beat), which generally applies to payments by u.s. taxpayers to non-u.s. affiliates, and the global intangible low taxed income (gilti) addition to subpart f income, which for insurance groups potentially expands u.s. taxation on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the 2017 tax act also includes a one-time reduced-rate transition tax in 2017 on previously untaxed post-1986 earnings of foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations. the 2017 tax act, which is generally effective for 2018, is a complex law with many significant new provisions and it will be a while before the irs/treasury provides meaningful guidance on its application. thus, there are many uncertainties relating to its ultimate application and effects on our company.
the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) and the european union (eu) are considering measures that might encourage countries to increase our taxes.
a number of multilateral organizations, including the eu and the oecd have, in recent years, expressed concern about some countries not participating in adequate tax information exchange arrangements and have threatened those that do not agree to cooperate with punitive sanctions by member countries. it is as yet unclear what all of these sanctions might be, which countries might adopt them, and when or if they might be imposed. we cannot assure, however, that the tax information exchange agreements (tieas) that have been or will be entered into by switzerland and bermuda will be sufficient to preclude all of the sanctions described above, which, if ultimately adopted, could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
the oecd has published an action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting (beps) impacting its member countries and other jurisdictions. it is possible that jurisdictions in which we do business could react to the beps initiative or their own concerns by enacting tax legislation that could adversely affect us or our shareholders.
28
shareholders there are provisions in our charter documents that may reduce the voting rights and diminish the value of our common shares.
our articles of association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each common share held by them and are entitled to vote at all meetings of shareholders. however, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our common shares. moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. our board of directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in articles 8 and 14 of our articles of association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. in addition, the board of directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.
applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.
before a person can acquire control of a u.s. insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the state where the domestic insurer is domiciled. prior to granting approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer, the state insurance commissioner will consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. generally, state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the domestic insurer. because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our common shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various u.s. jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing subsidiaries are, or a future subsidiary may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of chubb.
while our articles of association limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, we cannot assure that the applicable regulatory body would agree that a shareholder who owned 10 percent or more of our common shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary.
these laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of chubb, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.
shareholder voting requirements under swiss law may limit our flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management.
swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize share capital which can be issued by the board of directors without shareholder approval but this authorization must be renewed by the shareholders every two years. swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock as permitted in other jurisdictions. swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions over which the board of directors had authority prior to our re-domestication to switzerland. for example, dividends must be approved by shareholders. while we do not believe that swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will have an adverse effect on chubb, we cannot assure that situations will not arise where such flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.
chubb limited is a swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.
chubb limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of switzerland. in addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the u.s. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the u.s. as such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the u.s. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of u.s. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws.
chubb has been advised by its swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in switzerland would enforce:
   judgments of u.s. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the u.s.; or
   original actions brought in switzerland against these persons or chubb predicated solely upon u.s. federal securities laws.
29
chubb has also been advised by its swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the u.s. and switzerland providing for this enforcement and there are grounds upon which swiss courts may not enforce judgments of u.s. courts. some remedies available under the laws of u.s. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in swiss courts as contrary to that nation's public policy.
under swiss law, if we need to raise equity capital at a time when our share price is below the par value of our shares, the equity issuance could be delayed by the need to obtain shareholder approval, which cannot be assured.
as of december 31, 2017, the par value of our common shares is chf 24.15 per share. under swiss law, we generally may not issue registered shares below their par value. in the event there is a need to raise common equity capital at a time when the trading price of our registered shares is below our par value, we will need to obtain approval of our shareholders to decrease the par value of our registered shares. we cannot assure that we would be able to obtain such shareholder approval. furthermore, obtaining shareholder approval would require filing a preliminary proxy statement with the sec and convening a meeting of shareholders which would delay any capital raising plans. furthermore, any reduction in par value would decrease our ability to pay dividends as a repayment of share capital which is not subject to swiss withholding tax. see "shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends" for additional information.
shareholders may be subject to swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.
our dividends are generally subject to a swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a par value reduction or qualifying capital contribution reserves reduction is not subject to swiss withholding tax. we have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be paid in such form. we currently intend to recommend to shareholders that they annually approve the payment of dividends in such form but we cannot assure that our shareholders will continue to approve a reduction in such form each year or that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future. we estimate we would be able to pay dividends in such form, and thus exempt from swiss withholding tax until 2028-2033. this range may vary depending upon changes in annual dividends, special dividends, fluctuations in u.s. dollar/swiss franc exchange rates, changes in par value or qualifying capital contribution reserves or changes or new interpretations to swiss corporate or tax law or regulations.
under certain circumstances, u.s. shareholders may be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences.
under certain circumstances, a u.s. person who owns or is deemed to own 10 percent or more of the voting power or value of a foreign corporation that is a "controlled foreign corporation" (cfc) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent u.s. shareholders own or are deemed to own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for any period during a taxable year must include in gross income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such "10 percent u.s. shareholder's" pro rata share of the cfc's "subpart f income". we believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership it is unlikely that any u.s. person who acquires shares of chubb limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include any subpart f income in income under the cfc rules of u.s. tax law.
separately, any u.s. persons who hold shares may be subject to u.s. federal income taxation at ordinary income tax rates on their proportionate share of our related person insurance income (rpii). if the rpii of any of our non-u.s. insurance subsidiaries (each a "non-u.s. insurance subsidiary") were to equal or exceed 20 percent of that company's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect insureds (and persons related to those insureds) own directly or indirectly through foreign entities 20 percent or more of the voting power or value of chubb limited, then a u.s. person who owns any shares of chubb limited (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in his or her income for u.s. federal income tax purposes such person's pro rata share of such company's rpii for the entire taxable year. in addition, any rpii that is includible in the income of a u.s. tax-exempt organization may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. we believe that the gross rpii of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary did not in prior years of operation and is not expected in the foreseeable future to equal or exceed 20 percent of each such company's gross insurance income. likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each non-u.s. insurance subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. however, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of rpii may be beyond our control. if these thresholds are met or exceeded, any u.s. person's investment in chubb limited could be adversely affected.
a u.s. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. this generally would be the case if either we are a cfc and the tax-exempt shareholder is a 10 percent u.s. shareholder or there is rpii, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly or indirectly through foreign entities, owns any shares of chubb limited. although we do not believe that any u.s. tax-exempt organization
30
should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. potential u.s. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.
u.s. persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a passive foreign investment company (pfic) for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
if chubb limited is considered a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes, a u.s. person who holds chubb limited shares will be subject to adverse u.s. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. in addition, if chubb limited were considered a pfic, upon the death of any u.s. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under u.s. federal income tax laws. we believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a pfic for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a pfic by the irs. recently enacted u.s. federal tax law and proposed regulations previously issued by the irs contain objective and subjective standards regarding the application of the pfic provisions to an insurance company. final regulations or pronouncements interpreting or clarifying these rules may be forthcoming. we cannot predict what impact, if any, such guidance would have on an investor that is subject to u.s. federal income taxation.
changes in tax law could adversely affect an investment in us and our securities.
new u.s. federal tax law was recently enacted containing significant changes. portions of the new law address certain previously perceived tax advantages of domestic companies (including insurance companies) that have affiliates with legal domiciles outside the u.s. the new law is complex and lacks developed administrative guidance; thus, the full impact to us, or our investors, is currently unclear. this new law or future tax law changes, administrative guidance, or u.s. court decisions regarding tax law could have an adverse impact on us or our investors.
similarly, jurisdictions outside the u.s. in which we do business could enact tax legislation in the future that could have an adverse impact on us or our investors. for example, switzerland is currently pursuing the implementation of corporate tax reform measures. the first effort was rejected by a public vote; however a revised corporate tax reform measure is expected. the next tax reform version could adversely affect us or our investors.
risks relating to the chubb corporation acquisition (chubb corp acquisition)
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the chubb corp acquisition.
the integration of chubb corp may not be as successful as we anticipate. the success of the chubb corp acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of cross-selling and other revenue-related benefits from combining our businesses. some of the assumptions that we have made, such as the achievement of revenue synergies, premium growth and underwriting profitability, among other factors, may differ from expectations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion of our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017. this discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes, under item 8 of this form 10-k.
all comparisons in this discussion are to the corresponding prior year unless otherwise indicated.
md&amp;a index                                                 page forward-looking statements                                       36
overview                                                         38
financial highlights                                             39
critical accounting estimates                                    40
consolidated operating results                                   51
integration-related savings                                      58
segment operating results                                        59
net investment income                                            78
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)                       78
amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization     79
interest expense                                                 80
investments                                                      81
asbestos and environmental (a&amp;e)                             84
catastrophe management                                           85
natural catastrophe property reinsurance program                 86
political risk and credit insurance                              87
crop insurance                                                   87
liquidity                                                        88
capital resources                                                90
contractual obligations and commitments                          92
credit facilities                                                93
ratings                                                          94
35
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements. any written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf may include forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. these forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could, should potential events occur, cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which are described in more detail under part i, item 1a, under risk factors, starting on page 18 and elsewhere herein and in other documents we file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec), include but are not limited to:
   losses arising out of natural or man-made catastrophes such as hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, floods, climate change (including effects on weather patterns; greenhouse gases; sea; land and air temperatures; sea levels; and rain and snow), nuclear accidents, or terrorism which could be affected by:
   the number of insureds and ceding companies affected;
   the amount and timing of losses actually incurred and reported by insureds;
   the impact of these losses on our reinsurers and the amount and timing of reinsurance recoverable actually received;
   the cost of building materials and labor to reconstruct properties or to perform environmental remediation following a catastrophic event; and
   complex coverage and regulatory issues such as whether losses occurred from storm surge or flooding and related lawsuits;
   actions that rating agencies may take from time to time, such as financial strength or credit ratings downgrades or placing these ratings on credit watch negative or the equivalent;
   the ability to collect reinsurance recoverable, credit developments of reinsurers, and any delays with respect thereto and changes in the cost, quality, or availability of reinsurance;
   actual loss experience from insured or reinsured events and the timing of claim payments;
   the uncertainties of the loss-reserving and claims-settlement processes, including the difficulties associated with assessing environmental damage and asbestos-related latent injuries, the impact of aggregate-policy-coverage limits, the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other related businesses, and the timing of loss payments;
   changes to our assessment as to whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell, or have the intent to sell, available for sale fixed maturity investments before their anticipated recovery;
   infection rates and severity of pandemics and their effects on our business operations and claims activity;
   developments in global financial markets, including changes in interest rates, stock markets, and other financial markets, increased government involvement or intervention in the financial services industry, the cost and availability of financing, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations (which we refer to in this report as foreign exchange and foreign currency exchange), which could affect our statement of operations, investment portfolio, financial condition, and financing plans;
   general economic and business conditions resulting from volatility in the stock and credit markets and the depth and duration of potential recession;
   global political conditions, the occurrence of any terrorist attacks, including any nuclear, radiological, biological, or chemical events, or the outbreak and effects of war, and possible business disruption or economic contraction that may result from such events;
   the potential impact of the united kingdom's vote to withdraw from the european union, including political, regulatory, social, and economic uncertainty and market and exchange rate volatility;
   judicial decisions and rulings, new theories of liability, legal tactics, and settlement terms;
36
   the effects of public company bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements, as well as disclosures by and investigations of public companies relating to possible accounting irregularities, and other corporate governance issues, including the effects of such events on:
   the capital markets;
   the markets for directors and officers (d&amp;o) and errors and omissions (e&amp;o) insurance; and
   claims and litigation arising out of such disclosures or practices by other companies;
   uncertainties relating to governmental, legislative and regulatory policies, developments, actions, investigations, and treaties, which, among other things, could subject us to insurance regulation or taxation in additional jurisdictions or affect our current operations;
   the actual amount of new and renewal business, market acceptance of our products, and risks associated with the introduction of new products and services and entering new markets, including regulatory constraints on exit strategies;
   the competitive environment in which we operate, including trends in pricing or in policy terms and conditions, which may differ from our projections and changes in market conditions that could render our business strategies ineffective or obsolete;
   acquisitions made by us performing differently than expected, our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies or growth from acquisitions, the impact of acquisitions on our pre-existing organization, or announced acquisitions not closing;
   risks associated with being a swiss corporation, including reduced flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management and the potential for additional regulatory burdens;
   the potential impact from government-mandated insurance coverage for acts of terrorism;
   the availability of borrowings and letters of credit under our credit facilities;
   the adequacy of collateral supporting funded high deductible programs;
   changes in the distribution or placement of risks due to increased consolidation of insurance and reinsurance brokers;
   material differences between actual and expected assessments for guaranty funds and mandatory pooling arrangements;
   the effects of investigations into market practices in the property and casualty (p&amp;c) industry;
   changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions, for example, recession;
   the amount of dividends received from subsidiaries;
   loss of the services of any of our executive officers without suitable replacements being recruited in a reasonable time frame;
   the ability of our technology resources, including information systems and security, to perform as anticipated such as with respect to preventing material information technology failures or third-party infiltrations or hacking resulting in consequences adverse to chubb or its customers or partners; and
   management's response to these factors and actual events (including, but not limited to, those described above).
the words "believe," "anticipate," "estimate," "project," "should," "plan," "expect," "intend," "hope," "feel," "foresee," "will likely result," or "will continue," and variations thereof and similar expressions, identify forward-looking statements. you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of their dates. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
37
overview we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. for more information on our segments refer to "segment information" under item 1.
we have grown our business through increased premium volume, expansion of product offerings and geographic reach, and acquisitions of other companies. acquisitions in 2016 and 2015 are as follows:
   all segments excluding north america agricultural insurance: the chubb corporation (chubb corp) (january 14, 2016).
   north america personal p&amp;c insurance: fireman's fund insurance company high net worth personal lines insurance business in the u.s. (april 1, 2015).
the consolidated financial statements include results of acquired businesses from the acquisition dates. refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our acquisitions.
our product and geographic diversification differentiates us from the vast majority of our competitors and has been a source of stability during periods of industry volatility. our long-term business strategy focuses on sustained growth in book value achieved through a combination of underwriting and investment income. by doing so, we provide value to our clients and shareholders through use of our substantial capital base in the insurance and reinsurance markets.
we are organized along a profit center structure by line of business and territory that does not necessarily correspond to corporate legal entities. profit centers can access various legal entities subject to licensing and other regulatory rules. profit centers are expected to generate underwriting income and appropriate risk-adjusted returns. our corporate structure has facilitated the development of management talent by giving each profit center's senior management team the necessary autonomy within underwriting authorities to make operating decisions and create products and coverages needed by its target customer base. we are focused on delivering underwriting profit by only writing policies which we believe adequately compensate us for the risk we accept.
our insurance and reinsurance operations generate gross revenues from two principal sources: premiums and investment income. cash flow is generated from premiums collected and investment income received less paid losses and loss expenses, policy acquisition costs, and administrative expenses. invested assets are substantially held in liquid, investment grade fixed income securities of relatively short duration. claims payments in any short-term period are highly unpredictable due to the random nature of loss events and the timing of claims awards or settlements. the value of investments held to pay future claims is subject to market forces such as the level of interest rates, stock market volatility, and credit events such as corporate defaults. the actual cost of claims is also volatile based on loss trends, inflation rates, court awards, and catastrophes. we believe that our cash balance, our highly liquid investments, credit facilities, and reinsurance protection provide sufficient liquidity to meet unforeseen claim demands that might occur in the year ahead. refer to "liquidity" and "capital resources" for additional information.
combined legacy ace and legacy chubb corp results ("comparative basis")
we discuss financial measures on a "comparative basis" for the 2016 and 2015 periods throughout the management's discussion and analysis section. we believe these measures provide visibility into our results, allow for comparability to our historical results and are consistent with how management evaluates results. we define our results discussed on a "comparative basis" as follows:
2016 "comparative basis" results: the combined company results do not include the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition. the combined company results for the year ended december 31, 2016 are inclusive of the first 14 days of january 2016 (the chubb corp acquisition closed january 14, 2016).
2015 "comparative basis" results: legacy ace plus legacy chubb corp historical results after accounting policy alignment adjustments, including reclassifying certain legacy chubb corp corporate expenses to administrative expenses and redefining legacy chubb corp segment underwriting income by allocating the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs to each segment.  2015 "comparative basis" results exclude purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition.
a reconciliation of "comparative basis" results as defined above is provided under the non-gaap reconciliation section starting on page 74.
38
financial highlights for the year ended december 31, 2017
   net income was $3,861 million compared with $4,135 million last year. net income in 2017 was adversely impacted by significant catastrophe losses in the year of $2,171 million after-tax and favorably impacted by a provisional tax benefit of $450 million, related to the 2017 u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (2017 tax act). net income included a one-time contribution of $50 million ($32.5 million after-tax) to the chubb charitable foundation.
   total company and p&amp;c net premiums written were $29.2 billion and $27.1 billion, respectively, up 3.9 percent and 4.2 percent, respectively.
   total pre-tax and after-tax catastrophe losses, including reinstatement premiums, were $2,746 million (10.2 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $2,171 million, respectively, compared with $1,060 million (4.0 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $844 million, respectively, in 2016. pre-tax catastrophe losses, net of reinsurance and including reinstatement premiums, included $650 million, $880 million, and $201 million from hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria, respectively, $277 million and $157 million from the northern and southern california wildfires, respectively, and $556 million from other catastrophe losses, principally u.s. weather-related events.
   since the acquisition of chubb corp, we have entered into new reinsurance agreements with third-party reinsurers for certain legacy chubb corp business and have taken other merger-related underwriting actions, including exiting certain types of business that do not meet our underwriting standards or adhere to our risk diversification strategy. together, these items adversely impacted p&amp;c net premiums written growth by $545 million. accounting policy alignment also adversely impacted p&amp;c net premiums written growth by $126 million. in addition, net premiums written growth in 2016 was adversely impacted from a one-time unearned premium reserve (upr) transfer in 2016 which reduced net premiums written by $128 million in the prior year.
   p&amp;c combined ratio was 94.7 percent compared with 88.7 percent in 2016. p&amp;c current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 87.6 percent compared with 89.0 percent in 2016.
   total pre-tax and after-tax favorable prior period development was $829 million (3.1 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $634 million, respectively, compared with $1,135 million pre-tax (4.3 percentage points of the combined ratio) and $898 million after-tax in 2016.
   net investment income was $3,125 million compared with $2,865 million in 2016. excluding the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets of chubb corp, net investment income was $3,457 million, compared with $3,258 million in 2016, up 6.1 percent.
   share repurchases totaled $830 million, or approximately 5.9 million shares for the year.
outlook in 2017, we produced net income per share of $8.19 and book value per share growth of 6.5 percent, despite large natural catastrophe events in the year, including hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria in the u.s and caribbean, large earthquakes in mexico, and multiple large wildfires in california. we had strong net premiums written of $29.2 billion, up nearly 4 percent. we are optimistic about our growth prospects for 2018 given strengthening economies in the u.s. and globally, an improving pricing environment, and because our merger-related underwriting actions and their impact on revenue growth are largely behind us. in particular, we expect our commercial p&c business to continue to grow and benefit from improving pricing conditions in a number of our businesses globally in 2018. we also expect growth to improve in our u.s. middle market and small commercial business, and expect good growth in this area outside the u.s. as well. we also expect good growth in our global a&h and personal lines business from investments we are making in marketing and technology to provide a more digital experience for customers and business partners. one of our strategic focus areas is to transform ourselves to thrive in a digital age. we expect this to significantly enhance our competitive profile and contribute revenue growth and efficiencies in the medium and longer term.
we also expect to benefit from both a lower u.s. corporate tax rate as a result of the 2017 tax act and the additional insurance exposure growth that will accompany a growing economy.
there are a number of factors that impact the variability in investment income. nevertheless, excluding the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets, we expect quarterly investment income to be in the range of $865 million to $875 million, and expect it to improve as the year progresses.
our distribution agreement with singapore's dbs bank, the largest banking group in southeast asia, and our strategic cooperation agreement with china's picc property & casualty company, both announced in 2017, are investments that we believe will further expand our global growth potential. at the heart of the distribution agreement with dbs bank is our joint
39
ability to market and service insurance digitally to millions of dbs customers, both consumers and businesses, in asia pacific countries. the strategic cooperation agreement with picc is an opportunity to support the insurance needs of picc and its customers, some of the largest enterprises in china.
we achieved annualized run rate integration-related savings of $875 million by the end of 2017, ahead of schedule and above initial projections. through 2017 we have realized $766 million of savings, of which 63 percent favorably impacted administrative expenses. the expected incremental realized savings in 2018 is more highly weighted to claims expense savings than the administrative expense savings experienced to date. while incremental savings are expected to benefit us in 2018, these savings will be partially offset by increased spending to support growth, including our continued investment in marketing, technology and digitization, and strategic partnerships, such as those mentioned above.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements include amounts that, either by their nature or due to requirements of generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap), are determined using best estimates and assumptions. while we believe that the amounts included in our consolidated financial statements reflect our best judgment, actual amounts could ultimately materially differ from those currently presented. we believe the items that require the most subjective and complex estimates are:
   unpaid loss and loss expense reserves, including long-tail asbestos and environmental (a&amp;e) reserves;
   future policy benefits reserves;
   the valuation of value of business acquired (voba) and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba;
   the assessment of risk transfer for certain structured insurance and reinsurance contracts;
   reinsurance recoverable, including a provision for uncollectible reinsurance;
   the valuation of our investment portfolio and assessment of other-than-temporary impairments (otti);
   the valuation of deferred tax assets;
   the valuation of derivative instruments related to guaranteed living benefits (glb); and
   the assessment of goodwill for impairment.
we believe our accounting policies for these items are of critical importance to our consolidated financial statements. the following discussion provides more information regarding the estimates and assumptions required to arrive at these amounts and should be read in conjunction with the sections entitled: prior period development, asbestos and environmental (a&e), reinsurance recoverable on ceded reinsurance, investments, net realized and unrealized gains (losses), and other income and expense items.
unpaid losses and loss expenses as an insurance and reinsurance company, we are required by applicable laws and regulations and gaap to establish loss and loss expense reserves for the estimated unpaid portion of the ultimate liability for losses and loss expenses under the terms of our policies and agreements with our insured and reinsured customers. at december 31, 2017, our gross unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $63.2 billion and our net unpaid loss and loss expense reserves were $49.2 billion. with the exception of certain structured settlements, for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable, and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings, our loss reserves are not discounted for the time value of money. in connection with such structured settlements and certain reserves for unsettled claims, we carried net discounted reserves of $77 million and $88 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
40
the following table presents a roll-forward of our unpaid losses and loss expenses:
december 31, 2017                                                                     december 31, 2016
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                       gross losses             reinsurance recoverable (1)              net losses          gross losses             reinsurance recoverable (1)              net losses balance, beginning of year                               $60,540                                 $12,708                 $47,832               $37,303                                 $10,741                 $26,562
losses and loss expenses incurred                         23,933                                   5,479                  18,454                20,195                                   4,143                  16,052
losses and loss expenses paid                            (21,812   )                              (4,364   )             (17,448   )           (19,436   )                              (3,721   )             (15,715   )
other (including foreign exchange translation)               518       191                                     327                                (445   )   24                                                   (469   )
losses and loss expenses acquired                              -                                       -                       -                22,923                                   1,521                  21,402
balance, end of year                                     $63,179                                 $14,014                 $49,165               $60,540                                 $12,708                 $47,832
(1)   net of provision for uncollectible reinsurance.
the estimate of the liabilities includes provisions for claims that have been reported but are unpaid at the balance sheet date (case reserves) and for obligations on claims that have been incurred but not reported (ibnr) at the balance sheet date. ibnr may also include provisions to account for the possibility that reported claims may settle for amounts that differ from the established case reserves. loss reserves also include an estimate of expenses associated with processing and settling unpaid claims (loss expenses). our loss reserves comprise approximately 78 percent casualty-related business, which typically encompasses long-tail risks, and other risks where a high degree of judgment is required.
the process of establishing loss reserves for property and casualty claims can be complex and is subject to considerable uncertainty as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments based on circumstances underlying the insured loss known at the date of accrual. for example, the reserves established for high excess casualty claims, asbestos and environmental claims, claims from major catastrophic events, or for our various product lines each require different assumptions and judgments to be made. necessary judgments are based on numerous factors and may be revised as additional experience and other data become available and are reviewed, as new or improved methods are developed, or as laws change. hence, ultimate loss payments may differ from the estimate of the ultimate liabilities made at the balance sheet date. changes to our previous estimates of prior period loss reserves impact the reported calendar year underwriting results, adversely if our estimates increase and favorably if our estimates decrease. the potential for variation in loss reserve estimates is impacted by numerous factors. reserve estimates for casualty lines are particularly uncertain given the lengthy reporting patterns and corresponding need for ibnr.
case reserves for those claims reported by insureds or ceding companies to us prior to the balance sheet date and where we have sufficient information are determined by our claims personnel as appropriate based on the circumstances of the claim(s), standard claim handling practices, and professional judgment. furthermore, for our brandywine run-off operations and our assumed reinsurance operation, global reinsurance, we may adjust the case reserves as notified by the ceding company if the judgment of our respective claims department differs from that of the cedant.
with respect to ibnr reserves and those claims that have been incurred but not reported prior to the balance sheet date, there is, by definition, limited actual information to form the case reserve estimate and reliance is placed upon historical loss experience and actuarial methods to estimate the ultimate loss obligations and the corresponding amount of ibnr. ibnr reserve estimates are generally calculated by first projecting the ultimate amount of losses for a product line and subtracting paid losses and case reserves for reported claims. the judgments involved in projecting the ultimate losses may pertain to the use and interpretation of various standard actuarial reserving methods that place reliance on the extrapolation of actual historical data, loss development patterns, industry data, and other benchmarks as appropriate. the estimate of the required ibnr reserve also requires judgment by actuaries and management to reflect the impact of more contemporary and subjective factors, both qualitative and quantitative. among some of these factors that might be considered are changes in business mix or volume, changes in ceded reinsurance structures, changes in claims handling practices, reported and projected loss trends, inflation, the legal environment, and the terms and conditions of the contracts sold to our insured parties.
determining management's best estimate our recorded reserves represent management's best estimate of the provision for unpaid claims as of the balance sheet date, and establishing them involves a process that includes collaboration with various relevant parties in the company. for information on our reserving process, refer to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
41
sensitivity to underlying assumptions while we believe that our reserve for unpaid losses and loss expenses at december 31, 2017, is adequate, new information or emerging trends that differ from our assumptions may lead to future development of losses and loss expenses that is significantly greater or less than the recorded reserve, which could have a material effect on future operating results. as noted previously, our best estimate of required loss reserves for most portfolios is judgmentally selected for each origin year after considering the results from a number of reserving methods and is not a purely mechanical process. therefore, it is difficult to convey, in a simple and quantitative manner, the impact that a change to a single assumption will have on our best estimate. in the examples below, we attempt to give an indication of the potential impact by isolating a single change for a specific reserving method that would be pertinent in establishing the best estimate for the product line described. we consider each of the following sensitivity analyses to represent a reasonably likely deviation in the underlying assumption.
north america commercial p&c insurance given the long reporting and paid development patterns for workers' compensation business, the development factors used to project actual current losses to ultimate losses for our current exposure require considerable judgment that could be material to consolidated loss and loss expense reserves. specifically, adjusting ground up ultimate losses by a one percent change in the tail factor (i.e., 1.04 changed to either 1.05 or 1.03) would cause a change of approximately $658 million, either positive or negative, for the projected net loss and loss expense reserves. this represents an impact of about 8.3 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $7.9 billion.
the reserve portfolio for our chubb bermuda operations contains exposure to predominantly high excess liability coverage on an occurrence-first-reported basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $325 million and gross limits of up to $150 million) and d&o and other professional liability coverage on a claims-made basis (typically with attachment points in excess of $125 million and gross limits of up to $75 million). due to the layer of exposure covered, the expected frequency for this book is very low. as a result of the low frequency/high severity nature of the book, a small difference in the actual vs. expected claim frequency, either positive or negative, could result in a material change to the projected ultimate loss if such change in claim frequency was related to a policy where close to maximum limits were deployed.
north america personal p&c insurance due to the relatively short-tailed nature of many of the coverages involved (e.g., homeowners property damage), most of the incurred losses in personal lines are resolved within a few years of occurrence. as shown in our loss triangle disclosure, the vast majority (over 95 percent) of personal lines net ultimate losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses are typically paid within five years of the accident date and over 80 percent within two years. even though there are significant reserves associated with some liability exposures such as personal excess/umbrella liability, our incurred loss triangle also shows a roughly consistent pattern of only relatively minor movements in incurred estimates over time by accident year especially after twenty four months of maturity. while the liability exposures are subject to additional uncertainties from more protracted resolution times, the main drivers of volatility in the personal lines business are relatively short-term in nature and relate to things like natural catastrophes, non-catastrophe weather events, man-made risks, and individual large loss volatility from other fortuitous claim events.
north america agricultural insurance approximately 69 percent of the reserves for this segment are from the crop related lines, which all have short payout patterns, with the majority of the liabilities expected to be resolved in the ensuing twelve months. claim reserves for our multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) product are set on a case-by-case basis and our aggregate exposure is subject to state level risk sharing formulae as well as third-party reinsurance. the majority of the development risk arises out of the accuracy of case reserve estimates and the time needed for final crop conditions to be assessed. we do not view our agriculture reserves as substantially influenced by the general assumptions and risks underlying more typical p&c reserve estimates.
overseas general insurance certain long-tail lines, such as casualty and professional lines, are particularly susceptible to changes in loss trend and claim inflation. heightened perceptions of tort and settlement awards around the world can increase the demand for these products as well as contributing to the uncertainty in the reserving estimates. our reserving methods rely on loss development patterns estimated from historical data and while we attempt to adjust such factors for known changes in the current tort environment, it is possible that such factors may not entirely reflect all recent trends in tort environments. for example, when applying the reported loss development method, the lengthening of our selected loss development patterns by six months would increase reserve estimates on long-tail casualty and professional lines for accident years 2015 and prior by approximately $484
42
million. this represents an impact of 13.7 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $3.5 billion.
global reinsurance typically, there is inherent uncertainty around the length of paid and reported development patterns, especially for certain casualty lines such as excess workers' compensation or general liability, which may take decades to fully develop. this uncertainty is accentuated by the need to supplement client development patterns with industry development patterns due to the sometimes low statistical credibility of the data. the underlying source and selection of the final development patterns can thus have a significant impact on the selected ultimate net losses and loss expenses. for example, a 20 percent shortening or lengthening of the development patterns used for u.s. long-tail lines would cause the loss reserve estimate derived by the reported bornhuetter-ferguson method for these lines to change by approximately $458 million. this represents an impact of 52 percent relative to recorded net loss and loss expense reserves of approximately $888 million.
assumed reinsurance at december 31, 2017, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.7 billion, consisting of $843 million of case reserves and $870 million of ibnr. in comparison, at december 31, 2016, net unpaid losses and loss expenses for the global reinsurance segment aggregated to $1.7 billion, consisting of $760 million of case reserves and $978 million of ibnr.
for our catastrophe business, we principally estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses on an event basis by considering various sources of information, including specific loss estimates reported by our cedants, ceding company and overall industry loss estimates reported by our brokers, and our internal data regarding reinsured exposures related to the geographical location of the event. our internal data analysis enables us to establish catastrophe reserves for known events with more certainty at an earlier date than would be the case if we solely relied on reports from third parties to determine carried reserves.
for our casualty reinsurance business, we generally rely on ceding companies to report claims and then use that data as a key input to estimate unpaid losses and loss expenses. due to the reliance on claims information reported by ceding companies, as well as other factors, the estimation of unpaid losses and loss expenses for assumed reinsurance includes certain risks and uncertainties that are unique relative to our direct insurance business. these include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   the reported claims information could be inaccurate;
   typically, a lag exists between the reporting of a loss event to a ceding company and its reporting to us as a reinsurance claim. the use of a broker to transmit financial information from a ceding company to us increases the reporting lag. because most of our reinsurance business is produced by brokers, ceding companies generally first submit claim and other financial information to brokers, who then report the proportionate share of such information to each reinsurer of a particular treaty. the reporting lag generally results in a longer period of time between the date a claim is incurred and the date a claim is reported compared with direct insurance operations. therefore, the risk of delayed recognition of loss reserve development is higher for assumed reinsurance than for direct insurance lines; and
   the historical claims data for a particular reinsurance contract can be limited relative to our insurance business in that there may be less historical information available. further, for certain coverages or products, such as excess of loss contracts, there may be relatively few expected claims in a particular year so the actual number of claims may be susceptible to significant variability. in such cases, the actuary often relies on industry data from several recognized sources.
we mitigate the above risks in several ways. in addition to routine analytical reviews of ceding company reports to ensure reported claims information appears reasonable, we perform regular underwriting and claims audits of certain ceding companies to ensure reported claims information is accurate, complete, and timely. as appropriate, audit findings are used to adjust claims in the reserving process. we also use our knowledge of the historical development of losses from individual ceding companies to adjust the level of adequacy we believe exists in the reported ceded losses.
on occasion, there will be differences between our carried loss reserves and unearned premium reserves and the amount of loss reserves and unearned premium reserves reported by the ceding companies. this is due to the fact that we receive consistent and timely information from ceding companies only with respect to case reserves. for ibnr, we use historical experience and other statistical information, depending on the type of business, to estimate the ultimate loss. we estimate our unearned premium reserve by applying estimated earning patterns to net premiums written for each treaty based upon that treaty's coverage basis (i.e., risks attaching or losses occurring). at december 31, 2017, the case reserves reported to us by our ceding
43
companies were $827 million, compared with the $843 million we recorded.  our policy is to post additional case reserves in addition to the amounts reported by our cedants when our evaluation of the ultimate value of a reported claim is different than the evaluation of that claim by our cedant.
within corporate, we also have exposure to certain liability reinsurance lines that have been in run-off since 1994. unpaid losses and loss expenses relating to this run-off reinsurance business resides within the brandywine division of corporate. most of the remaining unpaid loss and loss expense reserves for the run-off reinsurance business relate to a&e claims. refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section for additional information.
asbestos and environmental reserves included in our liabilities for losses and loss expenses are amounts for a&e (a&e liabilities). the a&e liabilities principally relate to claims arising from bodily-injury claims related to asbestos products and remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites. the estimation of our a&e liabilities is particularly sensitive to future changes in the legal, social, and economic environment. we have not assumed any such future changes in setting the value of our a&e liabilities, which include provisions for both reported and ibnr claims.
there are many complex variables that we consider when estimating the reserves for our inventory of asbestos accounts and these variables may directly impact the predicted outcome. we believe the most significant variables relating to our a&e liabilities include the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which they have no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to unaggregated coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and, the potential liability of peripheral defendants. based on the policies, the facts, the law, and a careful analysis of the impact that these factors will likely have on any given account, we estimate the potential liability for indemnity, policyholder defense costs, and coverage litigation expense.
the results in asbestos cases announced by other carriers or defendants may well have little or no relevance to us because coverage exposures are highly dependent upon the specific facts of individual coverage and resolution status of disputes among carriers, policyholders, and claimants.
for additional information refer to the "asbestos and environmental (a&e)" section and to note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
future policy benefits reserves we issue contracts in our overseas general insurance and life insurance segments that are classified as long-duration. these contracts generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. in accordance with gaap, we establish reserves for contracts determined to be long-duration based on approved actuarial methods that include assumptions related to expenses, mortality, morbidity, persistency, and investment yields with a factor for adverse deviation. these assumptions are "locked in" at the inception of the contract, meaning we use our original assumptions throughout the life of the policy and do not subsequently modify them unless we deem the reserves to be inadequate. the future policy benefits reserves balance is regularly evaluated for a premium deficiency. if experience is less favorable than assumptions, additional liabilities may be required, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
valuation of value of business acquired (voba), and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs and voba as part of the acquisition of businesses that sell long-duration contracts, such as life products, we established an intangible asset related to voba, which represented the fair value of the future profits of the in-force contracts. the valuation of voba at the time of acquisition is derived from similar assumptions to those used to establish the associated future policy benefits reserves. the most significant input in this calculation is the discount rate used to arrive at the present value of the net cash flows. we amortize deferred policy acquisition costs associated with long-duration contracts and voba (collectively policy acquisition costs) over the estimated life of the contracts, generally in proportion to premium revenue recognized based upon the same assumptions used in estimating the liability for future policy benefits. for non-traditional long-duration contracts, we amortize policy acquisition costs over the expected life of the contracts in proportion to estimates of expected gross profits. the estimated life is established at the inception of the contracts or upon acquisition and is based on current persistency assumptions. policy acquisition costs, which consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs related directly to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract, are reviewed to determine if they are recoverable from future income, including investment income. unrecoverable costs are expensed in the period identified.
44
risk transfer in the ordinary course of business, we both purchase (or cede) and sell (or assume) reinsurance protection. we discontinued the purchase of all finite risk reinsurance contracts, as a matter of policy, in 2002. for both ceded and assumed reinsurance, risk transfer requirements must be met in order to use reinsurance accounting, principally resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract as premiums and losses. if risk transfer requirements are not met, a contract is to be accounted for as a deposit, typically resulting in the recognition of cash flows under the contract through a deposit asset or liability and not as revenue or expense. to meet risk transfer requirements, a reinsurance contract must include both insurance risk, consisting of underwriting and timing risk, and a reasonable possibility of a significant loss for the assuming entity. we also apply similar risk transfer requirements to determine whether certain commercial insurance contracts should be accounted for as insurance or a deposit. contracts that include fixed premium (i.e., premium not subject to adjustment based on loss experience under the contract) for fixed coverage generally transfer risk and do not require judgment.
reinsurance and insurance contracts that include both significant risk sharing provisions, such as adjustments to premiums or loss coverage based on loss experience, and relatively low policy limits, as evidenced by a high proportion of maximum premium assessments to loss limits, can require considerable judgment to determine whether or not risk transfer requirements are met. for such contracts, often referred to as finite or structured products, we require that risk transfer be specifically assessed for each contract by developing expected cash flow analyses at contract inception. to support risk transfer, the cash flow analyses must demonstrate that a significant loss is reasonably possible, such as a scenario in which the ratio of the net present value of losses divided by the net present value of premiums equals or exceeds 110 percent. for purposes of cash flow analyses, we generally use a risk-free rate of return consistent with the expected average duration of loss payments. in addition, to support insurance risk, we must prove the reinsurer's risk of loss varies with that of the reinsured and/or support various scenarios under which the assuming entity can recognize a significant loss.
to ensure risk transfer requirements are routinely assessed, qualitative and quantitative risk transfer analyses and memoranda supporting risk transfer are developed by underwriters for all structured products. we have established protocols for structured products that include criteria triggering an accounting review of the contract prior to quoting. if any criterion is triggered, a contract must be reviewed by a committee established by each of our segments with reporting oversight, including peer review, from our global structured transaction review committee.
with respect to ceded reinsurance, we entered into a few multi-year excess of loss retrospectively-rated contracts, principally in 2002. these contracts primarily provided severity protection for specific product divisions. because traditional one-year reinsurance coverage had become relatively costly, these contracts were generally entered into in order to secure a more cost-effective reinsurance program. all of these contracts transferred risk and were accounted for as reinsurance. in addition, we maintain a few aggregate excess of loss reinsurance contracts that were principally entered into prior to 2003, such as the national indemnity company (nico) contracts referred to in the section entitled, "asbestos and environmental (a&e)". we have not purchased any other retroactive ceded reinsurance contracts since 1999.
with respect to assumed reinsurance and insurance contracts, products giving rise to judgments regarding risk transfer were primarily sold by our financial solutions business. although we have significantly curtailed writing financial solutions business, several contracts remain in-force and principally include multi-year retrospectively-rated contracts and loss portfolio transfers. because transfer of insurance risk is generally a primary client motivation for purchasing these products, relatively few insurance and reinsurance contracts have historically been written for which we concluded that risk transfer criteria had not been met. for certain insurance contracts that have been reported as deposits, the insured desired to self-insure a risk but was required, legally or otherwise, to purchase insurance so that claimants would be protected by a licensed insurance company in the event of non-payment from the insured.
reinsurance recoverable reinsurance recoverable includes balances due to us from reinsurance companies for paid and unpaid losses and loss expenses and is presented net of a provision for uncollectible reinsurance. the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is determined based upon a review of the financial condition of the reinsurers and other factors. ceded reinsurance contracts do not relieve our primary obligation to our policyholders. consequently, an exposure exists with respect to reinsurance recoverable to the extent that any reinsurer is unable or unwilling to meet its obligations or disputes the liabilities assumed under the reinsurance contracts. we determine the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses using actuarial estimates as well as a determination of our ability to cede unpaid losses and loss expenses under existing reinsurance contracts.
45
the recognition of a reinsurance recoverable asset requires two key judgments. the first judgment involves our estimation based on the amount of gross reserves and the percentage of that amount which may be ceded to reinsurers. ceded ibnr, which is a major component of the reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss expenses, is generally developed as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, its estimation is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as the estimation of gross ibnr (refer to "critical accounting estimates - unpaid losses and loss expenses"). the second judgment involves our estimate of the amount of the reinsurance recoverable balance that we may ultimately be unable to recover from reinsurers due to insolvency, contractual dispute, or for other reasons. estimated uncollectible amounts are reflected in a provision that reduces the reinsurance recoverable asset and, in turn, shareholders' equity. changes in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance are reflected in net income.
although the obligation of individual reinsurers to pay their reinsurance obligations is based on specific contract provisions, the collectability of such amounts requires estimation by management. the majority of the recoverable balance will not be due for collection until sometime in the future, and the duration of our recoverables may be longer than the duration of our direct exposures. over this period of time, economic conditions and operational performance of a particular reinsurer may impact their ability to meet these obligations and while they may continue to acknowledge their contractual obligation to do so, they may not have the financial resources or willingness to fully meet their obligation to us.
to estimate the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, the reinsurance recoverable must first be determined for each reinsurer. this determination is based on a process rather than an estimate, although an element of judgment must be applied. as part of the process, ceded ibnr is allocated to reinsurance contracts because ceded ibnr is not generally calculated on a contract by contract basis. the allocations are generally based on premiums ceded under reinsurance contracts, adjusted for actual loss experience and historical relationships between gross and ceded losses. if actual premium and loss experience vary materially from historical experience, the allocation of reinsurance recoverable by reinsurer will be reviewed and may change. while such change is unlikely to result in a large percentage change in the provision for uncollectible reinsurance, it could, nevertheless, have a material effect on our net income in the period recorded.
generally, we use a default analysis to estimate uncollectible reinsurance. the primary components of the default analysis are reinsurance recoverable balances by reinsurer, net of collateral, and default factors used to estimate the probability that the reinsurer may be unable to meet its future obligations in full. the definition of collateral for this purpose requires some judgment and is generally limited to assets held in a chubb-only beneficiary trust, letters of credit, and liabilities held by us with the same legal entity for which we believe there is a right of offset. we do not currently include multi-beneficiary trusts. however, we have several reinsurers that have established multi-beneficiary trusts for which certain of our companies are beneficiaries. the determination of the default factor is principally based on the financial strength rating of the reinsurer and a corresponding default factor applicable to the financial strength rating. default factors require considerable judgment and are determined using the current financial strength rating, or rating equivalent, of each reinsurer as well as other key considerations and assumptions. significant considerations and assumptions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
   for reinsurers that maintain a financial strength rating from a major rating agency, and for which recoverable balances are considered representative of the larger population (i.e., default probabilities are consistent with similarly rated reinsurers and payment durations conform to averages), the judgment exercised by management to determine the provision for uncollectible reinsurance of each reinsurer is typically limited because the financial rating is based on a published source and the default factor we apply is based on a historical default factor of a major rating agency applicable to the particular rating class. default factors applied for financial ratings of aaa, aa, a, bbb, bb, b, and ccc, are 0.8 percent, 1.2 percent, 1.7 percent, 4.9 percent, 19.6 percent, 34.0 percent, and 62.2 percent, respectively. because our model is predicated on the historical default factors of a major rating agency, we do not generally consider alternative factors. however, when a recoverable is expected to be paid in a brief period of time by a highly-rated reinsurer, such as certain property catastrophe claims, a default factor may not be applied;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are both unrated by a major rating agency and for which management is unable to determine a credible rating equivalent based on a parent or affiliated company, we may determine a rating equivalent based on our analysis of the reinsurer that considers an assessment of the creditworthiness of the particular entity, industry benchmarks, or other factors as considered appropriate. we then apply the applicable default factor for that rating class. for balances recoverable from unrated reinsurers for which our ceded reserve is below a certain threshold, we generally apply a default factor of 34.0 percent;
   for balances recoverable from reinsurers that are either insolvent or under regulatory supervision, we establish a default factor and resulting provision for uncollectible reinsurance based on specific facts and circumstances surrounding each company. upon initial notification of an insolvency, we generally recognize expense for a substantial portion of all balances outstanding, net of collateral, through a combination of write-offs of recoverable balances and increases to the provision for
46
uncollectible reinsurance. when regulatory action is taken on a reinsurer, we generally recognize a default factor by estimating an expected recovery on all balances outstanding, net of collateral. when sufficient credible information becomes available, we adjust the provision for uncollectible reinsurance by establishing a default factor pursuant to information received; and
   for captives and other recoverables, management determines the provision for uncollectible reinsurance based on the specific facts and circumstances.
the following table summarizes reinsurance recoverables and the provision for uncollectible reinsurance for each type of recoverable balance at december 31, 2017:
gross reinsurance recoverables on losses and loss expenses                                                     recoverables (net of usable collateral)
provision for uncollectible reinsurance (1)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
type reinsurers with credit ratings                                                                                    $11,442                                                                                     $10,097         $166
reinsurers not rated                                                                                                  426                                                                                         190           59
reinsurers under supervision and insolvent reinsurers                                                                 100                                                                                          97           41
captives                                                                                                            2,199                                                                                         258           18
other - structured settlements and pools                                                                            1,188                                                                                         992           37
total                                                                                                             $15,355                                                                                     $11,634         $321
(1) the provision for uncollectible reinsurance is based on a default analysis applied to gross reinsurance recoverables, net of approximately $3.7 billion and $3.3 billion of collateral at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
at december 31, 2017, the use of different assumptions within our approach could have a material effect on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. to the extent the creditworthiness of our reinsurers were to deteriorate due to an adverse event affecting the reinsurance industry, such as a large number of major catastrophes, actual uncollectible amounts could be significantly greater than our provision for uncollectible reinsurance. such an event could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and our liquidity. given the various considerations used to estimate our uncollectible provision, we cannot precisely quantify the effect a specific industry event may have on the provision for uncollectible reinsurance. however, based on the composition (particularly the average credit quality) of the reinsurance recoverable balance at december 31, 2017, we estimate that a ratings downgrade of one notch for all rated reinsurers (i.e., from a to a- or a- to bbb+) could increase our provision for uncollectible reinsurance by approximately $64 million or approximately 0.4 percent of the gross reinsurance recoverable balance, assuming no other changes relevant to the calculation. while a ratings downgrade would result in an increase in our provision for uncollectible reinsurance and a charge to earnings in that period, a downgrade in and of itself does not imply that we will be unable to collect all of the ceded reinsurance recoverable from the reinsurers in question. refer to note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other-than-temporary impairments (otti)
each quarter, we review securities in an unrealized loss position (impaired securities), including fixed maturities, securities lending collateral, equity securities, and other investments, to identify impaired securities to be specifically evaluated for a potential otti. because our investment portfolio is the largest component of consolidated assets, otti could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. refer to note 3 d) to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the otti process.
deferred taxes at december 31, 2017, our net deferred tax liability was $699 million. many of our insurance businesses operate in income tax-paying jurisdictions. our deferred tax assets and liabilities primarily result from temporary differences between the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and the tax basis of our assets and liabilities. we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities separately for each tax-paying component (an individual entity or group of entities that is consolidated for tax purposes) in each tax jurisdiction. the realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods under the tax law in the applicable tax jurisdiction. there may be changes in tax laws in a number of countries where we transact business that impact our tax balances. for example, the recently enacted 2017 tax act in the u.s. required us to reassess our deferred tax balances, principally to reflect the reduction of the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. we have adjusted our deferred tax balances in the fourth quarter of 2017 based on our best estimate and understanding of the new tax legislation. however, the 2017 tax act is a complex law with
47
many new provisions. until additional guidance is issued, there are many uncertainties relating to its ultimate application. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
at each balance sheet date, management assesses the need to establish a valuation allowance that reduces deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the valuation allowance is based on all available information including projections of future taxable income from each tax-paying component in each tax jurisdiction, principally derived from business plans and available tax planning strategies. projections of future taxable income incorporate several assumptions of future business and operations that are apt to differ from actual experience. if our assumptions and estimates that resulted in our forecast of future taxable income for each tax-paying component prove to be incorrect, an additional valuation allowance could become necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. at december 31, 2017, the valuation allowance of $99 million reflects management's assessment that it is more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized due to the potential inability to utilize foreign tax credits in the u.s. and the inability of certain foreign subsidiaries to generate sufficient taxable income.
fair value measurements accounting guidance defines fair value as the price to sell an asset or transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy based on the reliability of the inputs. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable data (level 3 inputs). level 2 includes inputs, other than quoted prices within level 1, that are observable for assets or liabilities either directly or indirectly. refer to note 4 and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for information on our fair value measurements.
assumed reinsurance programs involving minimum benefit guarantees under variable annuity contracts chubb reinsures various death and living benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities issued primarily in the united states and japan. we ceased writing this business in 2007. guarantees which are payable on death are referred to as guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb). guarantees on living benefits (glb) includes guaranteed minimum income benefits (gmib) and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits (gmab). for further description of this product and related accounting treatment, refer to note 1 j) to the consolidated financial statements.
guaranteed living benefits (glb) derivatives our glb reinsurance is classified as a derivative for accounting purposes and therefore carried at fair value. we believe that the most meaningful presentation of these glb derivatives is as follows:
   estimates of the average modeled value of future cash outflows is recorded as incurred losses (i.e., benefit reserves). cash inflows or revenue are reported as net premiums earned and changes in the benefit reserves are reflected as policy benefits expense in the consolidated statements of operations, which is included in underwriting income.
   the incremental difference between the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts and benefit reserves is reflected in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and related changes in fair value are reflected in net realized gains (losses) in the consolidated statements of operations.
determination of glb fair value the fair value of glb reinsurance is estimated using an internal valuation model, which includes current market information and estimates of policyholder behavior from the perspective of a theoretical market participant that would assume these liabilities. all of our treaties contain claim limits, which are factored into the valuation model. the fair value depends on a number of factors, including interest rates, equity markets, credit risk, current account value, market volatility, expected annuitization rates and other policyholder behavior, and changes in policyholder mortality. the model and related assumptions are regularly re-evaluated by management and enhanced, as appropriate, based upon additional experience obtained related to policyholder behavior and availability of more timely market information. due to the inherent uncertainties of the assumptions used in the valuation models to determine the fair value of these derivative products, actual experience may differ materially from the estimates reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
we intend to hold these derivative contracts to maturity (i.e., the expiration of the underlying liabilities through lapse, annuitization, death, or expiration of the reinsurance contract). to partially offset the risk of changes in the fair value of glb reinsurance contracts, we invest in derivative hedge instruments. at maturity, the cumulative realized gains and losses (excluding cumulative hedge gains or losses) from fair value changes of glb reinsurance contracts will net to zero because, over time, the insurance liability will be increased or decreased to equal our obligation.
48
determination of glb and guaranteed minimum death benefits (gmdb) benefit reserves management established benefit reserves based on a long-term benefit ratio (or loss ratio) calculated using assumptions reflecting management's best estimate of the future short-term and long-term performance of the variable annuity line of business. despite the long-term nature of the risk, the benefit ratio calculation is impacted by short-term market movements that may be judged by management to be transient. management regularly examines both qualitative and quantitative analysis, including a review of the differential between the benefit ratio used at the most recent valuation date and the benefit ratio calculated on subsequent dates. management regularly evaluates its estimates and uses judgment to determine the extent to which assumptions underlying the benefit ratio calculation should be adjusted. for the year ended december 31, 2017, management determined that no change to the benefit ratio was warranted.
for further information on the estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of glb reinsurance, refer to note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. for a sensitivity discussion of the effect of changes in interest rates, equity indices, and other assumptions on the fair value of glbs, and the estimated resulting impact on our net income, refer to item 7a.
risk management we employ a strategy to manage the financial market and policyholder behavior risks embedded in the reinsurance of variable annuity (va) guarantees. risk management begins with underwriting a prospective client and guarantee design, with particular focus on protecting our position from policyholder options that, because of anti-selective behavior, could adversely impact our obligation.
a second layer of risk management is the structure of the reinsurance contracts. all va guarantee reinsurance contracts include some form of annual or aggregate claim limit(s). for example, for 65 percent of the gmdb portfolio (based on guaranteed value), there is an annual claim limit of 2 percent of account value. the different categories of claim limits are as follows:
reinsurance program covering                                                                                                      % of total guaranteed value (gv)   % of gv that has additional reinsurance coverage   additional terms gmdb with an annual claim limit of 2% of account value (av)                                                                                      65% of total gmdb                                         2% for glb   n/a gmdb with annual claim limits that are a function of underlying gv (varies from 0.4% to 2.0% of gv)                                              30% of total gmdb                                        80% for glb    50% of gv subject to annual claim deductibles(1) of 0.1% to 0.2% of gv 30% of gv subject to an aggregate claim limitof approximately $275 million gmdb and gmab                                                                                                                                      5% of total glb                                                n/a    programs are quota-share (qs) agreementswith qs % decreasing as ratio of av to gvdecreases:- qs 100% for ratios between 100% - 75%- qs 60% for ratios between 75% - 45%- qs 30% for ratios less than 45% 5% of gv subject to a per policy claim deductible of 8.8% of gv for gmab only(1)
5% of total gmdb gmib with annual claim limits that are a function of underlying gv (typically 10% of gv)                                                          65% of total glb                                       45% for gmdb    annual annuitization limit range 17.5% - 30%:- 55% subject to limit of 30%- 45% subject to limit of 20% or under 43% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limits exposure to low interest rates gmib with an aggregate claim limit of $2.0 billion                                                                                                30% of total glb                                       35% for gmdb    annual annuitization limit of 20% 65% of gv subject to minimum annuity conversion factors that limit exposure to lowinterest rates 40% of gv subject to an aggregate claimdeductible of 2% of underlying annuity deposits
(1) chubb would only pay total annual claims in excess of deductibles.
a third layer of risk management is the hedging strategy which looks to mitigate both long-term economic loss over time as well as dampen income statement volatility. we owned financial market instruments as part of the hedging strategy with a fair value (liability) asset of $(21) million and $1 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the instruments are substantially collateralized by our counterparties, on a daily basis.
49
we also limit the aggregate amount of variable annuity reinsurance guarantee risk we are willing to assume. the last substantive transactions were quoted in late 2007. the aggregate number of policyholders is currently decreasing through policyholder withdrawals, annuitizations, and deaths at a rate of 5 percent to 15 percent per annum.
note that glb claims cannot occur for any reinsured policy until it has reached the end of its "waiting period". as shown in the table below, 80 percent of the policies we reinsure reached the end of their "waiting periods" in 2017 and prior.
year of first payment eligibility   percent of living benefitaccount values
2017 and prior                                        80   %
2018                                        10   %
2019                                         3   %
2020                                         1   %
2021                                         2   %
2022 and after                                         4   %
total                                       100   %
the following table presents the historical cash flows under these policies for the periods indicated. the amounts represent accrued past premium received and claims paid, split by benefit type.
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                        2017                                             2016                                             2015
gmdb                                           glb             total           gmdb             glb             total           gmdb             glb             total premium received                   $49             $110              $159           $55             $118              $173           $61             $121              $182
less paid claims                    31               54                85            42               39                81            28               16                44
net cash received                  $18              $56               $74           $13              $79               $92           $33             $105              $138
collateral chubb holds collateral on behalf of most of its clients in the form of qualified assets in trust or letters of credit, typically in an amount sufficient for the client to obtain statutory reserve credit for the reinsurance. the timing of the calculation and amount of the collateral varies by client according to the particulars of the reinsurance treaty and the statutory reserve guidelines of the client's domicile.
goodwill impairment assessment goodwill, which represents the excess of acquisition cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired, was $15.5 billion and $15.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. goodwill is assigned to applicable reporting units of acquired entities at the time of acquisition. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. for goodwill balances by reporting units, refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
goodwill is not amortized but is subject to a periodic evaluation for impairment at least annually, or earlier if there are any indications of possible impairment. impairment is tested at the reporting unit level. the impairment evaluation first uses a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than a 50 percent probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. if a reporting unit fails this qualitative assessment, a single quantitative analysis is used to measure and record the amount of the impairment.
in assessing the fair value of a reporting unit, we make assumptions and estimates about the profitability attributable to our reporting units, including:
   short-term and long-term growth rates; and
   estimated cost of equity and changes in long-term risk-free interest rates.
if our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of acquired entities change, we could be required to write-down the carrying value of goodwill which could be material to our results of operations in the period the charge is taken.
based on our impairment testing for 2017, we determined no impairment was required and none of our reporting units were at risk for impairment.
50
consolidated operating results - years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                2016                2015            2017 vs. 2016             2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written (1)                                  $29,244             $28,145             $17,713                      3.9    %                 58.9    %
net premiums earned (1)                                    29,034              28,749              17,213                      1.0    %                 67.0    %
net investment income                                       3,125               2,865               2,194                      9.1    %                 30.6    %
net realized gains (losses)                                    84                (145   )            (420   )                   nm                     (65.5   )%
total revenues                                             32,243              31,469              18,987                      2.5    %                 65.7    %
losses and loss expenses                                   18,454              16,052               9,484                     15.0    %                 69.3    %
policy benefits                                               676                 588                 543                     15.0    %                  8.3    %
policy acquisition costs                                    5,781               5,904               2,941                     (2.1   )%                100.7    %
administrative expenses                                     2,833               3,081               2,270                     (8.0   )%                 35.7    %
interest expense                                              607                 605                 300                      0.3    %                101.7    %
other (income) expense                                       (400   )            (222   )             (51   )                 80.2    %                335.3    %
amortization of purchased intangibles                         260                  19                 171                       nm                     (88.9   )%
chubb integration expenses                                    310                 492                  33                    (37.0   )%                   nm total expenses                                             28,521              26,519              15,691                      7.5    %                 69.0    %
income before income tax                                    3,722               4,950               3,296                    (24.8   )%                 50.2    %
income tax expense (benefit)                                 (139   )             815                 462                       nm                      76.4    %
net income                                                 $3,861              $4,135              $2,834                     (6.6   )%                 45.9    %
nm - not meaningful
(1)   on a constant-dollar basis for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, net premiums written increased $1.1 billion, or 3.9 percent, and $10.8 billion, or 62.3 percent, respectively, and net premiums earned increased $232 million, or 0.8 percent, and $11.9 billion, or 70.3 percent, respectively. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
net premiums written
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written reflect the premiums we retain after purchasing reinsurance protection. consolidated net premiums written increased $1.1 billion in 2017, reflecting growth across most segments. the increase is also due to the timing of the chubb corp acquisition in the prior year, which excluded approximately $855 million of production generated prior to the chubb corp acquisition close on january 14, 2016 (14-day stub period). on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period, net premiums written increased $244 million. this increase in premiums was partially offset by merger-related actions of $582 million. merger-related actions include the cancellation of certain portfolios or lines of business that do not meet our underwriting standards and the purchase of additional reinsurance due to the acquisition of chubb corp.
   net premiums written in our north america commercial p&amp;c insurance segment increased $288 million in 2017. on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period ($519 million), net premiums written decreased $231 million driven by merger-related actions ($278 million). excluding these items, net premiums written increased $47 million, or 0.4 percent, as growth, primarily in our risk management and casualty business was offset by declines in property and select components of our financial lines businesses due to competitive market conditions.
   net premiums written in our north america personal p&amp;c insurance segment increased $380 million in 2017. on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period ($100 million), net premiums written increased $280 million reflecting both growth across most lines as well as the non-renewal of a quota share treaty in 2017 covering the acquired fireman's fund homeowners and automobile businesses ($189 million).
   net premiums written in our north america agricultural insurance segment increased $188 million in 2017, primarily due to an increase in mpci production and growth in our agriculture p&amp;c products. the increase in mpci premium was driven in part by higher policy count and the year-over-year impact of our update to the mpci margin estimate which resulted in a smaller cession to the u.s. government in 2016. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas, we retained more premiums in 2017 as losses were higher compared to 2016.
51
   net premiums written in our overseas general insurance segment increased $217 million in 2017, or $220 million on a constant-dollar basis. excluding the favorable impact of the 14-day stub period ($215 million), unfavorable impact of merger-related accounting policy adjustments in 2016 to align the timing of premium recognition ($126 million) and merger-related actions ($131 million), net premiums written increased $262 million on a constant-dollar basis, driven by growth in personal lines business, primarily from new automobile business written in latin america, as well as growth across most property and casualty (p&amp;c) lines, primarily in asia and latin america.
   net premiums written in our global reinsurance segment increased $9 million in 2017 primarily due to a $30 million increase in catastrophe reinstatement premiums and the favorable impact of the 14-day stub period ($20 million). these increases were negatively impacted by merger-related actions of $10 million, declining rates and increasing competition.
   net premiums written in our life insurance segment increased $17 million in 2017 due to growth in our asian international life operations and combined insurance supplemental a&amp;h program business. this growth was partially offset by planned declines in our latin american operations, reflecting merger-related actions of $37 million, and in our life reinsurance business, which continues to decline as no new business is currently being written.
2016 vs. 2015
consolidated net premiums written increased $10.4 billion in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition, which added about $10.8 billion of growth to premiums. this increase in premiums was partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign exchange of $367 million. on a constant-dollar basis, as if legacy ace and legacy chubb were one company in 2015 and since the beginning of 2016 (comparative basis), net premiums written decreased $843 million in 2016, primarily driven by merger-related actions ($650 million), including the purchase of additional reinsurance. see below for additional items impacting net premiums written.
   net premiums written in our north america commercial p&amp;c insurance segment increased $6,025 million in 2016. on a comparative basis, net premiums written decreased $355 million in 2016, principally due to merger-related actions ($241 million). in addition, net premiums decreased due to lower new business written, driven by competitive market conditions and rate declines.
   net premiums written in our north america personal p&amp;c insurance segment increased $2,961 million in 2016. on a comparative basis, excluding the impact of a number of risk management related actions ($525 million), net premiums written were up 1.3 percent in 2016 due to growth in our high net worth homeowners and auto lines.
   net premiums written in our overseas general insurance segment increased $1,490 million in 2016, and increased $95 million, on a comparative constant-dollar basis, primarily driven by growth in personal lines, property and casualty lines (p&amp;c), and a&amp;h lines. this increase was partially offset by declines in our business written by chubb global markets and by merger-related actions ($119 million).
   net premiums written in our life insurance segment increased $126 million in 2016 and increased $32 million on a comparative basis. growth in our international life operations and in our combined insurance supplemental a&amp;h program business was partially offset by the adverse effect of foreign exchange. our life reinsurance business continues to decline as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written. on a constant-dollar basis, production, which includes deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts of $1,006 million in 2016 and $997 million in 2015, increased 6.0 percent.
   net premiums written in our north america agricultural insurance segment decreased $18 million in 2016, primarily due to the revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate related to the mpci program, which resulted in lower premium retention under the premium sharing formula with the u.s. government. this decrease was partially offset by lower cessions under existing third-party proportional reinsurance programs.
   net premiums written in our global reinsurance segment decreased $152 million in 2016 and decreased $161 million on a comparative basis, as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of declining rates and increasing competition. in addition, the decline in premiums reflects increased cessions of $17 million due to the purchase of additional property catastrophe reinsurance coverage in 2016.
52
line of business the following table presents a breakdown of consolidated net premiums written by line of business for the years indicated:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017            2016            2015          c$(1) 2016               c$ (1)             c$ (1) % change ex merger actions 2017 vs. 2016
2017 vs. 2016
commercial multiple peril (2)                                $879            $815              $-                $816                  7.7    %                                                    8.2    %
commercial casualty                                         3,638           3,433           2,171               3,434                  5.9    %                                                    8.5    %
workers' compensation                                       2,067           2,006             901               2,006                  3.0    %                                                    7.1    %
professional liability                                      3,491           3,544           1,516               3,541                 (1.4   )%                                                    0.1    %
surety                                                        627             584             323                 585                  7.2    %                                                    8.1    %
property and other short-tail lines                         3,866           3,856           2,884               3,859                  0.2    %                                                    3.2    %
international other casualty                                1,092           1,038             755               1,019                  7.2    %                                                    9.8    %
total commercial p&amp;c                                   15,660          15,276           8,550              15,260                  2.6    %                                                    5.1    %
agriculture                                                 1,516           1,328           1,346               1,328                 14.2    %                                                   14.2    %
personal automobile - north america                           775             698             219                 700                 10.7    %                                                   10.7    %
personal automobile - international                           788             674             700                 671                 17.4    %                                                   18.6    %
personal homeowners                                         3,302           3,053             937               3,057                  8.0    %                                                    7.6    %
personal other                                              1,441           1,399             606               1,402                  2.8    %                                                    9.3    %
total personal lines                                        6,306           5,824           2,462               5,830                  8.2    %                                                    9.6    %
total property and casualty lines                          23,482          22,428          12,358              22,418                  4.7    %                                                    6.8    %
other lines global a&amp;h (3)                                          4,056           3,970           3,548               3,990                  1.7    %                                                    3.3    %
reinsurance                                                   685             676             828                 670                  2.2    %                                                    3.7    %
life                                                        1,021           1,071             979               1,077                 (5.2   )%                                                   (1.8   )%
total consolidated                                        $29,244         $28,145         $17,713             $28,155                  3.9    %                                                    5.9    %
(1)   on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
(2)   commercial multiple peril represents retail package business (property and general liability).
(3)   for purposes of this schedule only, a&amp;h results from our combined north america and international businesses, normally included in the life insurance and overseas general insurance segments, respectively, as well as the a&amp;h results of our north america commercial p&amp;c segment, are included in the global a&amp;h line item above.
on a constant-dollar basis, total consolidated net premiums written, excluding merger actions, increased 5.9 percent in 2017 due to the following:
   total commercial p&amp;c net premiums written, excluding merger actions, increased 5.1 percent in 2017 due to growth in our risk management and casualty business as well as growth in asia and latin america.
   total personal lines net premiums written, excluding merger actions, increased 9.6 percent in 2017 primarily due to new automobile business written in latin america and the non-renewal of a quota share treaty in 2017.
   global a&amp;h lines, excluding merger actions, increased 3.3 percent in 2017 due to growth in north america, latin america and asia, as well as in our combined insurance supplemental a&amp;h program business.
   reinsurance lines, excluding merger actions, increased 3.7 percent in 2017 primarily due to increased catastrophe reinstatement premiums, partially offset by declining rates and increasing competition.
53
net premiums earned
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums earned for short-duration contracts, typically p&c contracts, generally reflect the portion of net premiums written that were recorded as revenues for the period as the exposure periods expire. net premiums earned for long-duration contracts, typically traditional life contracts, generally are recognized as earned when due from policyholders. net premiums earned increased $285 million, or $232 million on a constant-dollar basis in 2017, primarily due to the same factors driving the increase in net premiums written as described above.
the prior year excluded approximately $391 million of premiums earned in the 14-day stub period. on a comparative constant-dollar basis, which includes the 14-day stub period, net premiums earned decreased $159 million as growth was more than offset by merger-related actions.
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums earned increased $11.5 billion in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $11.8 billion of growth to premiums, partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign currency of $328 million. on a constant-dollar basis, net premiums earned increased $11.9 billion in 2016.
combined ratio in evaluating our segments excluding life insurance, we use the p&c combined ratio, the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. we calculate these ratios by dividing the respective expense amounts by net premiums earned. we do not calculate these ratios for the life insurance segment as we do not use these measures to monitor or manage that segment. the p&c combined ratio is determined by adding the loss and loss expense ratio, the policy acquisition cost ratio, and the administrative expense ratio. a p&c combined ratio under 100 percent indicates underwriting income, and a combined ratio exceeding 100 percent indicates underwriting loss.
the following table presents the components of the combined ratio:
2017                                          2016          2015
loss and loss expense ratio     65.8   %      57.7   %      58.1   %
policy acquisition cost ratio   19.5   %      20.2   %      16.1   %
administrative expense ratio     9.4   %      10.4   %      13.1   %
combined ratio                  94.7   %      88.3   %      87.3   %
the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax favorable prior period development, net of related reinstatement premiums:
(in millions of u.s dollars)                                                             2017   2016            2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                            $2,753          $1,067          $321
favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax        $829          $1,135          $546
54
we generally define catastrophe loss events consistent with the definition of the property claims service (pcs) for events in the u.s. and canada. pcs defines a catastrophe as an event that causes damage of $25 million or more in insured property losses and affects a significant number of insureds. for events outside of the u.s. and canada, we generally use a similar definition. the following table presents the break out of catastrophe losses for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, by segment, net of reinsurance as well as reinstatement premiums (rips) collected (expensed):
catastrophe loss charge by event north america commercial p&amp;c insurance              north america personal p&amp;c insurance           north america agricultural insurance                 overseas general insurance             globalreinsurance              total excluding rips           rips collected (expensed)                total including rips
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
net losses n. california wildfires                                                                $61                                                  $151           $-                                                                           $2                           $42                              $256           $(21                          )                          $277
s. california wildfires                                                                 23                                                   134           -                                                                             -                             -                               157           -                                                         157
hurricane harvey                                                                       391                                                   175                                                 1                                      40                            48                               655                                     5                               650
hurricane irma                                                                         464                                                   206                                                 2                                      79                           159                               910                                    30                               880
hurricane maria                                                                         50                                                     -           -                                                                            89                            55                               194           (7                            )                           201
mexico earthquakes                                                                       -                                                     -           -                                                                            25                             -                                25           -                                                          25
other                                                                                  231                                                   205                                                15                                      96                             9                               556           -                                                         556
total                                                                               $1,220                                                  $871           $18                                                                        $331                          $313                            $2,753
reinstatement premium collected (expensed)                                              (4   )                                               (22   )       -                                                                            (4   )                        37                                                                       7
total before income tax                                                             $1,224                                                  $893           $18                                                                        $335                          $276                                                                                                    $2,746
catastrophe losses through december 31, 2016 included severe weather-related events in the u.s., including hurricane matthew, severe weather-related events in europe, a wildfire in canada, and earthquakes in ecuador and new zealand. catastrophe losses through december 31, 2015 included severe weather-related events in the u.s. and asia, a chemical storage facility explosion in tianjin, china, a hailstorm in australia, and flooding and an earthquake in chile.
prior period development (ppd) arises from changes to loss estimates recognized in the current year that relate to loss events that occurred in previous calendar years and excludes the effect of losses from the development of earned premium from previous accident years. favorable prior period development was $829 million in 2017 compared to $1,135 million in the prior year, a decline of $306 million, pre-tax primarily reflecting favorable prior accident year loss activity, though at a reduced level from 2016. in addition, 2017 included higher adverse development related to asbestos, environmental, and other run-off liabilities compared to the prior year. refer to the prior period development section in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
55
the loss ratio numerator includes losses and loss expenses adjusted to exclude catastrophe losses and ppd. the loss ratio denominator includes net premiums earned adjusted to exclude the amount of reinstatement premiums (expensed) collected. reinstatement premiums are additional fully-earned, prorated premiums payable to reinsurers to restore coverage that has been reduced by reinsurance loss payments. in periods where there are adjustments on loss sensitive policies, these adjustments are excluded from ppd and net premiums earned when calculating this ratio. we believe that excluding the impact of catastrophe losses and ppd provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property & casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                               2016             2015
loss and loss expense ratio                                                       65.8   %         57.7    %        58.1    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (10.2   )%        (4.0   )%        (2.1   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                     3.2   %          4.3    %         3.6    %
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses    58.8   %         58.0    %        59.6    %
2017 vs. 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 0.8 percentage points in 2017, primarily due to the following:
   higher non-catastrophe large losses in property lines and mix of business in our major accounts division in our north america commercial p&amp;c insurance segment, driven by growth in casualty lines which have a higher loss ratio and declines in property lines which have a lower loss ratio (0.4 percentage points);
   higher non-catastrophe large losses in our north america personal p&amp;c insurance segment (0.2 percentage point);
   an updated allocation that more appropriately classified certain claims-related expenses as loss adjustment expenses (previously reported as administrative expenses). this updated allocation increased loss adjustment expenses (0.4 percentage points), with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses;
   partially offset by integration-related claims handling expense savings realized of $128 million (0.5 percentage points).
policy acquisition costs consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs directly related to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract. our policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.7 percentage points in 2017, compared to the prior year period, which included a net unfavorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition (0.7 percentage points). the decrease was also due to integration-related expense savings realized (0.2 percentage points),which was offset by a change in the mix of business, principally in our overseas general insurance segment, and the non-renewal of the fireman's fund quota share treaty.
our administrative expense ratio decreased 1.0 percentage point in 2017, primarily due to integration-related expense savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $262 million (1.0 percentage point), lower employee benefit-related expenses (0.7 percentage points), and the updated loss expenses and administrative expenses allocation as noted above (0.4 percentage points), partially offset by the impact of merit-based salary increases, inflation, and increased spending to support growth.
2016 vs. 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 1.6 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the net favorable impact of the chubb corp acquisition which experienced a relatively lower loss ratio in our north america p&c businesses but experienced a higher loss ratio in our international business. the current year also included claims handling expense savings realized in connection with the integration of chubb corp of $60 million (0.2 percentage points).
on a comparative basis, the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.1 percentage points in 2016.
policy acquisition costs consist of commissions, premium taxes, and certain underwriting costs directly related to the successful acquisition of a new or renewal insurance contract. our policy acquisition cost ratio increased 4.1 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio (2.1 percentage points) and due to the net unfavorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments (1.4 percentage points) related to the chubb corp acquisition in the current year and the fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as
56
administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $290 million (1.1 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
on a comparative basis, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.3 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the fireman's fund acquisition in 2015 which favorably impacted the prior year ratio by 0.4 percentage points.
our administrative expense ratio decreased 2.7 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $223 million (0.8 percentage points), the $290 million (1.1 percentage points) reclassification of underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business, as discussed above, and the one-time pension curtailment benefit of $90 million (0.3 percentage points) related to the amendment of our u.s. pension plan as part of a harmonization effort that moves us toward a more unified retirement savings approach.
on a comparative basis, our administrative expense ratio decreased 0.5 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition and the one-time pension curtailment benefit, as discussed above, partially offset by increased spending to support growth initiatives.
policy benefits policy benefits represent losses on contracts classified as long-duration and generally include accident and supplemental health products, term and whole life products, endowment products, and annuities. policy benefits also include gains and losses from changes in liabilities associated with our separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap. certain of our long duration contracts are supported by assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap. these assets are classified as trading securities and reported in other investments and the offsetting liabilities are reported in future policy benefits in the consolidated balance sheet. fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap are reported in other income (expense) and the offsetting movements in the liabilities are included in policy benefits in the consolidated statements of operations.
policy benefits were $676 million, $588 million and $543 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which included separate account liabilities losses (gains) of $97 million, $11 million and $(19) million, respectively. the offsetting movements of these liabilities are recorded in other income (expense) on the consolidated statement of operations. excluding the separate account gains and losses, policy benefits were $579 million in 2017, compared with $577 million and $562 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
refer to the corporate results section below for information on net investment income, interest expense, and income tax expense.
57
integration-related savings integration-related savings realized were $152 million, $177 million, $201 million, and $236 million for the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2017, respectively. integration-related savings of $236 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 included savings realized of $71 million in losses and loss expenses, $32 million in policy acquisition costs, $130 million in administrative expenses, and $3 million in net investment income.
the following table presents consolidated integration-related savings realized by segment and income statement line item:
years ended december 31
north america commercial p&amp;c insurance            north america personal p&amp;c insurance             overseas general insurance         global reinsurance            corporate              total p&amp;c         life insurance                consolidated
2017
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
losses and loss expenses                                                     $102                                                 $37                                    $49         $-                            $-                              $188         $-                                    $188
policy acquisition costs                                                       40                                                  13                                     34         -                             -                                 87         -                                       87
administrative expenses                                                       169                                                  67                                    182                             2                  59                      479                         6                      485
net investment income                                                           3                                                   2                                      -         -                                       1                        6         -                                        6
total                                                                        $314                                                $119                                   $265         $2                            $60                             $760         $6                                    $766
2016
losses and loss expenses                                                      $34                                                 $15                                    $11         $-                            $-                               $60         $-                                     $60
policy acquisition costs                                                       19                                                   6                                     12         -                             -                                 37         -                                       37
administrative expenses                                                        91                                                  38                                     66                             1                  25                      221                         2                      223
net investment income                                                           2                                                   2                                      -         -                                       1                        5         -                                        5
total                                                                        $146                                                 $61                                    $89         $1                            $26                             $323         $2                                    $325
incremental change losses and loss expenses                                                      $68                                                 $22                                    $38         $-                            $-                              $128         $-                                    $128
policy acquisition costs                                                       21                                                   7                                     22         -                             -                                 50         -                                       50
administrative expenses                                                        78                                                  29                                    116                             1                  34                      258                         4                      262
net investment income                                                           1                                                   -                                      -         -                             -                                  1         -                                        1
total                                                                        $168                                                 $58                                   $176         $1                            $34                             $437         $4                                    $441
58
segment operating results - years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015
we operate through six business segments: north america commercial p&c insurance, north america personal p&c insurance, north america agricultural insurance, overseas general insurance, global reinsurance, and life insurance. in addition, the results of all run-off asbestos and environmental (a&e) exposures, the results of our run-off brandywine business, the results of westchester specialty operations for 1996 and prior years, and certain other run-off exposures are presented within corporate.
north america commercial p&c insurance the north america commercial p&c insurance segment comprises operations that provide property and casualty (p&c) insurance and services to large, middle market, and small commercial businesses in the u.s., canada, and bermuda. this segment includes our north america major accounts and specialty insurance division (principally large corporate accounts and wholesale business), and the north america commercial insurance division (principally middle market and small commercial accounts).
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                2016                2015                2017 vs. 2016             2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written                                      $12,028             $11,740              $5,715                          2.5   %                 105.4   %
net premiums earned                                        12,191              12,217               5,634                         (0.2   )%                116.9   %
losses and loss expenses                                    8,287               7,439               3,661                         11.4   %                 103.2   %
policy acquisition costs                                    1,873               2,023                 531                         (7.4   )%                281.0   %
administrative expenses                                       981               1,125                 621                        (12.8   )%                 81.2   %
underwriting income                                         1,050               1,630                 821                        (35.6   )%                 98.5   %
net investment income                                       1,961               1,860               1,032                          5.4   %                  80.2   %
other (income) expense                                          1                  (2   )              (7   )                       nm                     (71.4   )%
segment income                                             $3,010              $3,492              $1,860                        (13.8   )%                 87.7   %
loss and loss expense ratio                                  68.0   %            60.9   %            65.0   %        7.1           pts        (4.1      )    pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                15.4   %            16.6   %             9.4   %       (1.2      )    pts   7.2                 pts administrative expense ratio                                  8.0   %             9.2   %            11.0   %       (1.2      )    pts        (1.8      )    pts combined ratio                                               91.4   %            86.7   %            85.4   %        4.7           pts   1.3                 pts nm - not meaningful premiums
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written increased $288 million in 2017 due to the timing of the chubb corp acquisition in 2016. approximately $519 million of production was generated prior to the acquisition close on january 14, 2016 (14-day stub period). on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period, net premiums written, excluding merger-related actions of $278 million, increased $47 million, or 0.4 percent, as growth, primarily in our risk management and casualty business was offset by declines in property and select components of our financial lines businesses due to competitive market conditions.
net premiums earned decreased $26 million in 2017. on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period ($208 million), net premiums earned decreased $234 million driven primarily by merger-related actions.
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written increased $6,025 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $5.9 billion in premiums to this segment.
on a comparative basis (refer to non-gaap section), net premiums written declined $355 million in 2016, principally reflecting merger-related actions ($241 million) which decreased premiums, and lower new business written, driven by competitive market conditions and rate declines, particularly in our property and financial lines. partially offsetting the decline was growth in our global risk management and workers' compensation lines reflecting new business and strong renewal retention.
net premiums earned increased $6,583 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added about $6.5 billion in earned premiums. on a comparative basis, net premiums earned decreased $59 million primarily due to the same
59
factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above, partially offset by the earning in of prior year premium growth.
combined ratio the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                            2017   2016          2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                            $1,220          $448           $85
favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax        $746          $778          $264
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
   2017: hurricane irma, hurricane harvey, hurricane maria and severe weather-related events in the u.s., including california wildfires
   2016: severe weather-related events in the u.s., including hurricane matthew, and a wildfire in canada
   2015: severe-weather related events in the u.s., a mexican hurricane, and civil unrest in baltimore, maryland the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                               2016             2015
loss and loss expense ratio                                                       68.0   %         60.9    %        65.0    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (10.0   )%        (3.7   )%        (1.5   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                     6.3   %          6.5    %         4.7    %
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses    64.3   %         63.7    %        68.2    %
2017 vs. 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 0.6 percentage points for 2017, primarily due to mix of business in our major accounts division, driven by growth in casualty lines which have a higher loss ratio and declines in property lines which have a lower loss ratio, as well as an updated allocation that more appropriately classified certain claims-related expenses as loss adjustment expenses (previously reported as administrative expenses). this updated allocation increased loss adjustment expenses (0.6 percentage points for 2017) with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses. this increase was partially offset by integration-related expense savings realized of $68 million (0.5 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 1.2 percentage points in 2017, compared to the prior year which included the net unfavorable impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition (1.1 percentage points). excluding this item, the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.1 percentage points primarily due to integration-related expense savings realized of $21 million.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 1.2 percentage points in 2017 primarily reflecting integration-related expense savings realized of $78 million (0.7 percentage points), lower employee benefit-related expenses of $107 million (0.9 percentage points), and the updated loss expenses and administrative expenses allocation as noted above (0.6 percentage points for 2017), partially offset by the impact of merit-based salary increases, inflation, and increased spending to support growth.
2016 vs. 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 4.5 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business, which experienced a lower loss ratio. on a comparative basis, cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 0.8 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to lower non-catastrophe losses in the prior year, partially offset by integration related claims handling expense savings realized of $34 million (0.3 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 7.2 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio and due to the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more
60
appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. excluding these items, the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to integration related savings realized.
the normal impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition includes a fair value adjustment for the unearned premiums at the date of the purchase. this adjustment is then amortized into policy acquisition costs. partially offsetting this is a favorable impact related to the recognition of the acquired unearned premiums without having to recognize the associated policy acquisition costs. the net impact of these purchase accounting adjustments was an increase to policy acquisition costs of $130 million (1.1 percentage points) in 2016, which did not recur in 2017. in addition, the reclassification described above resulted in a $129 million (1.1 percentage points of the ratio) increase to policy acquisition costs in 2016 with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses.
on a comparative basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments, the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.4 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to integration related savings realized as described above.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 1.8 percentage points in 2016 due to the $129 million reclassification noted above which decreased the administrative expense ratio by 1.1 percentage points, and the inclusion of the chubb corp businesses which carried a lower administrative expense ratio, partially offset by increased spending to support growth.
on a comparative basis, the administrative expense ratio decreased 0.2 percentage points in 2016, as cost savings realized of $91 million (0.7 percentage points) were partially offset by increased spending to support growth.
north america personal p&c insurance the north america personal p&c insurance segment comprises operations that provide high net worth personal lines products, including homeowners and complementary products such as valuable articles, excess liability, automobile, and recreational marine insurance and services in the u.s. and canada.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                2016                2015                 2017 vs. 2016                  2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written                                       $4,533              $4,153              $1,192                           9.1   %                      248.4   %
net premiums earned                                         4,399               4,319                 948                           1.9   %                      355.5   %
losses and loss expenses                                    3,265               2,558                 590                          27.6   %                      333.6   %
policy acquisition costs                                      899                 966                  69                          (6.9   )%                        nm administrative expenses                                       264                 363                 123                         (27.3   )%                     195.1   %
underwriting income (loss)                                    (29   )             432                 166                            nm                          160.2   %
net investment income                                         226                 207                  25                           9.2   %                         nm other (income) expense                                          4                   6                   2                         (33.3   )%                     200.0   %
amortization of purchased intangibles                          16                  19                  78                         (15.8   )%                     (75.6   )%
segment income                                               $177                $614                $111                         (71.2   )%                     453.2   %
loss and loss expense ratio                                  74.2   %            59.2   %            62.3   %        15.0           pts             (3.1      )    pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                20.4   %            22.4   %             7.3   %        (2.0      )    pts             15.1           pts administrative expense ratio                                  6.1   %             8.4   %            13.0   %        (2.3      )    pts             (4.6      )    pts combined ratio                                              100.7   %            90.0   %            82.6   %        10.7           pts              7.4           pts nm - not meaningful premiums
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written increased $380 million in 2017. on a comparative basis, which includes the 14-day stub period ($100 million), net premiums written increased $280 million reflecting both growth across most lines as well as the non-renewal of a quota share treaty in 2017 covering the acquired fireman's fund homeowners and automobile businesses ($189 million).
net premiums earned increased $80 million, primarily due to the factors described above.
61
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written increased $2,961 million in 2016. on a comparative basis, excluding the impact of a number of risk management related actions ($525 million), net premiums written were up 1.3 percent in 2016 due to growth in our high net worth homeowners and auto lines.
net premiums earned increased $3,371 million in 2016 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition. on a comparative basis, net premiums earned decreased slightly in 2016.
combined ratio the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax unfavorable prior period development:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                            2017       2016              2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                              $871              $326               $63
unfavorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax      $(69   )          $(27   )          $(25   )
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
   2017: hurricane harvey, hurricane irma, and severe weather-related events in the u.s., including california wildfires
   2016: severe weather-related events in the u.s., including hurricane matthew
   2015: severe weather-related events in the u.s., including the california wildfires the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                               2016             2015
loss and loss expense ratio                                                       74.2   %         59.2    %        62.3    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (20.1   )%        (7.5   )%        (6.7   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                    (1.5   )%        (0.7   )%        (2.7   )%
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses    52.6   %         51.0    %        52.9    %
2017 vs. 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 1.6 percentage points in 2017, primarily due to higher non-catastrophe large losses (1.2 percentage points), as well as an updated allocation that more appropriately classified certain claims-related expenses as loss adjustment expenses (previously reported as administrative expenses). this updated allocation increased loss adjustment expenses (0.5 percentage points), with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses. this increase was partially offset by integration-related claims handling expense savings realized of $22 million (0.5 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 2.0 percentage points in 2017 compared to the prior year which included the net unfavorable impact from purchase accounting adjustments (1.9 percentage points) related to the chubb corp acquisition. excluding this adjustment, the policy acquisition cost ratio remained flat as the increase related to the non-renewal of the fireman's fund quota share treaty which had a higher ceded acquisition cost ratio was offset by integration-related expense savings realized of $7 million (0.2 percentage points).
the administrative expense ratio decreased 2.3 percentage points in 2017, due to integration-related expense savings realized of $29 million (0.7 percentage points), lower employee benefit-related expenses of $42 million (0.9 percentage points), and the updated loss expenses and administrative expenses allocation as noted above (0.5 percentage points).
2016 vs. 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 1.9 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to the addition of the chubb corp business, which experienced a lower loss ratio. on a comparative basis, cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.8 percentage points reflecting lower non-catastrophe weather related losses and integration related claims handling expense savings of $15 million (0.3 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 15.1 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the net unfavorable impact of purchase accounting adjustments (12.5 percentage points) related to the chubb corp acquisition in the current year, which will
62
not recur in 2017, and the fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year and due to the addition of the chubb corp business which carried a higher acquisition cost ratio (2.7 percentage points).
on a comparative basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to our fireman's fund acquisition in the prior year which favorably impacted the prior year policy acquisition cost ratio by $100 million (2.2 percentage points). this increase was partially offset by the favorable impact of the ceded commission benefits related to the additional reinsurance purchased in 2016.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 4.6 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which carried a lower administrative expense ratio.
on a comparative basis, the administrative expense ratio remained flat as cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $38 million (0.9 percentage points) were offset by increased spending to support growth.
north america agricultural insurance the north america agricultural insurance segment comprises our north american based businesses that provide a variety of coverages in the u.s. and canada including crop insurance, primarily multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail through rain and hail insurance service, inc. (rain and hail) as well as farm and ranch and specialty p&c commercial insurance products and services through our chubb agribusiness unit.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                 2016                 2015                2017 vs. 2016                  2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written                                       $1,516               $1,328               $1,346                         14.2   %                       (1.3   )%
net premiums earned                                         1,508                1,316                1,364                         14.6   %                       (3.6   )%
losses and loss expenses (1)                                1,043                  898                1,097                         16.1   %                      (18.1   )%
policy acquisition costs                                       81                   83                   69                         (2.4   )%                      20.3   %
administrative expenses                                        (8    )              (6    )               1                         33.3   %                         nm underwriting income                                           392                  341                  197                         15.0   %                      73.1%
net investment income                                          25                   20                   23                         25.0   %                      (13.0   )%
other (income) expense                                          2                    1                    1                        100.0   %                          -
amortization of purchased intangibles                          29                   29                   30                            -                           (3.3   )%
segment income                                               $386                 $331                 $189                         16.6   %                       75.1   %
loss and loss expense ratio                                  69.2    %            68.3    %            80.4   %        0.9           pts            (12.1      )    pts policy acquisition cost ratio                                 5.4    %             6.3    %             5.1   %       (0.9      )    pts              1.2           pts administrative expense ratio                                 (0.6   )%            (0.5   )%               -           (0.1      )    pts             (0.5      )    pts combined ratio                                               74.0    %            74.1    %            85.5   %       (0.1      )    pts            (11.4      )    pts nm - not meaningful
(1)   gains (losses) on crop derivatives were $(7) million, $(5) million, and $(9) million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. these gains (losses) are included in net realized gains (losses) in our consolidated statements of operations but are reclassified to losses and loss expenses for purposes of presenting north america agricultural insurance underwriting income.
premiums
2017 vs 2016
net premiums written increased $188 million in 2017, primarily due to an increase in mpci production and growth in our agriculture p&c products. the increase in mpci premium was driven in part by higher policy count and the year over year impact of our update to the mpci margin estimate which resulted in a smaller cession to the u.s. government. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas, we retained more premiums in 2017 as losses were higher compared to 2016.
net premiums earned increased $192 million in 2017, due to the factors described above.
63
2016 vs 2015
net premiums written decreased $18 million in 2016 primarily due to the revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate related to the mpci program, which resulted in lower premium retention under the premium sharing formula with the u.s. government. under the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas, we retained less premiums in 2016 as losses were lower compared to 2015. this decrease was partially offset by lower cessions under existing third-party proportional reinsurance programs.
net premiums earned decreased $48 million in 2016 primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above.
underwriting income increased $144 million in 2016 primarily due to the favorable revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate reflecting a combination of better than average yields and less than expected movement in price between base price and harvest price this year.
combined ratio the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                          2017   2016        2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                             $18         $19          $9
favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax      $119         $72         $45
catastrophe losses in 2017, 2016, and 2015 were primarily from our farm, ranch and specialty p&c business. net favorable prior period development was $119 million, $72 million, and $45 million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. for 2017, the prior period development amount included $174 million of favorable incurred losses and $11 million of lower acquisition costs due to lower than expected mpci losses for the 2016 crop year, partially offset by a $66 million decrease in net premiums earned related to the mpci profit and loss calculation formula. for 2016, the prior period development amount included $99 million of favorable incurred losses due to lower than expected mpci losses for the 2015 crop year, partially offset by $52 million of unfavorable decrease in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formulas. also included in prior period development, but not impacting the loss and loss expense ratio was a $12 million favorable benefit of ceded profit share commissions earned from third-party reinsurers.
the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                              2016             2015
loss and loss expense ratio                                                      69.2   %         68.3    %        80.4    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (1.2   )%        (1.5   )%        (0.7   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                    8.2   %          5.6    %         3.1    %
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses   76.2   %         72.4    %        82.8    %
2017 vs 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 3.8 percentage points in 2017 reflecting the revision to the 2017 crop year margin estimate as discussed above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 0.9 percentage point in 2017, primarily due to lower direct commissions in the current year and an increase in mpci net premiums earned.
the administrative expense ratio remained relatively flat in 2017.
2016 vs 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 10.4 percentage points in 2016 reflecting the revision to the 2016 crop year margin estimate as discussed above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.2 percentage point in 2016, primarily due to the reduction in net premiums earned related to the government's crop insurance profit and loss calculation formula this year of $202 million, compared to a reduction
64
of $30 million in the prior year. excluding the impact of these reductions in net premiums earned, the policy acquisition ratio increased over prior year by 0.4 percentage points, primarily due to higher agent profit sharing commissions in the current year. in addition, during 2016, we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $2 million (0.2 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 0.5 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to higher administrative and operating (a&o) reimbursements on the mpci business and the reclassification as noted above.
overseas general insurance overseas general insurance segment comprises chubb international and chubb global markets (cgm). chubb international comprises our commercial p&c traditional and specialty lines serving large corporations, middle market and small customers, a&h and traditional and specialty personal lines business serving local territories outside the u.s., bermuda, and canada. cgm, our london-based international commercial p&c excess and surplus lines business, includes lloyd's of london (lloyd's) syndicate 2488. chubb provides funds at lloyd's to support underwriting by syndicate 2488 which is managed by chubb underwriting agencies limited.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                2016                2015                2017 vs. 2016                 2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written (1)                                   $8,341              $8,124              $6,634                          2.7    %                     22.5    %
net premiums earned                                         8,131               8,132               6,471                            -                          25.7    %
losses and loss expenses                                    4,281               4,005               3,052                          6.9    %                     31.2    %
policy acquisition costs                                    2,221               2,136               1,581                          4.0    %                     35.1    %
administrative expenses                                       982               1,057                 997                         (7.1   )%                      6.0    %
underwriting income (2)                                       647                 934                 841                        (30.7   )%                     11.1    %
net investment income                                         610                 600                 534                          1.7    %                     12.4    %
other (income) expense                                         (4   )             (11   )             (17   )                    (63.6   )%                    (35.3   )%
amortization of purchased intangibles                          45                  48                  61                         (6.3   )%                    (21.3   )%
segment income                                             $1,216              $1,497              $1,331                        (18.8   )%                     12.5    %
loss and loss expense ratio                                  52.6   %            49.3   %            47.2   %        3.3               pts.        2.1               pts.
policy acquisition cost ratio                                27.3   %            26.3   %            24.4   %        1.0                pt.        1.9               pts.
administrative expense ratio                                 12.1   %            12.9   %            15.4   %       (0.8      )        pts.       (2.5      )        pts.
combined ratio                                               92.0   %            88.5   %            87.0   %        3.5               pts.        1.5               pts.
(1)   on a constant-dollar basis, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, net premiums written increased $220 million, or 2.7 percent, and increased $1,792 million, or 28.3 percent, respectively. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
(2)   on a constant-dollar basis, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, underwriting income decreased $310 million, or 32.3 percent, and increased $115 million or 14.1 percent, respectively. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
premiums
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written increased $217 million in 2017, or $220 million on constant-dollar basis. excluding the favorable impact of the 14-day stub period ($215 million), adverse impact of merger-related accounting policy adjustments in 2016 to align the timing of premium recognition ($126 million) and merger-related actions ($131 million), net premiums written increased $262 million on a constant-dollar basis, driven by growth in personal lines business, primarily from new automobile business written in latin america, as well as growth across most property and casualty (p&c) lines, primarily in asia and latin america.
net premiums earned remained flat in 2017, and decreased $31 million on a constant-dollar basis, primarily due to a higher mix of multi-year policies written in the current year in comparison to the growth in net premiums written, as well as from the merger-related actions described above. these decreases were partially offset by the favorable impact of the 14-day stub period, as noted above.
65
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written increased $1,490 million in 2016, primarily due to the impact of the chubb corp acquisition, which added about $1.5 billion of growth in premiums. this increase was partially offset by the adverse impact of foreign exchange which decreased premiums by $302 million in 2016.
in 2016, net premiums written increased $95 million, on a constant-dollar comparative basis, primarily driven by growth in personal lines, property and casualty lines (p&c), and a&h lines, partially offset by declines in our business written by chubb global markets. personal lines and p&c growth was primarily in europe and asia. growth in personal lines was negatively impacted by our decision to exit the legacy chubb brazilian high net worth automobile business due to competitive market conditions. growth in p&c was partially offset by declines in latin america, reflecting economic conditions. a&h lines growth was driven by new business, primarily in latin america and asia. additionally, growth was partially offset by merger-related actions ($119 million).
net premiums earned increased $1,661 million in 2016, and increased $81 million on a constant-dollar comparative basis, primarily due to the same factors driving the movements in net premiums written as described above.
overseas general insurance conducts business internationally and in most major foreign currencies. the following tables present a regional breakdown of overseas general insurance net premiums written:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                2017                        2016                        2015              c$ (1)       2017 vs.            c$ (1) 2017 vs. 2016             2016 vs. 2015
2016           2016
region europe                                                             $3,281                      $3,227                      $2,508              $3,162            1.7    %                        3.8    %                 28.7    %
latin america                                                       2,108                       1,992                       1,767               2,044            5.8    %                        3.1    %                 12.7    %
asia                                                                2,596                       2,537                       1,963               2,549            2.3    %                        1.8    %                 29.2    %
other (2)                                                             356                         368                         396                 366           (3.3   )%                       (2.7   )%                 (7.1   )%
net premiums written                                               $8,341                      $8,124                      $6,634              $8,121            2.7    %                        2.7    %                 22.5    %
2017 % of total             2016 % of total             2015 % of total region europe                                                                 40   %                      40   %                      38   %
latin america                                                          25   %                      25   %                      27   %
asia                                                                   31   %                      31   %                      30   %
other (2)                                                               4   %                       4   %                       5   %
net premiums written                                                  100   %                     100   %                     100   %
(1) on a constant-dollar basis. amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
(2) comprises combined international, eurasia and africa region, and other international.
combined ratio the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                          2017   2016          2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                            $331          $183          $142
favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax      $252          $423          $343
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
   2017: hurricane maria, hurricane harvey, hurricane irma, earthquakes in mexico, cyclone debbie in australia, and flooding in latin america
   2016: severe weather related events in europe, earthquakes in ecuador and new zealand, and flooding in the u.k.
   2015: a chemical storage facility explosion in tianjin, china, a hailstorm in australia, flooding and an earthquake in chile, and severe storms in the u.k. and asia
66
the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                              2016            2015.
loss and loss expense ratio                                                      52.6   %         49.3    %        47.2    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (4.0   )%        (2.3   )%        (2.2   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                    3.1   %          5.2    %         5.3    %
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses   51.7   %         52.2    %        50.3    %
2017 vs. 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.5 percentage points in 2017, primarily due to a change in the mix of business (0.5 percentage points) towards products and regions that have a lower loss ratio and a higher acquisition cost ratio and integration-related claims handling expense savings realized of $38 million (0.5 percentage points), partially offset by a higher non-catastrophe large losses in the current year (0.2 percentage points).
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.0 percentage point in 2017, compared to the prior year periods, which included the net favorable impact of initial year purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition (0.3 percentage points). excluding this item, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.7 percentage points for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to a change in the mix of business (0.4 percentage points) towards products and regions within personal lines which have a higher acquisition cost ratio and a lower loss ratio. in addition, the adverse impact of aligning accounting policy after the chubb corp acquisition in the prior year increased the policy acquisition ratio by 0.2 percentage points. these increases were partially offset by integration-related expense savings realized of $22 million (0.3 percentage points).
the administrative expense ratio decreased 0.8 percentage points in 2017, primarily due to integration-related expense savings realized of $116 million (1.4 percentage points). this decrease was partially offset by the impact of merit-based salary increases, inflation, and increased spending to support growth initiatives.
2016 vs. 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which experienced a higher loss ratio.
on a comparative basis (refer to non-gaap section), the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 0.5 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to a lower level of short-tail large losses in the prior year.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily because we determined that certain underwriting costs that are directly attributable to the successful acquisition of business previously classified as administrative expenses were more appropriately classified as policy acquisition costs. this resulted in a $144 million (1.8 percentage points) increase to policy acquisition costs, with an offsetting decrease to administrative expenses in 2016.
on a comparative basis, which excludes purchase accounting adjustments related to the chubb corp acquisition, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 0.8 percentage points in 2016, due to a shift in the mix of business away from e&s lines, which carry a lower acquisition cost ratio, towards more personal lines products which carry a higher acquisition cost ratio.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 2.5 percentage points in 2016, due to the $144 million (1.8 percentage points) reclassification noted above, and cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition of $66 million (0.8 percentage points).
on a comparative basis, the administrative expense ratio decreased 1.0 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to cost savings realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition as noted above.
67
global reinsurance the global reinsurance segment represents our reinsurance operations comprising chubb tempest re bermuda, chubb tempest re usa, chubb tempest re international, and chubb tempest re canada. global reinsurance markets its reinsurance products worldwide under the chubb tempest re brand name and provides a broad range of traditional reinsurance coverage to a diverse array of primary p&c companies.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)      2017              2016              2015                 2017 vs. 2016                  2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written                                       $685              $676              $828                           1.4   %                      (18.4   )%
net premiums earned                                         704               710               849                          (0.7   )%                     (16.5   )%
losses and loss expenses                                    561               325               290                          72.6   %                       12.1   %
policy acquisition costs                                    177               187               214                          (5.3   )%                     (12.6   )%
administrative expenses                                      44                52                49                         (15.4   )%                       6.1   %
underwriting income (loss)                                  (78   )           146               296                            nm                          (50.7   )%
net investment income                                       273               263               300                           3.8   %                      (12.3   )%
other (income) expense                                       (1   )            (4   )            (6   )                     (75.0   )%                     (33.3   )%
segment income                                             $196              $413              $602                         (52.5   )%                     (31.4   )%
loss and loss expense ratio                                79.8   %          45.7   %          34.2   %        34.1          pts.             11.5          pts.
policy acquisition cost ratio                              25.1   %          26.3   %          25.2   %        (1.2      )   pts.              1.1          pts.
administrative expense ratio                                6.3   %           7.5   %           5.8   %        (1.2      )   pts.              1.7          pts.
combined ratio                                            111.2   %          79.5   %          65.2   %        31.7          pts.             14.3          pts.
nm - not meaningful premiums
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written increased $9 million in 2017 primarily due to a $30 million increase in catastrophe reinstatement premiums and the timing of the chubb corp acquisition which excluded approximately $20 million of production generated prior to the chubb corp acquisition close on january 14, 2016 (14-day stub period). these increases were negatively impacted by merger-related actions of $10 million, declining rates and increasing competition.
net premiums earned were about flat in 2017, which is approximately in line with the modest increase in net premiums written.
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written decreased $152 million in 2016 as we maintained underwriting discipline in an environment of declining rates and increasing competition. in addition, the decline in premiums reflects increased cessions of $17 million due to the purchase of additional property catastrophe reinsurance in 2016. on a comparative basis (refer to non-gaap section), net premiums written declined $161 million in 2016 due to the same factors as described above.
net premiums earned decreased $139 million in 2016 and $165 million on a comparative basis, primarily due to the same factors driving the decrease in net premiums written as described above.
combined ratio the following table presents pre-tax catastrophe losses and pre-tax favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums:
(in millions of u.s dollars)                                                                        2017       2016        2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax (1)                                                                     $313             $91           $22
favorable prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums, pre-tax (2)                $59             $78          $119
(1) excludes catastrophe reinstatement premiums collected - pre-tax                                  $37              $7            $1
(2) excludes reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on prior period development - pre-tax       $(4   )          $5            $4
68
catastrophe losses were primarily from the following events:
   2017: hurricane irma, hurricane maria, hurricane harvey, northern california wildfires, and severe weather related events in the u.s.
   2016: fort mcmurray wildfire, hurricane matthew, and severe weather-related events in europe, the u.s. and canada
   2015: severe weather-related events in the u.s.
the following table presents the current accident year loss and loss expense ratio, excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums ("cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses"):
2017                                                                                                2016             2015
loss and loss expense ratio                                                       79.8   %          45.7    %        34.2    %
catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums                            (42.4   )%        (12.5   )%        (2.6   )%
prior period development net of related reinstatement premiums                     8.6   %          11.8    %        14.3    %
current accident year loss and loss expense ratio excluding catastrophe losses    46.0   %          45.0    %        45.9    %
2017 vs. 2016
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses increased 1.0 percentage point in 2017 mainly due to an increase in the loss ratio on our u.s. property business.
the policy acquisition cost ratio decreased 1.2 percentage points in 2017 primarily due to higher net earned premiums from fully earned catastrophe reinstatement premiums, partially offset by lower profit commissions receivable on our outbound retrocessional treaties.
the administrative expense ratio decreased 1.2 percentage points in 2017 primarily reflecting expense reductions implemented to align our cost structure with our premium base and integration-related expense savings realized.
2016 vs. 2015
the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.9 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to a change in the mix of business towards products that have a lower loss ratio. on a comparative basis, the cay loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses decreased 1.7 percentage points in 2016 due to the change in the mix of business as described above.
the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.1 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to a change in the mix of business towards regions and products that have higher acquisition cost ratios, partially offset by the impact of the chubb corp acquisition which carries a lower acquisition cost ratio. on a comparative basis, the policy acquisition cost ratio increased 1.9 percentage points in 2016, primarily due to the change in the mix of business as described above.
the administrative expense ratio increased 1.7 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to decreases in net premiums earned and the inclusion of the chubb corp business. on a comparative basis, the administrative expense ratio increased 1.2 percentage points in 2016 primarily due to decreases in net premiums earned outpacing the decline in administrative expenses.
69
life insurance the life insurance segment comprises chubb's international life operations (chubb life), chubb tempest life re (chubb life re), and the north american supplemental a&h and life business of combined insurance. we assess the performance of our life business based on life insurance underwriting income, which includes net investment income and (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                        2017                2016                2015        2017 vs. 2016             2016 vs 2015
net premiums written                                                       $2,141              $2,124              $1,998                  0.8    %                 6.3    %
net premiums earned                                                         2,101               2,055               1,947                  2.2    %                 5.6    %
losses and loss expenses                                                      739                 663                 601                 11.5    %                10.3    %
policy benefits (1)                                                           676                 588                 543                 15.0    %                 8.3    %
(gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets (1)         (97   )             (11   )              19                   nm                       nm policy acquisition costs                                                      530                 509                 476                  4.1    %                 6.9    %
administrative expenses                                                       303                 307                 291                 (1.3   )%                 5.5    %
net investment income                                                         313                 283                 265                 10.6    %                 6.8    %
life insurance underwriting income                                            263                 282                 282                 (6.7   )%                   -
other (income) expense (1)                                                     13                  16                   4                (18.8   )%               300.0    %
amortization of purchased intangibles                                           2                   3                   2                (33.3   )%                50.0    %
segment income                                                               $248                $263                $276                 (5.7   )%                (4.7   )%
nm - not meaningful
(1)   (gains) losses from fair value changes in separate account assets that do not qualify for separate account reporting under gaap have been reclassified from other income (expense) for purposes of presenting life insurance underwriting income. the offsetting movement in the separate account liabilities is included in policy benefits.
premiums
2017 vs. 2016
net premiums written increased $17 million in 2017, due to growth in our asian international life operations and combined insurance supplemental a&h program business. this growth was partially offset by planned declines in our latin american operations, reflecting merger-related actions of $37 million, and in our life reinsurance business, which continues to decline as no new business is currently being written.
2016 vs. 2015
net premiums written increased $126 million in 2016, primarily reflecting the impact of the chubb corp acquisition, which added $64 million of growth to premiums. in addition, growth in our international life operations, primarily in asia, and in our combined insurance supplemental a&h program business contributed to the increase. the adverse effect of foreign exchange impacted growth in net premiums written by $41 million in 2016. our life reinsurance business continues to decline as there is no new life reinsurance business currently being written. on a comparative basis, net premiums written increased $32 million in 2016 due to the same factors as described above.
deposits the following table presents deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts:
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                2017   2016            2015                 2017 vs. 2016            c$ (1) 2017 vs. 2016           2016 vs. 2015
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts      $1,436          $1,006          $1,015   42.7                 %   39.4                        %                (0.9   )%
(1) on a constant-dollar basis.  amounts are calculated by translating prior period results using the same local currency rates as the comparable current period.
deposits collected on universal life and investment contracts (life deposits) are not reflected as revenues in our consolidated statements of operations in accordance with gaap. new life deposits are an important component of production, and although they do not significantly affect current period income from operations they are key to our efforts to grow our business. life
70
deposits collected increased in 2017 due to growth in taiwan, partially offset by a decline in korea. foreign exchange favorably impacted growth by $25 million in 2017.
life deposits collected decreased slightly in 2016 due to a decline in korea, partially offset by growth in other asian markets, primarily in hong kong, vietnam, and taiwan. foreign exchange adversely impacted growth by $18 million in 2016.
life insurance underwriting income life insurance underwriting income decreased $19 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the adverse impact of updating our long-term benefit ratio in our variable annuity business in 2016 ($48 million). this decrease was partially offset by higher net investment income as well as improved margins in our international life operations and growth in our combined north america operations.
life insurance underwriting income remained flat in 2016 compared to 2015 due to the adverse impact of updating our long-term benefit ratio in the fourth quarter of 2016 as described above ($17 million), which was offset by unfavorable loss reserve development in the prior year in our combined insurance supplemental a&h program business.
corporate corporate results primarily include the results of our non-insurance companies, income and expenses not attributable to reportable segments and loss and loss expenses of asbestos and environmental (a&e) liabilities.
our exposure to a&e claims principally arises out of liabilities acquired when we purchased westchester specialty in 1998, cigna's p&c business in 1999, and legacy chubb corp a&e claims in 2016. corporate staff expenses and net investment income of chubb limited, including the amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets and debt, interest expense, amortization of purchased intangibles related to the chubb corp acquisition, chubb integration expenses and other merger related expenses, the one-time pension curtailment benefit related to the harmonization of our u.s. pension plans, and the results of chubb group management and holdings ltd, and chubb ina holdings inc. are reported within corporate.
% change
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)          2017                2016                2015            2017 vs. 2016             2016 vs. 2015
losses and loss expenses                                       $285                $169                $202                     68.6    %                (16.3   )%
policy acquisition costs                                          -                   -                   1                        -                        nm administrative expenses                                         267                 183                 188                     45.9    %                 (2.7   )%
underwriting loss                                               552                 352                 391                     56.8    %                (10.0   )%
net investment income (loss)                                   (283   )            (368   )              15                    (23.1   )%                   nm interest expense                                                607                 605                 300                      0.3    %                101.7    %
adjusted net realized gains (losses)                             91                (140   )            (411   )                   nm                     (65.9   )%
other (income) expense                                         (318   )            (217   )             (47   )                 46.5    %                361.7    %
amortization expense (benefit) of purchased intangibles         168                 (80   )               -                       nm                        nm chubb integration expenses                                      310                 492                  33                    (37.0   )%                   nm income tax expense (benefit)                                   (139   )             815                 462                       nm                      76.4    %
net corporate loss                                          $(1,372   )         $(2,475   )         $(1,535   )                (44.6   )%                 61.2    %
nm - not meaningful losses and loss expenses in 2017, 2016, and 2015 were primarily due to unfavorable prior period development related to brandywine asbestos and environmental exposures and related unallocated loss adjustment expenses. refer to note 7 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2016, we amended several of our u.s. retirement programs as part of a harmonization effort that moved us towards a more unified retirement savings approach. this resulted in a one-time pension curtailment benefit of $113 million, $23 million of which was related to claims staff and was therefore recorded in losses and loss expenses in the above table. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the pension curtailment.
71
administrative expenses were higher by $84 million in 2017 compared to 2016 which included the one-time pension curtailment benefit in 2016 discussed above, of which $90 million reduced administrative expenses last year. this increase was partially offset by integration-related expense savings ($34 million) and lower post-retirement benefit expenses ($7 million).
administrative expenses were lower by $5 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the one-time pension curtailment benefit in 2016, offset by the addition of chubb corp expenses from the chubb corp acquisition of $69 million. on a comparative basis, administrative expenses decreased $131 million, primarily due to the one-time pension curtailment benefit and cost savings of $25 million realized as a result of the chubb corp acquisition.
net investment income for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 included amortization of $332 million and $393 million, respectively, related to the fair value adjustment on invested assets related to the chubb corp acquisition. excluding the fair value adjustment amortization, net investment income increased by $24 million and $10 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to a higher overall invested asset base. refer to the net investment income section for a discussion on consolidated net investment income.
interest expense increased $2 million in 2017 primarily due to the timing of the chubb corp acquisition in the prior year which excluded approximately $8 million of interest expense incurred prior to the chubb corp acquisition close on january 14, 2016 and higher interest expense related to our notional cash pool ($30 million) and repurchase agreements ($6 million) in 2017. these increases were partially offset by the conversion of the interest rate on our $1.0 billion of unsecured junior subordinated capital securities to a floating rate, equal to the three-month libor plus 2.25 percentage points ($17 million) and the retirement of the $500 million of 5.7% senior debt that matured in february 2017 ($25 million). interest expense increased $305 million in 2016 primarily driven by the $5.3 billion senior notes issued in november 2015, as well as the $3.3 billion par value of debt assumed in connection with the chubb corp acquisition.
during 2017, net realized gains of $91 million were primarily associated with a net decrease in the fair value of glb liabilities of $364 million. the decrease was primarily due to higher global equity market levels and annual changes in our assumptions for interest rates and assumptions on policyholder behavior. these impacts were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year. the net gains associated with the valuation of glb liabilities were partially offset by realized losses on our investment portfolio of $37 million. refer to note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the fair value of glb liabilities.
during 2016, net realized losses of $140 million were primarily associated with net losses on our investment portfolio of $156 million, partially offset by realized gains associated with a net decrease in the fair value of glb liabilities of $50 million. the decrease was primarily due to higher global equity market levels and the impact of updating our assumptions on policyholder behavior, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year.
during 2015, realized losses of $411 million were primarily associated with a net increase in the fair value of glb liabilities; this increase was primarily due to the falling equity market levels and the unfavorable impact of discounting future claims for one less year, partially offset by higher interest rates. additionally, there were realized losses on our investment portfolio of $106 million.
as part of our loss mitigation strategy for our glb exposures, we maintain positions in derivative instruments that decrease in fair value when the s&p 500 index increases. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, we experienced realized losses of $261 million, $136 million, and $10 million, respectively, related to these derivative instruments. for further discussion of the remaining net realized gains and (losses), refer to the net realized and unrealized gains (losses) section.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, other income recognized in corporate was $318 million, compared to $217 million and $47 million in the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, comprised of:
   other income in 2017 of $406 million, compared to $227 million, and $67 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, from our share of net realized gains from partially-owned investment companies.
   other expense in 2017 of $88 million, compared to $10 million and $20 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the higher expense in 2017 was primarily due to a $50 million charitable contribution to the chubb charitable foundation and an increase in capital taxes resulting from a higher equity base after the chubb corp acquisition.
72
amortization expense of purchased intangibles increased $248 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily reflecting the increase in intangible amortization expense related to agency distribution relationships and renewal rights as well as lower amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment of unpaid losses and loss expenses acquired as part of the chubb corp acquisition. refer to the amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization section for further information.
chubb integration expenses the following table presents the components of chubb integration expenses:
(in millions of u.s dollars)                  2017          2016        2015
personnel-related expenses                    $168          $181          $-
consulting fees                                 64           125          16
leases and real estate termination costs        26            58           -
legal fees                                       -             -           6
system integration costs                         -             -           5
advisor fees                                     -            38           -
other                                           52            90           6
totals                                        $310          $492         $33
chubb integration expenses are one-time in nature and are not related to the on-going business activities of the segments. the chief executive officer does not manage segment results or allocate resources to segments when considering these costs and they are therefore excluded from our definition of segment income.
effective income tax rate our effective income tax rate, which we calculate as income tax expense divided by income before income tax, is dependent upon the mix of earnings from different jurisdictions with various tax rates. a change in the geographic mix of earnings would change the effective income tax rate.
in 2017, 2016, and 2015, our effective income tax rate was (3.7) percent, 16.5 percent, and 14.0 percent, respectively. the effective income tax rate in 2017 included the favorable transition income tax benefit of $450 million, representing our best estimate of the impact of the 2017 tax act. this benefit was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017, the period when the legislation was enacted. in addition, the income tax benefit in 2017 reflects the significant catastrophe losses in the year. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the 2017 tax act. the increase in the effective income tax rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to realized losses being generated in lower taxing jurisdictions and realized gains being generated in higher taxing jurisdictions in 2016, compared to net realized losses in both higher and lower taxing jurisdictions in 2015. additionally, a higher percentage of profit excluding realized gains and losses were generated in higher taxing jurisdictions in 2016, largely driven by earnings generated as a result of the chubb corp acquisition.
the lower tax rates attributed to our foreign operations primarily reflect the lower corporate tax rates that have prevailed outside of the u.s. prior to the u.s. tax reform. during 2017, approximately 62 percent of our total pre-tax income was tax effected based on these lower rates compared with 54 percent and 69 percent in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the significant lower taxing jurisdictions outside of the u.s. include the u.k., switzerland, and bermuda with federal income tax rates in those countries of 19.0 percent, 7.83 percent, and 0.0 percent, respectively.
73
non-gaap reconciliation we provide financial measures such as net premiums written and net premiums earned on a constant-dollar basis. we believe it is useful to evaluate the trends in these measures exclusive of the effect of fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and the currencies in which our international business is transacted, as these exchange rates could fluctuate significantly between periods and distort the analysis of trends. the impact is determined by assuming constant foreign exchange rates between periods by translating prior period results using the same local currency exchange rates as the comparable current period.
p&c performance metrics are non-gaap financial measures and comprise consolidated operating results (including corporate) and exclude the operating results of the life insurance segment. we believe that these measures are useful and meaningful to investors as they are used by management to assess the company's p&c operations which are the most economically similar.  we exclude the life insurance segment because the results of this business do not always correlate with the results of our p&c operations.
the p&c combined ratio is a non-gaap financial measure and includes the impact of realized gains and losses on crop derivatives. these derivatives were purchased to provide economic benefit, in a manner similar to reinsurance protection, in the event that a significant decline in commodity pricing will impact underwriting results. we view gains and losses on these derivatives as part of the results of our underwriting operations. the p&c combined ratio also excludes the one-time pension curtailment benefit recognized in 2016. current accident year (cay) p&c combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses excludes the impact of catastrophe losses and ppd. we believe this measure provides a better evaluation of our underwriting performance and enhances the understanding of the trends in our property and casualty business that may be obscured by these items.
74
the following table presents the calculation of combined ratio, as reported, to combined ratio, adjusted for catastrophe losses (cats) and ppd:
north america commercial p&amp;c insurance                          north america personal p&amp;c insurance                          north america agricultural insurance                          overseas general insurance                         globalreinsurance                               corporate                           total p&amp;c for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017
(in millions of u.s. dollars except for ratios)
numerator losses and loss expenses losses and loss expenses                                              a                                                $8,287                                                            $3,265                                                        $1,043                                              $4,281                                      $561                                    $285                                 $17,722
catastrophe losses                                                                                                     (1,220         )                                                    (871         )                                                 (18         )                                      (331         )                            (313         )                             -                                  (2,753         )
ppd and related adjustments ppd, net of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)             746                                                                                                                   (69         )                                                 119                                                 252                                        59                                    (278         )                           829
net earned premium adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)       42                                                                                                                      -                                                            66                                                   -                                        (4         )                             -                                     104
expense adjustments - unfavorable (favorable)                         6                                                                                                                       -                                                           (11         )                                         -                                         -                                       -                                      (5         )
reinstatement premiums expensed on ppd                                9                                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                 -                                         -                                       -                                       9
ppd - gross of related adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)          803                                                                                                                   (69         )                                                 174                                                 252                                        55                                    (278         )                           937
cay loss and loss expense ex cats                                     b                                                $7,870                                                            $2,325                                                        $1,199                                              $4,202                                      $303                                      $7                                 $15,906
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses                  c                                                $2,854                                                            $1,163                                                           $73                                              $3,203                                      $221                                    $267                                  $7,781
expense adjustments - favorable (unfavorable)                                                                              (6         )                                                       -                                                            11                                                   -                                         -                                       -                                       5
policy acquisition costs and administrative expenses, adjusted        d                                                $2,848                                                            $1,163                                                           $84                                              $3,203                                      $221                                    $267                                  $7,786
denominator net premiums earned                                                   e                                               $12,191                                                            $4,399                                                        $1,508                                              $8,131                                      $704                                                                         $26,933
reinstatement premiums (collected) expensed on catastrophe losses     4                                                                                                                      22                                                             -                                                   4                                       (37         )                                                                    (7         )
net earned premium adjustments on ppd - unfavorable (favorable)       42                                                                                                                      -                                                            66                                                   -                                        (4         )                                                                   104
reinstatement premiums expensed on ppd                                9                                                                                                                       -                                                             -                                                   -                                         -                                                                               9
net premiums earned excluding adjustments                             f                                               $12,246                                                            $4,421                                                        $1,574                                              $8,135                                      $663                                                                         $27,039
combined ratio losses and loss expense ratio                                         a/e                                                68.0         %                                                    74.2         %                                                69.2         %                                      52.6         %                            79.8         %                                                                  65.8         %
policy acquisition costs and administrative expense ratio             c/e                                                23.4         %                                                    26.5         %                                                 4.8         %                                      39.4         %                            31.4         %                                                                  28.9         %
combined ratio                                                        91.4                                                            %                                                   100.7         %                                                74.0         %                                      92.0         %                           111.2         %                                                                  94.7         %
cay combined ratio, adjusted for cats loss and loss expense ratio, adjusted                                 b/f                                                64.3         %                                                    52.6         %                                                76.2         %                                      51.7         %                            46.0         %                                                                  58.8         %
policy acquisition costs and administrative expense ratio, adjusted   d/f                                                23.2         %                                                    26.3         %                                                 5.3         %                                      39.3         %                            33.2         %                                                                  28.8         %
cay combined ratio, adjusted for cats                                 87.5                                                            %                                                    78.9         %                                                81.5         %                                      91.0         %                            79.2         %                                                                  87.6         %
note: the ratios above are calculated using whole u.s. dollars. accordingly, calculations using rounded amounts may differ. letters a, b, c, d, e, and f included in the table are references for calculating the ratios above.
75
"comparative basis" measures presented throughout this section are prepared exclusive of the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition in order to present the underlying profitability of our insurance business for the entire relevant periods. we believe this measure provides visibility into our results, allows for comparability to our historical results and is consistent with how management evaluates results. we have discussed our results on a "comparative basis" for 2016 and 2015, defined below:
2016 "comparative basis" results: the combined company results do not include the impact of the unearned premium reserves intangible amortization and the elimination of the historical policy acquisition costs as a result of purchase accounting related to the chubb corp acquisition. the combined company results for the year ended december 31, 2016 are inclusive of the first 14 days of january 2016 (the chubb corp acquisition closed january 14, 2016).
2015 "comparative basis" results: legacy ace plus legacy chubb corp historical results after accounting policy alignment adjustments, including reclassifying certain legacy chubb corp corporate expenses to administrative expenses and redefining legacy chubb corp segment underwriting income by allocating the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs to each segment. 2015 "comparative basis" results exclude purchase accounting adjustments.
the following tables present a reconciliation of 2016 "comparative basis" results to 2016 results, as well as 2015 "comparative basis" results to 2015 results and pro forma results as calculated in accordance with sec article 11:
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except percentages)      north america commercial p&amp;c insurance               north america personal p&amp;c insurance           north america agricultural insurance               overseas general insurance             global reinsurance               life insurance              consolidated net premiums written
2016
net premiums written                                                                      $11,740                                                 $4,153                                         $1,328                                   $8,124                           $676                       $2,124                   $28,145
14 day stub period                                                                            519                                                    100                                              -                                      215                             20                            1                       855
2016 comparative basis                                                                    $12,259                                                 $4,253                                         $1,328                                   $8,339                           $696                       $2,125                   $29,000
2015 comparative basis net premiums written                                                                       $5,715                                                 $1,192                                         $1,346                                   $6,634                           $828                       $1,998                   $17,713
legacy chubb                                                                                6,899                                                  3,570                                              -                                    2,099                             29                           36                    12,633
accounting policy alignment                                                                     -                                                      -                                              -                                       18                              -                           59                        77
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                $12,614                                                 $4,762                                         $1,346                                   $8,751                           $857                       $2,093                   $30,423
constant-dollar 2015 comparative basis                                                    $12,605                                                 $4,756                                         $1,346                                   $8,244                           $843                       $2,049                   $29,843
constant-dollar change comparative basis                                                    $(346    )                                             $(503    )                                      $(18    )                                 $95                          $(147    )                     $76                     $(843    )
constant-dollar percent change comparative basis                                             (2.8   )%                                             (10.6   )%                                      (1.3   )%                                 1.2   %                      (17.5   )%                     3.7   %                  (2.8   )%
net premiums earned
2016
net premiums earned                                                                       $12,217                                                 $4,319                                         $1,316                                   $8,132                           $710                       $2,055                   $28,749
14 day stub period                                                                            208                                                    110                                              -                                       71                              -                            2                       391
2016 comparative basis                                                                    $12,425                                                 $4,429                                         $1,316                                   $8,203                           $710                       $2,057                   $29,140
2015 comparative basis net premiums earned                                                                        $5,634                                                   $948                                         $1,364                                   $6,471                           $849                       $1,947                   $17,213
legacy chubb                                                                                6,850                                                  3,506                                              -                                    2,096                             26                           40                    12,518
accounting policy alignment                                                                     -                                                      -                                              -                                       (1   )                          -                           56                        55
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                $12,484                                                 $4,454                                         $1,364                                   $8,566                           $875                       $2,043                   $29,786
constant-dollar 2015 comparative basis                                                    $12,471                                                 $4,454                                         $1,364                                   $8,122                           $863                       $2,001                   $29,275
constant-dollar change comparative basis                                                     $(46    )                                              $(25    )                                      $(48    )                                 $81                          $(153    )                     $56                     $(135    )
constant-dollar percent change comparative basis                                             (0.4   )%                                              (0.6   )%                                      (3.6   )%                                 1.0   %                      (17.9   )%                     2.8   %                  (0.5   )%
(1) comparative basis amounts for premium are calculated on the same basis as sec pro forma.
76
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                         north america commercial p&amp;c insurance              north america personal p&amp;c insurance          north america agricultural insurance                 overseas general insurance          global reinsurance                corporate             total p&amp;c loss and loss expenses
2016
loss and loss expenses                                                                    $7,439                                                $2,558          $893                                                                     $4,005          $325                                   $169                   $15,389
14 day stub period                                                                           127                                                    53          -                                                                            42          -                                         -                       222
(gain) loss on crop derivatives                                                                -                                                     -       5                                                                                -          -                                         -                         5
pension curtailment benefit                                                                    -                                                     -          -                                                                             -          -                                        23                        23
2016 comparative basis                                                                    $7,566                                                $2,611          $898                                                                     $4,047          $325                                   $192                   $15,639
2015
loss and loss expenses                                                                    $3,661                                                  $590          $1,088                                                                   $3,052          $290                                   $202                    $8,883
legacy chubb                                                                               3,681                                                 2,079          -                                                                         1,064                              5                   105                     6,934
(gain) loss on crop derivatives                                                                -                                                     -       9                                                                                -          -                                         -                         9
accounting policy alignments                                                                   -                                                     -          -                                                                             4          -                                       (14   )                   (10   )
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                $7,342                                                $2,669          $1,097                                                                   $4,120          $295                                   $293                   $15,816
policy acquisition costs
2016
policy acquisition costs                                                                  $2,023                                                  $966          $83                                                                      $2,136          $187                                     $-                    $5,395
amortization of acquired upr intangible asset                                               (859   )                                              (492   )      -                                                                          (208   )      -                                         -                    (1,559   )
elimination of deferred acquisition cost benefit                                             729                                                   406          -                                                                           238          -                                         -                     1,373
14 day stub period                                                                            33                                                    14          -                                                                            13          -                                         -                        60
2016 comparative basis                                                                    $1,926                                                  $894          $83                                                                      $2,179          $187                                     $-                    $5,269
2015
policy acquisition costs                                                                    $531                                                   $69          $69                                                                      $1,581          $214                                     $1                    $2,465
legacy chubb                                                                               1,321                                                   774          -                                                                           491          -                                         -                     2,586
accounting policy alignment                                                                  128                                                    15          -                                                                           138          -                                         -                       281
2015 comparative basis                                                                    $1,980                                                  $858          $69                                                                      $2,210          $214                                     $1                    $5,332
amortization of acquired upr intangible asset                                                855                                                   490          -                                                                           205          -                                         -                     1,550
elimination of deferred acquisition cost benefit                                            (709   )                                              (406   )      -                                                                          (169   )      -                                         -                    (1,284   )
2015 sec pro forma                                                                        $2,126                                                  $942          $69                                                                      $2,246          $214                                     $1                    $5,598
administrative expenses
2016
administrative expenses                                                                   $1,125                                                  $363          $(6                                       )                              $1,057          $52                                    $183                    $2,774
pension curtailment benefit                                                                    -                                                     -          -                                                                             -          -                                        90                        90
14 day stub period                                                                            35                                                    13          -                                                                            12          -                                         3                        63
2016 comparative basis                                                                    $1,160                                                  $376          $(6                                       )                              $1,069          $52                                    $276                    $2,927
2015
administrative expenses                                                                     $621                                                  $123          $1                                                                         $997          $49                                    $188                    $1,979
legacy chubb                                                                                 694                                                   271          -                                                                           343                              6                    45                     1,359
accounting policy alignment                                                                 (128   )                                               (15   )      -                                                                          (142   )      -                                        84                      (201   )
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                $1,187                                                  $379          $1                                                                       $1,198          $55                                    $317                    $3,137
(favorable) unfavorable ppd, pre-tax
2015
(favorable) unfavorable ppd, pre-tax                                                       $(264   )                                               $25          $(45                                      )                               $(343   )      $(119                   )              $200                     $(546   )
legacy chubb                                                                                (519   )                                               (43   )      -                                                                          (134   )      (19                     )                91                      (624   )
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                 $(783   )                                              $(18   )      $(45                                      )                               $(477   )      $(138                   )              $291                   $(1,170   )
catastrophe losses, pre-tax
2015
catastrophe losses, pre-tax                                                                  $85                                                   $63          $9                                                                         $142          $22                                      $-                      $321
legacy chubb                                                                                 183                                                   320          -                                                                            20                              4                     -                       527
2015 comparative basis (1)                                                                  $268                                                  $383          $9                                                                         $162          $26                                      $-                      $848
(1) comparative basis amounts for loss and loss expenses, administrative expenses, prior period development and catastrophe losses are calculated on the same basis as sec pro forma.
77
net investment income
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                                                              2017                2016                2015
fixed maturities                                                                                                                         $2,987              $2,779              $2,157
short-term investments                                                                                                                      131                  93                  49
equity securities                                                                                                                            38                  36                  16
other investments                                                                                                                           133                  98                  86
gross investment income (1)                                                                                                               3,289               3,006               2,308
investment expenses                                                                                                                        (164   )            (141   )            (114   )
net investment income (1)                                                                                                                $3,125              $2,865              $2,194
(1) includes amortization expense related to fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets related to the chub corp acquisition       $(332   )           $(393   )              $-
net investment income is influenced by a number of factors including the amounts and timing of inward and outward cash flows, the level of interest rates, and changes in overall asset allocation. net investment income increased 9.1 percent in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflecting higher private equity income distributions that included a $44 million final distribution from a co-investment with one of our private equity fund partners and a higher overall invested asset base. additionally, the current year's amortization expense related to the fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets is $61 million less than prior year. net investment income increased 30.6 percent in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to the chubb corp acquisition which added $1.2 billion of net investment income, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of liquidating investments to fund the acquisition, and the unfavorable impact of amortizing the purchase accounting fair value adjustment to investments at the date of acquisition of $393 million.
our yield on average invested assets was 3.5 percent in 2017 and 3.4 percent and 3.5 percent in 2016 and 2015, respectively, which is primarily driven by the yield on our fixed maturities. this compares to the average market yield, which represents the weighted average yield to maturity of our fixed income portfolio based on market prices of the holdings throughout the period, of 2.8 percent for 2017 and 2.4 percent and 2.8 percent in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the following table shows the yield on average invested assets:
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)        2017                2016                2015
average invested assets                                   $99,675             $96,656             $63,252
net investment income                                      $3,125              $2,865              $2,194
yield on average invested assets (1)                          3.5   %             3.4   %             3.5   %
(1)   excludes $332 million and $393 million of amortization on the purchase accounting fair value adjustment of acquired invested assets related to the chubb corp acquisition in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
net realized and unrealized gains (losses)
we take a long-term view with our investment strategy, and our investment managers manage our investment portfolio to maximize total return within certain specific guidelines designed to minimize risk. the majority of our investment portfolio is available for sale and reported at fair value. our held to maturity investment portfolio is reported at amortized cost.
the effect of market movements on our available for sale investment portfolio impacts net income (through net realized gains (losses)) when securities are sold or when we record an other-than-temporary impairment (otti) charge in net income. for a discussion related to how we assess otti for all of our investments, including credit-related otti, and the related impact on net income, refer to note 3 d) to the consolidated financial statements. additionally, net income is impacted through the reporting of changes in the fair value of derivatives, including financial futures, options, swaps, and glb reinsurance. changes in unrealized appreciation and depreciation on available for sale securities resulting from the revaluation of securities held, changes in cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment, and unrealized postretirement benefit obligations liability adjustment, are reported as separate components of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
78
the following table presents our net realized and unrealized gains (losses):
year ended december 31, 2017                                                                            year ended december 31, 2016
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                       netrealizedgains(losses)                netunrealizedgains(losses)               netimpact              netrealizedgains(losses)                netunrealizedgains(losses)               netimpact fixed maturities                                                                                        $(31    )                                 $537                    $506                                 $(163    )                                  $83                    $(80   )
fixed income derivatives                                                                                 (11    )                                    -                     (11   )                               (33    )                                    -                     (33   )
public equity                                                                                             16                                        88                     104                                    44                                        52                      96
private equity                                                                                           (11    )                                    8                      (3   )                                (4    )                                  (49    )                (53   )
total investment portfolio (1)                                                                           (37    )                                  633                     596                                  (156    )                                   86                     (70   )
variable annuity reinsurance derivative transactions, net of applicable hedges                           103                                         -                     103                                   (83    )                                    -                     (83   )
other derivatives                                                                                         (5    )                                    -                      (5   )                               (10    )                                    -                     (10   )
foreign exchange                                                                                          36                                       471                     507                                   118                                      (154    )                (36   )
other                                                                                                    (13    )                                  (16    )                (29   )                               (14    )                                  543                     529
net gains (losses) before tax                                                                            $84                                    $1,088                  $1,172                                 $(145    )                                 $475                    $330
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2017, other-than-temporary impairments in net realized gains (losses) include $23 million for fixed maturities, $10 million for public equity, and $12 million for private equity. for the year ended december 31, 2016, other-than-temporary impairments in net realized gains (losses) include $81 million for fixed maturities, $8 million for public equity, and $14 million for private equity.
amortization of purchased intangibles and other amortization amortization expense related to purchased intangibles amounted to $260 million, $19 million, and $171 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. amortization expense of purchased intangibles was low in 2016 reflecting the favorable impact of the amortization benefit from the fair value adjustment on acquired unpaid losses and loss expenses. this benefit was lower in 2017 and will be comparatively lower in 2018. as a result, the amortization of purchased intangibles is expected to increase to $338 million in 2018 as presented in the table below.
amortization expense in 2018 is expected to be $338 million as shown in the table below, or approximately $85 million each quarter.
the following table presents, as of december 31, 2017, the estimated pre-tax amortization expense (benefit) of purchased intangibles, at current foreign currency exchange rates, for the next five years:
associated with the chubb corp acquisition for the years ending december 31      agency distribution relationships and renewal rights               internally developed technology                 fair value adjustment on unpaid losses and loss expense                   total (1)        other intangible assets (2)         total amortization of purchased intangibles
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
2018                                                      $325               $32                                             $(102                                                       )                  $255                                $83                                                $338
2019                                                       282               -                                               (63                                                         )                   219                                 75                                                 294
2020                                                       241               -                                               (36                                                         )                   205                                 67                                                 272
2021                                                       218               -                                               (20                                                         )                   198                                 61                                                 259
2022                                                       198               -                                               (14                                                         )                   184                                 57                                                 241
total                                                    $1,264               $32                                             $(235                                                       )                $1,061                               $343                                              $1,404
(1) recorded in corporate.
(2) recorded in applicable segment(s) that acquired the intangible assets.
79
reduction of deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets related to other intangible assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on unpaid losses and loss expense)
at december 31, 2017, the deferred tax liability associated with the other intangibles assets (excluding the fair value adjustment on unpaid losses and loss expenses) was $1,433 million.
the following table presents, as of december 31, 2017, the expected reduction to the deferred tax liability associated with other intangible assets (which reduces as agency distribution relationships and renewal rights, internally developed technology, and other intangible assets amortize), at current foreign currency exchange rates for the next five years:
for the years ending december 31     reduction to deferred tax liability associated with intangible assets
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
2018                                                                       $97
2019                                                                        79
2020                                                                        68
2021                                                                        61
2022                                                                        56
total                                                                      $361
amortization of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets and assumed long-term debt the following table presents at december 31, 2017, the expected amortization expense of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets, at current foreign currency exchange rates, and the expected amortization benefit from the amortization of the fair value adjustment on assumed long-term debt for the next five years as follows:
amortization (expense) benefit of the fair value adjustment on for the years ending december 31   acquired invested assets (1)                                   assumed long-term debt (2)
(in millions of u.s. dollars)
2018   $(300                             )                                                   $31
2019   (270                              )                                                    19
2020   (250                              )                                                    19
2021   (38                               )                                                    19
2022   -                                                                                      19
total   $(858                             )                                                  $107
(1) recorded as a reduction to net investment income in the consolidated statements of operations.
(2) recorded as a reduction to interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations.
the estimate of amortization expense of the fair value adjustment on acquired invested assets could vary materially based on current market conditions, bond calls, overall duration of the acquired investment portfolio, and foreign exchange.
interest expense interest expense in 2017 of $607 million was comprised of interest expense on our debt obligations ($560 million) which included $8 million of amortization of debt issuance costs, interest expense on notional pools ($56 million), fees on collateral, and repurchase agreements and credit facility usage ($40 million). this expense was offset by the amortization of the fair value of debt related to the chubb corp acquisition ($49 million). interest expense in 2016 was comparable at $605 million.
for 2018, interest expense on our existing debt obligations is expected to be $513 million, which includes $8 million of amortization of debt issuance costs. this estimate excludes interest expense expected to be incurred in 2018 relating to our notional pools, fees on collateral, repurchase agreements and credit facilities, as interest expense in these arrangements are based on usage and could fluctuate from prior years. this estimated interest expense also excludes $31 million of expected amortization of fair value of debt related to the chubb corp acquisition.
80
investments our investment portfolio is invested primarily in publicly traded, investment grade, fixed income securities with an average credit quality of a/aa as rated by the independent investment rating services standard and poor's (s&p)/ moody's investors service (moody's). the portfolio is externally managed by independent, professional investment managers and is broadly diversified across geographies, sectors, and issuers. other investments principally comprise direct investments, investment funds, and limited partnerships. we hold no collateralized debt obligations in our investment portfolio, and we provide no credit default protection. we have long-standing global credit limits for our entire portfolio across the organization. exposures are aggregated, monitored, and actively managed by our global credit committee, comprising senior executives, including our chief financial officer, our chief risk officer, our chief investment officer, and our treasurer. we also have well-established, strict contractual investment rules requiring managers to maintain highly diversified exposures to individual issuers and closely monitor investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
the average duration of our fixed income securities, including the effect of options and swaps, was 4.2 years at both december 31, 2017 and 2016. we estimate that a 100 basis point (bps) increase in interest rates would reduce the valuation of our fixed income portfolio by approximately $4.1 billion at december 31, 2017.
the following table shows the fair value and cost/amortized cost of our invested assets:
december 31, 2017                                   december 31, 2016
(in millions of u.s. dollars)           fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost         fairvalue                cost/amortizedcost fixed maturities available for sale       $78,939                           $77,835           $80,115                           $79,536
fixed maturities held to maturity          14,474                            14,335            10,670                            10,644
short-term investments                      3,561                             3,561             3,002                             3,002
96,974                            95,731            93,787                            93,182
equity securities                             937        737                          814                    706
other investments                           4,672                             4,417             4,519                             4,270
total investments                        $102,583                          $100,885           $99,120                           $98,158
the fair value of our total investments increased $3.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to the investing of operating cash flows, unrealized appreciation, and the favorable impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by the payment of dividends on our common shares, repurchases of our common shares, and the repayment of $500 million senior notes that matured in february 2017.
81
the following tables present the market value of our fixed maturities and short-term investments at december 31, 2017 and 2016. the first table lists investments according to type and the second according to s&p credit rating:
december 31, 2017                                  december 31, 2016
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)      market value               % of total              market value               % of total treasury                                                         $4,049                        4   %                $2,832                        3   %
agency                                                              564                        1   %                   699                        1   %
corporate and asset-backed securities                            27,215                       28   %                26,944                       29   %
mortgage-backed securities                                       18,032                       19   %                15,435                       16   %
municipal                                                        20,766                       21   %                22,768                       24   %
non-u.s.                                                         22,787                       23   %                22,107                       24   %
short-term investments                                            3,561                        4   %                 3,002                        3   %
total                                                           $96,974                      100   %               $93,787                      100   %
aaa                                                             $15,512                       16   %               $15,746                       17   %
aa                                                               37,407                       39   %                36,235                       39   %
a                                                                18,369                       19   %                17,519                       19   %
bbb                                                              12,377                       13   %                12,237                       13   %
bb                                                                7,941                        8   %                 6,993                        7   %
b                                                                 5,135                        5   %                 4,814                        5   %
other                                                               233                        -                       243                        -
total                                                           $96,974                      100   %               $93,787                      100   %
corporate and asset-backed securities the following table presents our 10 largest global exposures to corporate bonds by market value at december 31, 2017:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)      market value wells fargo &amp; co                       $579
jp morgan chase &amp; co                    465
anheuser-busch inbev nv                     439
goldman sachs group inc                     437
at&amp;t inc                                406
general electric co                         376
verizon communications inc                  345
morgan stanley                              335
bank of america corp                        320
citigroup inc                               312
82
mortgage-backed securities s&amp;p credit rating                                                                            market value          amortized cost december 31, 2017 (in millions of u.s. dollars)   aaa                        aa           a                 bbb             bb andbelow                   total                   total agency residential mortgage-backed (rmbs)         $-                    $14,876           $-                $-              $-                          $14,876                 $14,857
non-agency rmbs                                   11                         10                72       16              26                  135                   133
commercial mortgage-backed                        2,858                     118                45           -               -                             3,021                   3,013
total mortgage-backed securities                  $2,869                $15,004           $117              $16             $26                         $18,032                 $18,003
municipal as part of our overall investment strategy, we may invest in states, municipalities, and other political subdivisions fixed maturity securities (municipal). we apply the same investment selection process described previously to our municipal investments. the portfolio is highly diversified primarily in state general obligation bonds and essential service revenue bonds including education and utilities (water, power, and sewers).
non-u.s.
our exposure to the euro results primarily from chubb european group limited which is headquartered in london and offers a broad range of coverages throughout the european union, central, and eastern europe. chubb primarily invests in euro denominated investments to support its local currency insurance obligations and required capital levels. chubb's local currency investment portfolios have strict contractual investment guidelines requiring managers to maintain a high quality and diversified portfolio to both sector and individual issuers. investment portfolios are monitored daily to ensure investment manager compliance with portfolio guidelines.
our non-u.s. investment grade fixed income portfolios are currency-matched with the insurance liabilities of our non-u.s. operations. the average credit quality of our non-u.s. fixed income securities is a and 55 percent of our holdings are rated aaa or guaranteed by governments or quasi-government agencies. within the context of these investment portfolios, our government and corporate bond holdings are highly diversified across industries and geographies. issuer limits are based on credit rating (aa-two percent, a-one percent, bbb-0.5 percent of the total portfolio) and are monitored daily via an internal compliance system. because of this investment approach, we do not have a direct exposure to troubled sovereign borrowers in europe. we manage our indirect exposure using the same credit rating based investment approach. accordingly, we do not believe our indirect exposure is material.
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. government securities at december 31, 2017:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                 market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                      $1,387                  $1,364
republic of korea                                    1,056                     978
canada                                                 933                     944
federative republic of brazil                          741                     730
province of ontario                                    646                     647
united mexican states                                  536                     544
province of quebec                                     507                     507
kingdom of thailand                                    462                     431
federal republic of germany                            424                     419
french republic                                        326                     313
other non-u.s. government securities (1)             4,497                   4,385
total                                              $11,515                 $11,262
(1) there are no investments in portugal, ireland, italy, greece or spain.
83
the following table summarizes the market value and amortized cost of our non-u.s. fixed income portfolio by country/sovereign for non-u.s. corporate securities at december 31, 2017:
(in millions of u.s. dollars)            market value          amortized cost united kingdom                                 $1,979                  $1,904
canada                                          1,413                   1,396
united states (1)                                 960                     939
france                                            829                     804
netherlands                                       773                     754
australia                                         758                     743
germany                                           561                     545
switzerland                                       356                     345
japan                                             319                     320
china                                             312                     308
other non-u.s. corporate securities             3,012                   2,932
total                                         $11,272                 $10,990
(1) the countries that are listed in the non-u.s. corporate fixed income portfolio above represent the ultimate parent company's country of risk. non-u.s. corporate securities could be issued by foreign subsidiaries of u.s. corporations.
below-investment grade corporate fixed income portfolio below-investment grade securities have different characteristics than investment grade corporate debt securities. risk of loss from default by the borrower is greater with below-investment grade securities. below-investment grade securities are generally unsecured and are often subordinated to other creditors of the issuer. also, issuers of below-investment grade securities usually have higher levels of debt and are more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as recession or increasing interest rates, than investment grade issuers. at december 31, 2017, our corporate fixed income investment portfolio included below-investment grade and non-rated securities which, in total, comprised approximately 12 percent of our fixed income portfolio. our below-investment grade and non-rated portfolio includes over 1,100 issuers, with the greatest single exposure being $152 million.
we manage high-yield bonds as a distinct and separate asset class from investment grade bonds. the allocation to high-yield bonds is explicitly set by internal management and is targeted to securities in the upper tier of credit quality (bb/b). our minimum rating for initial purchase is bb/b. nine external investment managers are responsible for high-yield security selection and portfolio construction. our high-yield managers have a conservative approach to credit selection and very low historical default experience. holdings are highly diversified across industries and generally subject to a 1.5 percent issuer limit as a percentage of high-yield allocation. we monitor position limits daily through an internal compliance system. derivative and structured securities (e.g., credit default swaps and collateralized loan obligations) are not permitted in the high-yield portfolio.
asbestos and environmental (a&e)
asbestos and environmental (a&e) reserving considerations for asbestos, chubb faces claims relating to policies issued to manufacturers, distributors, installers, and other parties in the chain of commerce for asbestos and products containing asbestos. claimants will generally allege damages across an extended time period which may coincide with multiple policies covering a wide range of time periods for a single insured.
environmental claims present exposure for remediation and defense costs associated with the contamination of property as a result of pollution.
84
the following table presents count information for asbestos claims by causative agent and environmental claims by account, for direct policies only:
asbestos (by causative agent)               environmental (by account)
2017                                                            2016          2017                       2016
open at beginning of year        1,766                         1,145         1,395                      1,011
newly reported                     106                            81            81                         76
closed or otherwise disposed       123                            23           138                         18
acquired                             -                           563             -                        326
open at end of year              1,749                         1,766         1,338                      1,395
closed or otherwise disposed claims were significantly higher in 2017 due to a review of pending cases completed in 2017. survival ratios are calculated by dividing the asbestos or environmental loss and allocated loss adjustment expense (alae) reserves by the average asbestos or environmental loss and alae payments for the three most recent calendar years (3-year survival ratio). the 3-year survival ratios for gross and net asbestos loss and alae reserves were 4.5 years and 5.2 years, respectively. the 3-year survival ratios for gross and net environmental loss and alae reserves were 4.3 years and 4.4 years, respectively. the survival ratios provide only a very rough depiction of reserves and are significantly impacted by a number of factors such as aggressive settlement practices, variations in gross to ceded relationships within the asbestos or environmental claims, and levels of coverage provided. we, therefore, urge caution in using these very simplistic ratios to gauge reserve adequacy.
catastrophe management we actively monitor and manage our catastrophe risk accumulation around the world. the table below presents our modeled pre-tax estimates of natural catastrophe probable maximum loss (pml), net of reinsurance, for worldwide, u.s. hurricane and california earthquake events as of december 31, 2017. for example, according to the model, for the 1-in-100 return period scenario, there is a one percent chance that our losses incurred in any year from u.s. hurricane events could be in excess of $2,889 million (or 5.6 percent of our total shareholders' equity at december 31, 2017).
modeled net pml worldwide (1)                              u.s. hurricane                             california earthquake annual aggregate                           annual aggregate                           single occurrence
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)   chubb                 % of total           chubb                 % of total           chubb                   % of total shareholders'                              shareholders'                                shareholders'
equity                                     equity                                       equity
1-in-10   $2,033           4.0           %           $1,166           2.3           %           $366              0.7            %
1-in-100   $4,450           8.7           %           $2,889           5.6           %           $1,395            2.7            %
1-in-250   $7,267           14.2          %           $5,144           10.1          %           $1,495            2.9            %
(1) worldwide losses are comprised of losses arising only from hurricanes, typhoons, convective storms and earthquakes and do not include "non-modeled" perils such as wildfire and flood.
the above modeled loss information at december 31, 2017 reflects our in-force portfolio at october 1, 2017. the december 31, 2017 modeled loss information reflects the april 1, 2017 reinsurance program (see natural catastrophe property reinsurance program section) as well as inuring reinsurance protection coverages. included in the loss estimates for hurricane and earthquake are estimates for losses arising from storm-surge and fire-following perils respectively.
the above estimates of chubb's loss profile are inherently uncertain owing to key assumptions. first, while the use of third-party catastrophe modeling packages to simulate potential hurricane and earthquake losses is prevalent within the insurance industry, the models are reliant upon significant meteorology, seismology, and engineering assumptions to estimate catastrophe losses. in particular, modeled catastrophe events are not always a representation of actual events and ensuing additional loss potential. second, there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models, the running of the modeling software and interpretation of loss output. these loss estimates do not represent our potential maximum exposures and it is highly likely that our actual incurred losses would vary materially from the modeled estimates.
85
natural catastrophe property reinsurance program chubb's core property catastrophe reinsurance program provides protection against natural catastrophes impacting its primary property operations (i.e., excluding our global reinsurance and life insurance segments).
we regularly review our reinsurance protection and corresponding property catastrophe exposures. this may or may not lead to the purchase of additional reinsurance prior to a program's renewal date. in addition, prior to each renewal date, we consider how much, if any, coverage we intend to buy and we may make material changes to the current structure in light of various factors, including modeled pml assessment at various return periods, reinsurance pricing, our risk tolerance and exposures, and various other structuring considerations.
chubb renewed its global property catastrophe reinsurance program for our north american and international operations effective april 1, 2017 through march 31, 2018, with no significant change in coverage from the expiring program. the program consists of three layers in excess of losses retained by chubb. in addition, chubb also renewed its terrorism coverage (excluding nuclear, biological, chemical and radiation coverage, with an inclusion of coverage for biological and chemical coverage for personal lines) for the united states from april 1, 2017 through march 31, 2018 with the same limits and retention and percentage placed except that the majority of terrorism coverage is on an aggregate basis above our retentions without a reinstatement.
loss location                                  layer of loss   comments                           notes united states                      $0 million - $1.0 billion   losses retained by chubb           (a)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                    $1.0 billion -$1.25 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (b)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                    $1.25 billion -$2.0 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (c)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
united states                     $2.0 billion -$3.5 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (d)
(excluding alaska and hawaii)
international                       $0 million -$175 million   losses retained by chubb           (a)
(including alaska and hawaii)
international                     $175 million -$925 million   all natural perils and terrorism   (c)
(including alaska and hawaii)
alaska, hawaii, and canada      $925 million -$2.425 billion   all natural perils and terrorism   (d)
(a) ultimate retention will depend upon the nature of the loss and the interplay between the underlying per risk programs and certain other catastrophe programs purchased by individual business units. these other catastrophe programs have the potential to reduce our effective retention below the stated levels.
(b) these coverages are 20 percent placed with reinsurers.
(c) these coverages are both part of the same second layer within the global catastrophe program and are 100 percent placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
(d) these coverages are both part of the same third layer within the global catastrophe program and are 100 percent placed with reinsurers. as such, it may be exhausted in one region and not available in the other.
chubb also has two series of property catastrophe bonds in place (assumed as part of the chubb corp acquisition) that offer additional natural catastrophe protection for certain parts of the portfolio. the geographic scope of this coverage is from virginia through maine. the east lane vi 2014 series currently provides $270 million of coverage as part of a $300 million layer in excess of $2,660 million retention through march 14, 2018. the east lane vi 2015 series currently provides $250 million of coverage as part of a $408 million layer in excess of $2,014 million retention through march 13, 2020.
86
political risk and credit insurance political risk insurance is a specialized coverage that provides clients with protection against unexpected, catastrophic political or macroeconomic events, primarily in developing markets. we participate in this market through our wholly-owned subsidiary sovereign risk insurance ltd. (sovereign), and through a unit of our london-based cgm operation. chubb is one of the world's leading underwriters of political risk and credit insurance and has a global portfolio spread across more than 150 countries, and is also a member of the berne union. our clients include financial institutions, national export credit agencies, leading multilateral agencies, and multinational corporations. cgm writes political risk and credit insurance business out of underwriting offices in london, united kingdom; hamburg, germany; sao paulo, brazil; singapore; tokyo, japan; and in the u.s. in the following locations: chicago, illinois; new york, new york; and los angeles, california.
our political risk insurance provides protection to commercial lenders against defaults on cross border loans, insulates investors against equity losses, and protects exporters against defaults on contracts. commercial lenders, our largest client segment, are covered for missed scheduled loan repayments due to acts of confiscation, expropriation or nationalization by the host government, currency inconvertibility or exchange transfer restrictions, or war or other acts of political violence. in addition, in the case of loans to government-owned entities or loans that have a government guarantee, political risk policies cover scheduled payments against risks of non-payment or non-honoring of government guarantees. equity investors and corporations receive similar coverage to that of lenders, except they are protected against financial losses, inability to repatriate dividends, and physical damage to their operations caused by covered events. our export contracts protection provides coverage for both exporters and their financing banks against the risk of contract frustration due to government actions, including non-payment by government entities.
cgm's credit insurance businesses cover losses due to insolvency, protracted default, and political risk perils including export and license cancellation. our credit insurance product provides coverage to larger companies that have sophisticated credit risk management systems, with exposure to multiple customers and that have the ability to self-insure losses up to a certain level through excess of loss coverage. it also provides coverage to trade finance banks, exporters, and trading companies, with exposure to trade-related financing instruments.
we have implemented structural features in our policies in order to control potential losses within the political risk and credit insurance businesses. these include basic loss sharing features that include co-insurance and deductibles, and in the case of trade credit, the use of non-qualifying losses that drop smaller exposures deemed too difficult to assess. ultimate loss severity is also limited by using waiting periods to enable the insurer and insured to agree on recovery strategies, and the subrogation of the rights of the lender/exporter to the insurer following a claim. we have the option to pay claims over the original loan payment schedule, rather than in a lump sum in order to provide insureds and the insurer additional time to remedy problems and work towards full recoveries. it is important to note that political risk and credit policies are named peril conditional contracts, not financial guarantees, and claims are only paid after conditions and warranties are fulfilled. political risk and credit insurance do not cover currency devaluations, bond defaults, movements in overseas equity markets, transactions deemed illegal, situations where corruption or misrepresentation has occurred, or debt that is not legally enforceable. in addition to assessing and mitigating potential exposure on a policy-by-policy basis, we also have specific risk management measures in place to manage overall exposure and risk. these measures include placing country, credit, and individual transaction limits based on country risk and credit ratings, combined single loss limits on multi-country policies, the use of reinsurance protection, and regular modeling and stress-testing of the portfolio. we have a dedicated country and credit risk management team that are responsible for the portfolio.
crop insurance we are, and have been since the 1980s, one of the leading writers of crop insurance in the u.s. and have conducted that business through a managing general agent subsidiary of rain and hail. we provide protection throughout the u.s. on a variety of crops and are therefore geographically diversified, which reduces the risk of exposure to a single event or a heavy accumulation of losses in any one region. our crop insurance business comprises two components - multiple peril crop insurance (mpci) and crop-hail insurance.
the mpci program is offered in conjunction with the u.s. department of agriculture (usda). the policies cover revenue shortfalls or production losses due to natural causes such as drought, excessive moisture, hail, wind, frost, insects, and disease. generally, policies have deductibles ranging from 10 percent to 50 percent of the insured's risk. the usda's risk management
87
agency (rma) sets the policy terms and conditions, rates and forms, and is also responsible for setting compliance standards. as a participating company, we report all details of policies underwritten to the rma and are party to a standard reinsurance agreement (sra). the sra sets out the relationship between private insurance companies and the federal crop insurance corporation (fcic) concerning the terms and conditions regarding the risks each will bear including the pro-rata and state stop-loss provisions which allows companies to limit the exposure of any one state or group of states on their underwriting results. in addition to the pro-rata and excess of loss reinsurance protections inherent in the sra, we also purchase third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance for our mpci business to reduce our exposure. we may also enter into crop derivative contracts to further manage our risk exposure.
each year the rma issues a final sra for the subsequent reinsurance year. in june 2017, the rma released the 2018 sra which establishes the terms and conditions for the 2018 reinsurance year (i.e., july 1, 2017 through june 30, 2018) that replaced the 2017 sra. there were no significant changes in the terms and conditions, and therefore the new sra does not impact chubb's outlook on the crop program relative to 2018.
on the mpci business, we recognize net premiums written as soon as estimable, which is generally when we receive acreage reports from the policyholders on the various crops throughout the u.s. this allows us to best determine the premium associated with the liability that is being planted. the mpci program has specific timeframes as to when producers must report acreage to us and in certain cases, the reporting occurs after the close of the respective reinsurance year. once the net premium written has been recorded, the premium is then earned over the growing season for the crops. a majority of the crops that are covered in the program are typically subject to the sra in effect at the beginning of the year. given the major crops covered in the program, we typically see a substantial written and earned premium impact in the second and third quarters.
the pricing of mpci premium is determined using a number of factors including commodity prices and related volatility. for instance, in most states the pricing for the mpci revenue product for corn includes a factor that is based on the average price in february of the chicago board of trade december corn futures. to the extent that the corn commodity prices are higher in february than they were in the previous february, and all other factors are the same, the increase in corn prices will increase the corn premium year over year.
our crop-hail program is a private offering. premium is earned on the crop-hail program over the coverage period of the policy. given the very short nature of the growing season, most crop-hail business is typically written in the second and third quarters with the earned premium also more heavily occurring during this time frame. we use industry data to develop our own rates and forms for the coverage offered. the policy primarily protects farmers against yield reduction caused by hail and/or fire, and related costs such as transit to storage. we offer various deductibles to allow the grower to partially self-insure for a reduced premium cost. we limit our crop-hail exposures through the use of township liability limits and third-party proportional and stop-loss reinsurance on our net retained hail business.
liquidity liquidity is a measure of a company's ability to generate cash flows sufficient to meet short-term and long-term cash requirements. as a holding company, chubb limited possesses assets that consist primarily of the stock of its subsidiaries and other investments. in addition to net investment income, chubb limited's cash flows depend primarily on dividends or other statutorily permissible payments. historically, these dividends and other payments have come primarily from chubb's bermuda-based operating subsidiaries, which we refer to as our bermuda subsidiaries. our consolidated sources of funds consist primarily of net premiums written, fees, net investment income, and proceeds from sales and maturities of investments. funds are used at our various companies primarily to pay claims, operating expenses, and dividends, to service debt, to purchase investments, and to fund acquisitions.
we anticipate that positive cash flows from operations (underwriting activities and investment income) should be sufficient to cover cash outflows under most loss scenarios for the near term. should the need arise, we generally have access to capital markets and available credit facilities. refer to "credit facilities" below for additional information. our access to funds under the existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the bank that is a party to the facility to meet its funding commitments. should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility.
to further ensure the sufficiency of funds to settle unforeseen claims, we hold certain invested assets in cash and short-term
88
investments. in addition, for certain insurance, reinsurance, or deposit contracts that tend to have relatively large and reasonably predictable cash outflows, we attempt to establish dedicated portfolios of assets that are duration-matched with the related liabilities. with respect to the duration of our overall investment portfolio, we manage asset durations to both maximize return given current market conditions and provide sufficient liquidity to cover future loss payments. all things being equal, in a low interest rate environment, the overall duration of our fixed maturities tends to be shorter and in a high interest rate environment, such duration tends to be longer. at december 31, 2017, the average duration of our fixed maturities (4.2 years) is less than the average expected duration of our insurance liabilities (4.3 years).
despite our safeguards, if paid losses accelerate beyond our ability to fund such paid losses from current operating cash flows, we might need to either liquidate a portion of our investment portfolio or arrange for financing. potential events causing such a liquidity strain could include several significant catastrophes occurring in a relatively short period of time, large uncollectible reinsurance recoverables on paid losses (as a result of coverage disputes, reinsurers' credit problems, or decreases in the value of collateral supporting reinsurance recoverables) or increases in collateral postings under our variable annuity reinsurance business. because each subsidiary focuses on a more limited number of specific product lines than is collectively available from the chubb group of companies, the mix of business tends to be less diverse at the subsidiary level. as a result, the probability of a liquidity strain, as described above, may be greater for individual subsidiaries than when liquidity is assessed on a consolidated basis. if such a liquidity strain were to occur in a subsidiary, we could be required to liquidate a portion of our investments, potentially at distressed prices, as well as be required to contribute capital to the particular subsidiary and/or curtail dividends from the subsidiary to support holding company operations.
the payment of dividends or other statutorily permissible distributions from our operating companies are subject to the laws and regulations applicable to each jurisdiction, as well as the need to maintain capital levels adequate to support the insurance and reinsurance operations, including financial strength ratings issued by independent rating agencies. during 2017, we were able to meet all of our obligations, including the payments of dividends on our common shares, with our net cash flows.
we assess which subsidiaries to draw dividends from based on a number of factors. considerations such as regulatory and legal restrictions as well as the subsidiary's financial condition are paramount to the dividend decision. chubb limited received dividends of $450 million and $1.0 billion from its bermuda subsidiaries in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the payment of any dividends from cgm or its subsidiaries is subject to applicable u.k. insurance laws and regulations.  in addition, the release of funds by syndicate 2488 to subsidiaries of cgm is subject to regulations promulgated by the society of lloyd's. chubb limited received no dividends from cgm in 2017 and 2016.
the u.s. insurance subsidiaries of chubb ina may pay dividends, without prior regulatory approval, subject to restrictions set out in state law of the subsidiary's domicile (or, if applicable, commercial domicile). chubb ina's international subsidiaries are also subject to insurance laws and regulations particular to the countries in which the subsidiaries operate. these laws and regulations sometimes include restrictions that limit the amount of dividends payable without prior approval of regulatory insurance authorities. chubb limited received no dividends from chubb ina in 2017 and 2016. debt issued by chubb ina is serviced by statutorily permissible distributions by chubb ina's insurance subsidiaries to chubb ina as well as other group resources. chubb ina received dividends of $2.1 billion and $1.8 billion from its subsidiaries in 2017 and 2016, respectively. at december 31, 2017, the amount of dividends available to be paid to chubb ina in 2018 from its subsidiaries without prior approval of insurance regulatory authorities totals $3.3 billion.
chubb ina received $1.0 billion in capital contributions from chubb limited and $4.2 billion from chubb group holdings during 2016. chubb ina did not receive any capital contributions in 2017.
cash flows our insurance and reinsurance operations provide liquidity in that premiums are received in advance, sometimes substantially in advance, of the time claims are paid. generally, cash flows are affected by claim payments that, due to the nature of our operations, may comprise large loss payments on a limited number of claims and which can fluctuate significantly from period to period. the irregular timing of these loss payments can create significant variations in cash flows from operations between periods. refer to "contractual obligations and commitments" for our estimate of future claim payments by period. sources of liquidity include cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements. the following is a discussion of our cash flows for 2017, 2016, and 2015.
operating cash flows reflect net income for each period, adjusted for non-cash items and changes in working capital.
89
operating cash flows were $4.5 billion in 2017, compared to $5.3 billion and $3.9 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively. operating cash flow was lower in 2017 compared to 2016 principally reflecting higher claims paid, principally due to the significant catastrophe losses in the year. the increase in operating cash flows of $1.4 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to cash flow contributions from legacy chubb corp operations, partially offset by integration expenses paid, higher interest paid on long-term debt, and higher taxes paid.
cash used for investing was $2.4 billion in 2017, compared to $5.3 billion and $6.3 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively. cash used for investing in 2017 was lower compared to 2016 which included cash paid for the purchase of chubb corp of $14.3 billion, largely funded by sales in our investment portfolio, including net proceeds in short-term investments. cash used for investing in 2015 included an increase in short-term investments to fund the chubb corp acquisition.
cash (used for) from financing was $(2.3) billion in 2017, compared to $(742) million in 2016, and $3.7 billion in 2015. cash used for financing was higher by $1.6 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 principally reflecting $501 million of repayments of long-term debt and $801 million of share repurchases. cash from financing in 2015 included $4.9 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt (net of repayments) partially offset by $862 million of dividends paid on common shares and $758 million of share repurchases.
both internal and external forces influence our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. claim settlements, premium levels, and investment returns may be impacted by changing rates of inflation and other economic conditions. in many cases, significant periods of time, ranging up to several years or more, may lapse between the occurrence of an insured loss, the reporting of the loss to us, and the settlement of the liability for that loss.
in the current low interest rate environment, we use repurchase agreements as a low-cost funding alternative. at december 31, 2017, there were $1.4 billion in repurchase agreements outstanding with various maturities over the next 7 months.
in addition to cash from operations, routine sales of investments, and financing arrangements, we have agreements with a third-party bank provider which implemented two international multi-currency notional cash pooling programs to enhance cash management efficiency during periods of short-term timing mismatches between expected inflows and outflows of cash by currency. the programs allow us to optimize investment income by avoiding portfolio disruption. in each program, participating chubb entities establish deposit accounts in different currencies with the bank provider. each day the credit or debit balances in every account are notionally translated into a single currency (u.s. dollars) and then notionally pooled. the bank extends overdraft credit to all participating chubb entities as needed, provided that the overall notionally pooled balance of all accounts in each pool at the end of each day is at least zero. actual cash balances are not physically converted and are not commingled between legal entities. chubb entities may incur overdraft balances as a means to address short-term liquidity needs. any overdraft balances incurred under this program by a chubb entity would be guaranteed by chubb limited (up to $300 million in the aggregate). our syndicated letter of credit facility allows for same day drawings to fund a net pool overdraft should participating chubb entities withdraw contributed funds from the pool.
capital resources capital resources consist of funds deployed or available to be deployed to support our business operations.
december 31             december 31
(in millions of u.s. dollars, except for percentages)                                      2017                    2016
short-term debt                                                                          $1,013                    $500
long-term debt                                                                           11,556                  12,610
total financial debt                                                                     12,569                  13,110
trust preferred securities                                                                  308                     308
total shareholders' equity                                                               51,172                  48,275
total capitalization                                                                    $64,049                 $61,693
ratio of financial debt to total capitalization                                            19.6   %                21.3   %
ratio of financial debt plus trust preferred securities to total capitalization            20.1   %                21.8   %
repurchase agreements are excluded from the table above and are disclosed separately from short-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. the repurchase agreements are collateralized borrowings where we maintain the right and ability
90
to redeem the collateral on short notice, unlike short-term debt which comprises the current maturities of our long-term debt instruments.
included in the debt obligations are junior subordinated capital securities of $1.0 billion. prior to april 15, 2017, these securities carried a fixed interest rate of 6.375 percent. effective april 15, 2017, these securities bear interest at a rate equal to the three-month libor plus 2.25 percentage points. the current interest rate at the time of this filing on these securities is 3.97 percent. the scheduled maturity date for these securities is april 15, 2037.
we believe our financial strength provides us with the flexibility and capacity to obtain available funds externally through debt or equity financing on both a short-term and long-term basis. our ability to access the capital markets is dependent on, among other things, market conditions and our perceived financial strength. we have accessed both the debt and equity markets from time to time. we generally maintain the ability to issue certain classes of debt and equity securities via an unlimited sec shelf registration which is renewed every three years. this allows us capital market access for refinancing as well as for unforeseen or opportunistic capital needs. we have an unlimited shelf registration which allows us to issue certain classes of debt and equity. this shelf registration expires in october 2018.
securities repurchases from time to time, we repurchase shares as part of our capital management program. our board of directors has authorized share repurchase programs as follows:
   $1.5 billion of chubb common shares from january 1, 2015 through december 31, 2015
   $1.0 billion of chubb common shares from november 17, 2016 through december 31, 2017
   $1.0 billion of chubb common shares from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2018.
share repurchases may be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, block trades, accelerated repurchases and/or through option or other forward transactions. in 2015, we repurchased $734 million of common shares in a series of open market transactions under the board share repurchase authorization. there were no share repurchases in 2016. in 2017, we repurchased $830 million of common shares in a series of open market transactions under the board share repurchase authorization.
common shares our common shares had a par value of chf 24.15 each at december 31, 2017.
as of december 31, 2017, there were 15,950,685 common shares in treasury with a weighted average cost of $121.85 per share.
under swiss law, dividends must be stated in swiss francs though dividend payments are made by chubb in u.s. dollars.
at our may 2016 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $2.76 per share, which was paid in four quarterly installments of $0.69 per share at dates determined by the board after the annual general meeting by way of a distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment.
at our may 2017 annual general meeting, our shareholders approved an annual dividend for the following year of up to $2.84 per share, expected to be paid in four quarterly installments of $0.71 per share after the annual general meeting by way of distribution from capital contribution reserves, transferred to free reserves for payment. the board will determine the record and payment dates at which the annual dividend may be paid until the date of the 2018 annual general meeting, and is authorized to abstain from distributing a dividend at its discretion. the first three quarterly installments each of $0.71 per share, have been distributed by the board as expected.
dividend distributions on common shares amounted to chf 2.76 ($2.82) per share for the year ended december 31, 2017. refer to note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our dividends.
91
contractual obligations and commitments the following table presents our future payments due by period under contractual obligations at december 31, 2017:
payments due by period
2019                       2021
(in millions of u.s. dollars)                                                                     total          2018            and 2020            and 2022          thereafter payment amounts determinable from the respective contracts deposit liabilities (1)                                                                          $1,872                 $20                        $33                        $46              $1,773
purchase obligations (2)                                                                            641                 209                        290                        142                   -
investments, including limited partnerships (3)                                                   5,081               1,728                      1,576                      1,111                 666
operating leases                                                                                    900                 181                        286                        203                 230
repurchase agreements                                                                             1,408               1,408                          -                          -                   -
short-term debt                                                                                   1,000               1,000                          -                          -                   -
long-term debt                                                                                   11,260                   -                      1,810                      1,000               8,450
trust preferred securities                                                                          309                   -                          -                          -                 309
interest on debt obligations (4)                                                                  7,044                 516                        926                        851               4,751
total obligations in which payment amounts are determinable from the respective contracts        29,515               5,062                      4,921                      3,353              16,179
payment amounts not determinable from the respective contracts estimated gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts                          63,202              17,139                     17,559                      8,859              19,645
estimated payments for future policy benefits                                                    19,939                 943                      1,786                      1,595              15,615
total contractual obligations and commitments                                                  $112,656             $23,144                    $24,266                    $13,807             $51,439
(1)   refer to note 1 k) to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   primarily comprises audit fees and agreements with vendors to purchase system software administration and maintenance services.
(3)   funding commitment primarily related to limited partnerships. the timing of the payments of these commitments is uncertain and may differ from the estimated timing in the table.
(4)   included in the debt obligations are junior subordinated capital securities of $1.0 billion, these securities bear interest at a rate equal to the three-month libor plus 2.25 percentage points. for purposes of the above table, interest from january 1, 2018 through january 15, 2018, was calculated at a rate of 3.609 percent. interest after january 15, 2018 is calculated using the three-month libor rate as of january 12, 2018 plus 2.25 percentage points totaling 3.972 percent. the scheduled maturity date for these securities is april 15, 2037. interest payments for the period from the scheduled maturity date through the final maturity date, march 29, 2067, would increase the contractual obligation by $1,207 million.
the above table excludes the following items:
   pension obligations: minimum funding requirements for our pension obligations are immaterial. subsequent funding commitments are apt to vary due to many factors and are difficult to estimate at this time. refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
   liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits: the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest, was $13 million at december 31, 2017. we recognize accruals for interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. at december 31, 2017, we had $3 million in liabilities for income tax-related interest and penalties in our consolidated balance sheets. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate for the timing of cash settlement with respect to these liabilities. refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we have no other significant contractual obligations or commitments not reflected in the table above. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources.
estimated gross loss payments under insurance and reinsurance contracts we are obligated to pay claims under insurance and reinsurance contracts for specified loss events covered under those contracts. such loss payments represent our most significant future payment obligation as a p&c insurance and reinsurance company. in contrast to other contractual obligations, cash payments are not determinable from the terms specified within the
92
contract. for example, we do not ultimately make a payment to our counterparty for many insurance and reinsurance contracts (i.e., when a loss event has not occurred) and if a payment is to be made, the amount and timing cannot be determined from the contract. in the table above, we estimate payments by period relating to our gross liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses included in the consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2017, and do not take into account reinsurance recoverable. these estimated loss payments are inherently uncertain and the amount and timing of actual loss payments are likely to differ from these estimates and the differences could be material. given the numerous factors and assumptions involved in both estimates of loss and loss expense reserves and related estimates as to the timing of future loss and loss expense payments in the table above, differences between actual and estimated loss payments will not necessarily indicate a commensurate change in ultimate loss estimates. the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet is discounted for certain structured settlements for which the timing and amount of future claim payments are reliably determinable and certain reserves for unsettled claims that are discounted in statutory filings. accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses presented in our balance sheet. refer to note 1 h) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
estimated payments for future policy benefits we establish reserves for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts. the amounts in the table are gross of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts. the liability for future policy benefits for life, long-term health, and annuity contracts presented in our balance sheet is discounted and reflected net of fees or premiums due from the underlying contracts. accordingly, the estimated amounts in the table exceed the liability for future policy benefits presented in our balance sheet. payment amounts related to these reserves must be estimated and are not determinable from the contract. due to the uncertainty with respect to the timing and amount of these payments, actual results could materially differ from the estimates in the table.
credit facilities as our bermuda subsidiaries are non-admitted insurers and reinsurers in the u.s., the terms of certain u.s. insurance and reinsurance contracts require them to provide collateral, which can be in the form of letters of credit (locs). locs may also be used for general corporate purposes.
on october 25, 2017, we entered into a credit facility that provides for up to $1.0 billion of availability, all of which may be used for the issuance of loc and for revolving loans. we have the ability to increase the capacity to $2.0 billion under certain conditions, but any such increase would not raise the sub-limit for revolving loans above $1.0 billion. our existing credit facility has a remaining term expiring in october 2022. at december 31, 2017, our loc usage was $250 million.
our access to funds under an existing credit facility is dependent on the ability of the banks that are a party to the facility to meet their funding commitments. in the event that such credit support is insufficient, we could be required to provide alternative security to clients. this could take the form of additional insurance trusts supported by our investment portfolio or funds withheld using our cash resources. the value of locs required is driven by, among other things, statutory liabilities reported by variable annuity guarantee reinsurance clients, loss development of existing reserves, the payment pattern of such reserves, the expansion of business, and loss experience of such business.
the facility noted above requires that we maintain certain covenants, all of which have been met at december 31, 2017. these covenants include:
(i)   a minimum consolidated net worth of not less than $34.985 billion; and
(ii)   a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization of not greater than 0.35 to 1.
at december 31, 2017, (a) the minimum consolidated net worth requirement under the covenant described in (i) above was $34.985 billion and our actual consolidated net worth as calculated under that covenant was $50.6 billion and (b) our ratio of debt to total capitalization, as calculated under the covenant which excludes the fair value adjustment of debt acquired through the chubb corp acquisition, was 0.19 to 1, which is below the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 0.35 to 1 as described in (ii) above.
our failure to comply with the covenants under any credit facility would, subject to grace periods in the case of certain covenants, result in an event of default. this could require us to repay any outstanding borrowings or to cash collateralize locs
93
under such facility. our failure to repay material financial obligations, as well as our failure with respect to certain other events expressly identified, would result in an event of default under the facility.
should our existing credit provider experience financial difficulty, we may be required to replace credit sources, possibly in a difficult market. if we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, on a timely basis, or at all, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. to date, we have not experienced difficulty accessing our credit facility.
ratings chubb limited and its subsidiaries are assigned credit and financial strength (insurance) ratings from internationally recognized rating agencies, including s&p, a.m. best, moody's, and fitch. the ratings issued on our companies by these agencies are announced publicly and are available directly from the agencies. our internet site (investors.chubb.com, under shareholder resources/rating agency ratings) also contains some information about our ratings, but such information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report.
financial strength ratings reflect the rating agencies' opinions of a company's claims paying ability. independent ratings are one of the important factors that establish our competitive position in the insurance markets. the rating agencies consider many factors in determining the financial strength rating of an insurance company, including the relative level of statutory surplus necessary to support the business operations of the company. these ratings are based upon factors relevant to policyholders, agents, and intermediaries and are not directed toward the protection of investors. such ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities.
credit ratings assess a company's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest on its debt.
it is possible that, in the future, one or more of the rating agencies may reduce our existing ratings. if one or more of our ratings were downgraded, we could incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. in addition, our insurance and reinsurance operations could be adversely impacted by a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, including a possible reduction in demand for our products in certain markets. also, we have insurance and reinsurance contracts which contain rating triggers. in the event the s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings of chubb fall, we may be faced with the cancellation of premium or be required to post collateral on our underlying obligation associated with this premium. we estimate that at december 31, 2017, a one-notch downgrade of our s&p or a.m. best financial strength ratings would result in an immaterial loss of premium or requirement for collateral to be posted.