item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 85% of net sales and operating income in 2017, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 30% of u.s. net sales in 2017. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products to retain our existing member base and attract new members.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and regional depots. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouses and depots. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us, within their jurisdictions. failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance and member traffic.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. we cannot ensure that new warehouses and new websites will be profitably deployed and, as a result, future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
8
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
our failure to maintain membership loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business model. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce member renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
we sell many products under our kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our warehouses and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in our merchandise distribution could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. although we believe that our receiving and distribution process is efficient, unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members.
we rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our businesses. failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our businesses. a failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems could harm our businesses and adversely affect our results of operations.
given the very high volume of transactions we process each year it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. if our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace critical information systems and processing capabilities. failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace would be harmful. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits. targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost.
if we do not maintain the privacy and security of member-related and other business information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation.
we receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our members and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service providers that perform activities for us. our
9
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
warehouse and online businesses depend upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise of our security systems or those of our business associates, that results in our members' information being obtained by unauthorized persons, could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. in addition, a breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could disrupt our operations.
the use of data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the national and state or local level in all of our operating countries. privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new processes. if we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance.
our security measures may be undermined due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, internal or external malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them, or implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to payment-related risks.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, a select variety of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related card acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. for example, we are subject to payment card industry data security standards ("pci dss"), which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. in addition, if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
we might sell products that cause unexpected illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation.
if our merchandise offerings, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products, and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. the sale of these items involves the risk of health-related illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our vendors are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects
10
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause a health-related illness or injury in the future or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long term.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product sources and animal welfare) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant multichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
multichannel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. we are making technology investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel. failure to identify and implement a succession plan for key senior management could negatively impact the business.
we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.
we are predominantly self-insured, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks, for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability and inventory loss. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. the occurrence of significant claims, a substantial rise in costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
11
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
we are primarily self-insured as it relates to property damage, due to the substantial premiums required for insurance coverage over physical losses caused by certain natural disasters, as well as the limitations on available coverage for such losses. although we maintain specific coverages for losses from physical damages in excess of certain amounts to guard against catastrophic losses, we still bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events to the extent they are below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as any losses to the extent they exceed our aggregate limits of applicable coverages. such losses could materially impact our cash flow and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, and department and specialty stores. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop with digital devices, which has enhanced competition. some competitors may have greater financial resources, better access to merchandise and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax policies including increased duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. prices of certain commodity products, including gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by significant events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.
vendors may be unable to supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices in a timely manner or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. as the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any vendor has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions of our merchandise leading to loss of sales and profits.
12
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
we buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volume we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. for these or other reasons, one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to recalls and litigation, and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
during 2017, our international operations, including canada, generated 27% and 36% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. future fluctuations in currency exchange rates over time that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our canadian and other international operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. as we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
we may pay for products we purchase for sale in our warehouses around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods will be sold. currency fluctuations may increase our cost of goods and may not be passed on to members. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes, particularly in california or washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots within the countries in which we operate, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. u.s. and foreign government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs that could materially affect
13
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
our profitability. climate change could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which could face increased regulation. climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions, such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels.
failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
legal and regulatory risks our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
during 2017, we operated 227 warehouses in 10 countries outside of the u.s., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., certain of which are beyond our control. these factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the u.k.'s vote to withdraw from the european union, commonly known as "brexit", and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, merchandise inventories, vendor rebates and other vendor consideration, impairment of long-lived assets, self-insurance liabilities, and income taxes are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
provisions for losses related to self-insured risks are generally based upon independent actuarially determined estimates. the assumptions underlying the ultimate costs of existing claim losses can be highly unpredictable, which can affect the liability recorded for such claims. for example, variability in health care cost inflation rates inherent in these claims can affect the amounts recognized. similarly, changes in legal trends and interpretations, as well as changes in the nature and method of how claims are settled can impact ultimate costs. although our estimates of liabilities incurred do not anticipate significant changes in historical trends for these variables, any changes could have a considerable effect upon future claim costs and currently recorded liabilities and could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
14
item 1a-risk factors (continued)
we could be subject to additional income tax liabilities.
we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in, or failure to comply with, federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. we are, or may become involved, in a number of legal proceedings and audits including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable sales growth. we define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions (primarily impacting our u.s. and canadian operations). the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, especially the united states. sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. we do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). we believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect. we operate our lower-margin gasoline business in all countries except korea and france.
we also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales.
our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability.
our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most
19
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business is operated on very low gross margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and sg&a expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefit costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
our fiscal year ends on the sunday closest to august 31. fiscal year 2017 was a 53-week fiscal year ending on september 3, 2017, while 2016 and 2015 were 52-week fiscal years ending on august 28, 2016, and august 30, 2015, respectively. certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding. unless otherwise noted, references to net income relate to net income attributable to costco.
highlights for fiscal year 2017 included:
•   we opened 26 net new warehouses in 2017: 13 in the u.s., six in canada, and seven in our other international segment, compared to 29 net new warehouses in 2016;
•   net sales increased 9% to $126,172, driven by a 4% increase in comparable sales, sales at new warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017;
•   membership fee revenue increased 8% to $2,853, primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses, an extra week of membership fees in 2017, the annual fee increase, and executive membership upgrades;
•   gross margin percentage decreased two basis points;
•   sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points, driven by lower costs associated with the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s.;
•   net income increased 14% to $2,679, or $6.08 per diluted share compared to $2,350, or $5.33 per diluted share in 2016. the 2017 results were positively impacted by a $82 tax benefit, or $0.19 per diluted share, in connection with the special cash dividend paid to the company's 401(k) plan participants and other net benefits of approximately $51, or $0.07 per diluted share, for non-recurring net legal and other matters;
•   in 2017, we re-paid long-term debt totaling $2,200 representing the aggregate principal balances of the 5.5% and 1.125% senior notes; we issued $3,800 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes which funded a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share paid in may 2017 (approximately $3,100); and
•   in april 2017, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.45 to $0.50 per share.
20
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
results of operations net sales
2017                                                                                                                                       2016                   2015
net sales                                                                                                   $126,172              $116,073               $113,666
changes in net sales:
u.s.                                                                                                               8   %                 3    %                 5    %
canada                                                                                                            10   %                (2   )%                (3   )%
other international                                                                                                8   %                 4    %                 2    %
total company                                                                                                      9   %                 2    %                 3    %
changes in comparable sales:
u.s.                                                                                                               4   %                 1    %                 3    %
canada                                                                                                             5   %                (3   )%                (5   )%
other international                                                                                                2   %                (3   )%                (3   )%
total company                                                                                                      4   %                 0    %                 1    %
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices:
u.s.                                                                                                               4   %                 3    %                 6    %
canada                                                                                                             4   %                 8    %                 8    %
other international                                                                                                4   %                 4    %                 6    %
total company                                                                                                      4   %                 4    %                 7    %
2017 vs. 2016
net sales net sales increased $10,099 or 9% during 2017, primarily due to a 4% increase in comparable sales, new warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017. changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $785, or 68 basis points, due to an 8% increase in the average sales price per gallon. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $295, or 25 basis points, compared to 2016. the negative impact was driven by other international operations, partially offset by positive impacts attributable to our canadian operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 4% during 2017 and were positively impacted by an increase in shopping frequency and, to a lesser extent, an increased average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were positively impacted by an increase in gasoline prices, offset by decreases in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
2016 vs. 2015
net sales net sales increased $2,407 or 2% during 2016. this was attributable to sales at new warehouses opened in 2015 and 2016. comparable sales were flat. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $2,690, or 237 basis points, compared to 2015. the negative impact was primarily attributable to our canadian operations and within certain of our other international
21
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
operations. changes in gasoline prices negatively impacted net sales by approximately $2,194, or 193 basis points, due to a 19% decrease in the average sales price per gallon.
comparable sales comparable sales were flat during 2016, with an increase in shopping frequency offset by a decrease in the average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were negatively impacted by changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar and a decrease in gasoline prices. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
membership fees
2017                                                                        2016                2015
membership fees                                   $2,853              $2,646              $2,533
membership fees increase                               8   %               4   %               4   %
membership fees as a percentage of net sales        2.26   %            2.28   %            2.23   %
2017 vs. 2016
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses, an extra week of membership fee revenue, the annual fee increase (discussed below), and an increased number of upgrades to our higher-fee executive membership program. at the end of 2017, our member renewal rates were 90% in the u.s. and canada and 87% worldwide.
in the first fiscal quarter of 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in certain of our other international operations. effective june 1, 2017, we also increased our annual membership fees in the u.s. and canada for gold star (individual), business and business add-on by $5 to $60 and for executive membership from$110 to $120 (annual membership fee of $60, plus the executive upgrade of $60); and the maximum 2% reward associated with executive membership increased from $750 to $1,000 annually. we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. these fee increases had a positive impact on membership fee revenues during 2017 of approximately $23 and will positively impact the next several quarters. we expect these increases to positively impact membership fee revenue by approximately $175 in fiscal 2018.
2016 vs. 2015
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses and increased upgrades to our higher-fee executive membership program. these increases were partially offset by changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which negatively impacted fees by approximately $52 in 2016.
22
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
gross margin
2017                                                       2016                  2015
net sales                    $126,172              $116,073              $113,666
less merchandise costs        111,882               102,901               101,065
gross margin                  $14,290               $13,172               $12,601
gross margin percentage         11.33   %             11.35   %             11.09   %
2017 vs. 2016
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased eight basis points due to increases in these categories other than fresh foods. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.40%, an increase of five basis points. this increase was primarily due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 15 basis points and a benefit of three basis points from non-recurring legal settlements and other matters. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. changes of comparable magnitude will not occur in subsequent years. these increases were partially offset by a six basis point decrease in our core merchandise categories, primarily due to food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration. the gross margin percentage was also negatively impacted by five basis points due to a lifo benefit in 2016 and one basis point in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had an immaterial impact on gross margin in 2017.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), increased in our u.s. operations, due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement and non-recurring legal settlements and other matters as discussed above. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in core merchandise categories, predominantly food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration, and a lifo benefit in 2016. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations increased, primarily due to increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our pharmacy business, partially offset by a decrease in our core merchandise categories, largely fresh foods. the segment gross margin percentage increased in our other international operations due to increases across all core merchandise categories, except fresh foods.
2016 vs. 2015
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales, increased 13 basis points, primarily due to increases in these categories other than fresh foods.
total gross margin percentage increased 26 basis points compared to 2015. excluding the impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.14%, an increase of five basis points. a larger lifo benefit in 2016 compared to 2015 positively contributed three basis points. the lifo benefit resulted largely from lower costs for merchandise inventories, primarily in food and sundries and gasoline. our core merchandise categories positively contributed one basis point, primarily due to an increase in hardlines, partially offset by food and sundries due to a decrease in sales penetration. warehouse ancillary and other business gross margin positively contributed one basis point, primarily due to hearing aids and e-commerce businesses, partially offset by our gasoline business. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted gross margin by approximately $286 in 2016.
23
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
segment gross margin percentage increased in our u.s. operations predominantly due to a positive contribution from our core merchandise categories, primarily hardlines and softlines, and the lifo benefit discussed above. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations decreased, primarily due to a decrease in all core merchandise categories, except hardlines, partially offset by increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily pharmacy and e-commerce businesses. the segment gross margin percentage in other international operations decreased in all merchandise categories, except fresh foods, which was higher.
selling, general and administrative expenses
2017                                                                          2016                2015
sg&amp;a expenses                                  $12,950             $12,068             $11,445
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales       10.26   %           10.40   %           10.07   %
2017 vs. 2016
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 10.33%, a decrease of seven basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were lower by nine basis points, primarily due to lower costs associated with the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 18 basis points. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. changes of comparable magnitude will not occur in subsequent years. this was partially offset by higher payroll and employee benefit expenses of 11 basis points, primarily in our u.s. operations. central operating costs were higher by one basis point, primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our u.s. operations. stock compensation expense was also higher by one basis point. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had an immaterial impact in 2017.
2016 vs. 2015
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 33 basis points compared to 2015. excluding the negative impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 10.20%, an increase of 13 basis points. this was largely due to: higher central operating costs of six basis points, predominantly due to costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our u.s. operations; and higher stock compensation expense of four basis points, due to appreciation in the trading price of our stock at the time of grant. charges for non-recurring legal and regulatory matters during 2016 negatively impacted sg&a expenses by two basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were higher by one basis point due to higher payroll and employee benefit costs, primarily health care, in our u.s. operations. this increase was partially offset by lower payroll expense as a percentage of net sales in our canadian operations. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar decreased our sg&a expenses by approximately $211 in 2016.
preopening expenses
2017                                                                   2016            2015
preopening expenses                                 $82             $78             $65
warehouse openings, including relocations united states                                        15              25              14
canada                                                6               2               1
other international                                   7               6              11
total warehouse openings, including relocations      28              33              26
24
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses, including relocations, development in new international markets, and expansions at existing warehouses. in 2017, we entered into two new international markets, iceland and france. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new, or international market.
interest expense
2017                             2016              2015
interest expense      $134              $133              $124
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes issued by the company (described in further detail under the heading "cash flows from financing activities" and in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report).
interest income and other, net
2017                                                                    2016              2015
interest income                                      $50             $41               $50
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net      (5   )          28                47
other, net                                            17              11                 7
interest income and other, net                       $62             $80              $104
2017 vs. 2016
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in item 8, note 1 of this report.
2016 vs. 2015
the decrease in interest income in 2016 is attributable to lower average cash and investment balances, due in part to the payment of the outstanding principal balance and interest on the 0.65% senior notes in the second quarter of 2016.
provision for income taxes
2017                                                      2016                2015
provision for income taxes      $1,325              $1,243              $1,195
effective tax rate                32.8   %            34.3   %            33.2   %
in 2017 and 2015, our provision was favorably impacted by net tax benefits of $104 and $68, respectively, primarily due to tax benefits recorded in connection with the may 2017 and february 2015 special cash dividends paid to employees through our 401(k) retirement plan of $82 and $57, respectively. these dividends are deductible for u.s. income tax purposes.
25
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
2017                                                        2016                2015
net cash provided by operating activities      $6,726              $3,292              $4,285
net cash used in investing activities          (2,366   )          (2,345   )          (2,480   )
net cash used in financing activities          (3,218   )          (2,419   )          (2,324   )
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $5,779 and $4,729 at the end of 2017 and 2016, respectively. of these balances, approximately $1,255 and $1,071 represented unsettled credit and debit card receivables, respectively. these receivables generally settle within four days. cash and cash equivalents were positively impacted by changes in exchange rates of $25 and $50 in 2017 and 2016, respectfully, and negatively impacted by $418 in 2015.
we have not provided for u.s. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries, including the remaining undistributed earnings of our canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, or the earnings if repatriated would not result in an adverse tax consequence. although we have historically asserted that certain non-u.s. undistributed earnings will be permanently reinvested, we may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence. if we determine that such earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested, deferred taxes, to the extent required and applicable, are recorded at that time. during 2017, we changed our position regarding an additional portion of the undistributed earnings of our canadian operations, as we determined such earnings could be repatriated without adverse tax consequences. subsequent to the end of 2017, we repatriated a portion of our undistributed earnings in our canadian operations without adverse tax consequences.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements and have no current plans to repatriate for use in the u.s. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held by non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries whose earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held at these subsidiaries with earnings considered to be indefinitely reinvested totaled $1,463 at september 3, 2017.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $6,726 in 2017, compared to $3,292 in 2016. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 when compared to 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments of approximately $1,700 made in the last week of fiscal 2016, in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,366 in 2017, compared to $2,345 in 2016. cash flow used in investing activities is primarily related to funding warehouse expansion and remodeling. net cash flows from investing activities also includes purchases and maturities of short-term investments.
26
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
capital expenditure plans our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. to a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, our information systems, and working capital. we opened 26 new warehouses and relocated 2 warehouses in 2017 and plan to open up to 24 new warehouses and relocate up to six warehouses in 2018. in 2017 we spent $2,502 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,500 to $2,700 during fiscal 2018. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $3,218 in 2017, compared to $2,419 in 2016. the primary uses of cash in 2017 were related to dividend payments, predominantly the special dividend paid in may 2017, and the repayments of debt totaling $2,200 representing the aggregate principal balances of the 5.5% and 1.125% senior notes. net cash used in financing activities in 2016 includes a $1,200 repayment of our 0.65% senior notes in december 2015.
in may 2017, we issued $3,800 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes. the proceeds received were net of a discount and used to pay the special cash dividend and a portion of the redemption of the 1.125% senior notes.
stock repurchase programs during 2017 and 2016, we repurchased 2,998,000 and 3,184,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $157.87 and $149.90, totaling approximately $473 and $477, respectively. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,749 at the end of 2017. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act.
dividends cash dividends paid in 2017 totaled $8.90 per share, which included a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share, as compared to $1.70 per share in 2016. in april 2017, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.45 to $0.50 per share.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at september 3, 2017, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $833, including a $400 revolving line of credit entered into by our u.s. operations in june 2017 with an expiration date of one year. the company currently has no plans to draw upon the new revolving line of credit. our international operations maintain $349 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $166 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2017 and 2016.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $181. the outstanding standby letters of credit under these facilities at the end of 2017 totaled $103 and expire within one year. the bank credit facilities have various expiration dates, all within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities prior to their expiration. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding.
27
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
contractual obligations at september 3, 2017, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
payments due by fiscal year contractual obligations                                            2018             2019 to 2020             2021 to 2022            2023 and thereafter               total purchase obligations (merchandise)(1)                        $8,029                    $6                       $-                           $-                   $8,035
long-term debt(2)                                               230                 2,060                    2,588                        2,650                    7,528
operating leases (3)                                            216                   429                      345                        2,123                    3,113
construction and land obligations                               584                    80                        4                            -                      668
capital lease obligations(4)                                     32                    65                       66                          582                      745
purchase obligations (equipment, services and other)(5)         541                   117                       42                            -                      700
other(6)                                                         38                    17                       13                           72                      140
total                                                        $9,670                $2,774                   $3,058                       $5,427                  $20,929
_______________
(1)   includes only open merchandise purchase orders.
(2)   includes contractual interest payments and excludes deferred issuance costs.
(3)   operating lease obligations exclude amounts for common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance and have been reduced by $112 to reflect sub-lease income.
(4)   includes build-to-suit lease obligations and contractual interest payments.
(5)   the amounts exclude certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(6)   includes asset retirement obligations, deferred compensation obligations and current liabilities for unrecognized tax contingencies. the total amount excludes $35 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $29 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements other than operating leases, included in the table above and discussed in note 1 and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, merchandise inventory valuation, impairment of long-lived assets, insurance/self-insurance liabilities, and income taxes. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
28
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
revenue recognition we generally recognize sales, which includes gross shipping fees where applicable, net of returns, at the time the member takes possession of merchandise or receives services. when we collect payment from members prior to the transfer of ownership of merchandise or the performance of services, the amount is generally recorded as deferred sales in the consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is completed. we provide for estimated sales returns based on historical trends and reduce sales and merchandise costs accordingly. our sales returns reserve is based on an estimate of the net realizable value of merchandise inventories to be returned. amounts collected from members for sales and value added taxes are recorded on a net basis.
we evaluate whether it is appropriate to record the gross amount of merchandise sales and related costs or a net amount. generally, when we are the primary obligor, subject to inventory risk, have latitude in establishing prices and selecting suppliers, influence product or service specifications, or have several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. if we are not the primary obligor and do not possess other indicators of gross reporting as noted above, we record a net amount, which is reflected in net sales.
we account for membership fee revenue, net of refunds, on a deferred basis, whereby revenue is recognized ratably over one year. our executive members qualify for a 2% reward on qualified purchases (up to a maximum reward of approximately $1,000 per year in the u.s. and canada and varies in our other international operations), which can be redeemed only at costco warehouses. we account for this reward as a reduction in sales. the sales reduction and corresponding liability are computed after giving effect to the estimated impact of non-redemptions, based on historical data.
merchandise inventories merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. u.s. merchandise inventories are valued by the cost method of accounting, using the last-in, first-out (lifo) basis. the company believes the lifo method more fairly presents the results of operations by more closely matching current costs with current revenues. the company records an adjustment each quarter, if necessary, for the projected annual effect of inflation or deflation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end, after actual inflation rates and inventory levels for the year have been determined. canadian and other international merchandise inventories are predominantly valued using the cost and retail inventory methods, respectively, using the first-in, first-out (fifo) basis.
we provide for estimated inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts as a percentage of net sales. the provision is adjusted to reflect results of the actual physical inventory counts, which generally occur in the second and fourth quarters.
inventory cost, where appropriate, is reduced by estimates of vendor rebates when earned or as we progress toward earning those rebates, provided they are probable and reasonably estimable. other consideration received from vendors is generally recorded as a reduction of merchandise costs upon completion of contractual milestones, terms of agreement, or using other systematic approaches.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment on an annual basis, when relocating or closing a facility, or when events or changes in circumstances occur that may indicate the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. future events could cause us to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring a downward adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair value.
29
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data) (continued)
insurance/self-insurance liabilities we are predominantly self-insured, with insurance coverage for certain catastrophic risks, for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. we use different mechanisms including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated, in part, by considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. the estimated accruals for these liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. the benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. our cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, except the additional portion of earnings in canada, were considered indefinitely reinvested as of september 3, 2017. these earnings would be subject to u.s. income tax if we changed our position and could result in a u.s. deferred tax liability. although we have historically asserted that certain non-u.s. undistributed earnings will be permanently reinvested, we may repatriate such earnings to the extent we can do so without an adverse tax consequence.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.