item 1a.   risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common and capital stock.
risks related to our businesses and industries we face intense competition. if we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected.
our businesses are rapidly evolving, intensely competitive, and subject to changing technologies, shifting user needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies to the marketplace in a timely manner. as our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services, including products and services that may be outside of our historical core business. as a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use.
we have many competitors in different industries. our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. some companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and users. they can use their experiences and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in research and development and in hiring talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to compete aggressively for users, advertisers, and content providers. emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can or may foresee the consumer need for products and services before us.
in addition, new products and services can sometimes present new and difficult technological and legal challenges, which may negatively impact our brands and demand for our products and services and adversely impact our revenues and operating results. our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, and content providers; are not appropriately timed with market opportunities; or are not effectively brought to market. as technologies continue to develop, our competitors may be able to offer user experiences that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. this may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. if our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected.
we generate substantially all of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers or a loss of partners could harm our advertising business.
we generated over 86% of total revenues from advertising in 2017. many of our advertisers, companies that distribute our products and services, digital publishers, and content partners can terminate their contracts with us at any time. those partners may not continue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. if we do not provide superior value or deliver advertisements efficiently and competitively, we could see a decrease in revenue and other adverse impacts to our business. in addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. adverse macroeconomic conditions can also have a material negative impact on user activity and the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on advertising, which could adversely affect our revenues and advertising business.
7
alphabet inc.
our ongoing investment in new businesses and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our current operations.
we have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. the creation of alphabet as a holding company in 2015 and the investments that we are making across various areas in google and other bets are a reflection of our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users. such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including insufficient revenues from such investments to offset any new liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments, inadequate return of capital on our investments, distraction of management from current operations, use of alternative investment or compensation structures, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings that could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such investments and incur unanticipated liabilities. because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
the internet is accessed through a variety of platforms and form factors that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology and user preferences. if manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices and modalities, our business could be adversely affected.
the number of people who access the internet through devices other than desktop computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets, video game consoles, voice-assisted speakers, automobiles, and television set-top devices, is increasing dramatically. the functionality and user experience associated with some alternative devices and modalities may make the use of our products and services or the generation of advertising revenue through such devices more difficult (or just different), and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compatible or compelling to users, manufacturers, or distributors of alternative devices. each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. in addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via apps tailored to particular devices or social media platforms, which could affect our search and advertising business over time. as new devices and platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. we expect to continue to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of products and services across multiple platforms and devices. if we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices and platforms, we will fail to capture the opportunities available as consumers and advertisers continue to exist in a dynamic, multi-platform environment.
our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.
our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including:
•   increasing competition,
•   changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix,
•   the challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels,
•   the evolution of the online advertising market, including the increasing variety of online platforms for advertising, and the other markets in which we participate, and
•   the rate of user adoption of our products, services, and technologies.
we believe our margins could experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased costs for many aspects of our business as well as the continuing shift to mobile, changes in device mix, and the contribution of new businesses to overall revenue. for instance, the margin on revenues we generate from our google network members is significantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on google properties. consequently, our margins will experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our google network members' properties compared to revenues generated through ads placed on google properties. additionally, the margin we earn on revenues generated from our google network members could decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our google network members.
furthermore, in our multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. we also expect our tac paid to our distribution partners to increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points.
8
alphabet inc.
additionally, our margins could experience downward pressure as revenues from the sale of hardware products and cloud-based services increase as a percentage of consolidated revenues because the margin on the sale of these products and services have generally been lower than that from google search. furthermore, our margins could be impacted adversely if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote new products and services or distribute certain products or if we invest more heavily in our innovation efforts across the company (such as our other bets businesses) than we have historically.
we are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. additionally, changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics may adversely affect our business.
the growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields involves a variety of new regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. for instance, various regulatory agencies are reviewing aspects of our search and other businesses, which can lead to increased scrutiny from other regulators and legislators, that may affect our reputation, brand and third-party relationships. such reviews may also result in substantial regulatory fines, changes to our business practices and other penalties, which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. we continue to cooperate with the european commission and other regulatory authorities around the world in investigations they are conducting with respect to our business.
additionally, changes in social, political, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics may disrupt our business practices. these changes could negatively impact our business and results of operations in material ways.
a variety of new and existing laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to numerous u.s. and international laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. new laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may make our products and services less useful, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. for example, current and new patent laws such as u.s. patent laws and european patent laws may affect the ability of companies, including us, to protect their innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. similarly, changes to copyright laws being considered in europe and elsewhere may increase costs or require companies, including us, to change or cease offering certain existing services. the costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future.
claims have been, or may be, threatened and filed against us under both u.s. and international laws for defamation, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, product liability, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and services, or content generated by our users. furthermore, many of these laws do not contemplate or address the unique issues raised by a number of our new businesses, products, services and technologies. in addition, the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain.
other laws that could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business include, among others:
•   we rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the digital millennium copyright act in the united states and the e-commerce directive in europe, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. any legislation or court rulings impacting these safe harbors may adversely impact us.
•   the general data protection regulation, coming into effect in the european union in may of 2018, which creates a range of new compliance obligations, which could cause us to change our business practices, and will increase financial penalties for noncompliance significantly.
•   court decisions such as the judgment of the court of justice of the european union on may 13, 2014 on the 'right to be forgotten,' which allows individuals to demand that google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the content we can show to our users and impose significant operational burdens.
•   court decisions that require google to suppress content not just in the jurisdiction of the issuing court, but for all of our users worldwide, including locations where the content at issue is lawful. the supreme court of canada issued such a decision against google in june 2017, and others could treat its decision as persuasive. for instance, with respect to the 'right to be forgotten,' a follow-up case is pending before the court of justice of the european union, which could result in an order to apply delisting actions under the 'right to be forgotten' worldwide.
•   various u.s. and international laws that restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors.
9
alphabet inc.
•   various laws with regards to content removal and disclosure obligations, such as the recently enacted network enforcement act in germany, which may impact our businesses and operations and may subject us to significant fines if such laws are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices.
•   data protection laws passed by many states within the u.s. and by certain countries that require notification to users when there is a security breach of personal data.
•   data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed within that country.
•   privacy laws, which could be interpreted over-broadly to limit some product offerings and increase costs.
we face risks and costs overseas as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.
we are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes.
we are regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. the manufacturing and sale of an expanded suite of products, including hardware, further exposes us to the risk of product liability and other litigation as well as consumer protection concerns related to product defects, as well as health and safety, hazardous materials usage, and other environmental concerns. we may also be subject to claims, including product warranty claims, if users experience service disruptions, failures, or other issues. in addition, our businesses face intellectual property litigation, as discussed later, that exposes us to the risk of exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell products and services.
such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain. regardless of the outcome, any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. it is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. these proceedings could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, requiring a change in our business practices or product recalls or corrections, or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. any of these consequences could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.
we host and provide a wide variety of services and products that enable users to exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. the law relating to the liability of providers of these online services and products for activities of their users is still somewhat unsettled both within the u.s. and internationally. claims have been threatened and have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury, fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information that we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including our users. in addition, we are and have been and may again in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates u.s. and international law.
we also place advertisements which are displayed on third-party publishers and advertising networks properties, and we offer third-party products, services, or content. we may be subject to claims concerning these products, services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them, even if we do not ourselves host, operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, which may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.
privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. if our security measures are breached resulting in the improper use and disclosure of user data, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not
10
alphabet inc.
being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure.
from time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products, services, or processes compromise the privacy of users, customers, and others. concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results.
our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users' and customers' proprietary information, and theft and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, improper use and disclosure of such information, litigation, and potential liability. any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the release of our users' data, or in our or our users' ability to access such data, could seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability to attract and retain users. we expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain state-of-the-art security protections that shield against theft and security breaches.
we experience cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis. our security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors or vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities of our vendors, suppliers, their products, or otherwise. such breach or unauthorized access, increased government surveillance, or attempts by outside parties to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users' or customers' data could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, become more sophisticated, and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. additionally, cyber attacks could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information and result in such information being disclosed to others and becoming less valuable, which could negatively affect our business. if an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers.
our business is subject to complex and evolving u.s. and international laws and regulation regarding privacy and data protection. many of these laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business.
regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection, including measures to ensure that encryption of users' data does not hinder law enforcement agencies' access to that data. in addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the u.s., europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. these legislative and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and such interpretations could, in addition to the possibility of fines, result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
recent legal developments in europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of personal data from europe to the united states. for example, the general data protection regulation (gdpr), coming into application in the european union (eu) on may 25, 2018, will apply to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the eu or related to products and services that we offer to eu users. the gdpr will create a range of new compliance obligations, which could cause us to change our business practices, and will significantly increase financial penalties for noncompliance (including possible fines of up to 4% of global annual turnover for the preceding financial year or €20 million (whichever is higher) for the most serious infringements).
in addition, the european commission in july 2016 and the swiss government in january 2017 approved the eu-u.s. and the swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, respectively, which are designed to allow u.s. companies that self-certify to the u.s. department of commerce and publicly commit to comply with the privacy shield requirements to freely import personal data from the eu and switzerland. however, these frameworks face a number of legal challenges and their validity remains subject to legal, regulatory and political developments in both europe and the u.s. this has resulted in some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
11
alphabet inc.
we are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.
internet, technology, media, and other companies own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. in addition, patent holding companies may continue to seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. as we have grown, the number of intellectual property claims against us has increased and may continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies.
we have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. third parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us by filing claims in u.s. and international courts and the u.s. international trade commission (itc) for exclusion and cease and desist orders, which could limit our ability to sell our products or services in the u.s. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found to infringe the intellectual property subject to the claims. adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringing products, services or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business.
many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. such customers and partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business. moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, when obtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers from covered products. furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims.
regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive to litigate or settle, and cause significant diversion of management attention. to the extent such claims are successful, they may have an adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand.
our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services and technologies. for example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the internet. also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. moreover, we may not have adequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.
we also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. the secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive information could be compromised by outside parties, or by our employees, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. we also face risks associated with our trademarks. for example, there is a risk that the word "google" could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word "search." if this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word "google" to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand.
any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.
acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences that may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. we
12
alphabet inc.
expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. effecting these strategic transactions could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. the areas where we face risks include, among others:
•   diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
•   failure to successfully further develop the acquired business or technology.
•   implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company.
•   integration of the acquired company's accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions.
•   transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.
•   failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition or other strategic transaction.
•   in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.
•   cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employees from the businesses we acquire.
•   liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, privacy issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.
•   litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third parties.
our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategic transactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.
our acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which could harm our financial condition or results. also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may adversely impact our financial condition or results.
our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers, content providers, and other partners.
our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. maintaining and enhancing the brands within google and other bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our users. our brands may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy issues and developments, and product or technical performance failures. for example, if we fail to appropriately respond to the sharing of objectionable content on our services or objectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. our brands may also be negatively affected by the use of our products or services to disseminate information that is deemed to be misleading.
furthermore, if we fail to maintain and enhance equity in the google brand, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. our success will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services that are truly useful and play a meaningful role in people's everyday lives.
13
alphabet inc.
we face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could adversely impact our financial results and prospects.
we face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management. these manufacturing and supply chain risks could impact our ability to supply both our products and our internet-based services.
we rely on third parties to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, third-party arrangements for the design of some components and parts, and third party distributors, including cellular network carriers. our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them.
we have in the past, and may experience in the future, supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, natural disasters and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. we may experience shortages or other supply chain disruptions in the future that could negatively impact our operations. in addition, some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure and products are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms or at all in the event of a supply chain disruption. in addition, a significant hardware supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions.
we may enter into long term contracts that commit us to significant terms and conditions of supply. we may be liable for material and product that is not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues. for instance, because many of our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase requirements, if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costs or other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and therefore less competitive and negatively impact our financial results. furthermore, certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitive advantages and may impact our supply.
additionally, the products and services we sell or offer may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used. sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. if the quality of our products and services does not meet our customers' expectations or our products or services are found to be defective, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted.
we also require our suppliers and business partners to comply with law and, where applicable, our company policies regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, but we do not control them or their practices. if any of them violates laws or implements practices regarded as unethical, we could experience supply chain disruptions, canceled orders, terminations of or damage to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. if any of them fails to procure necessary license rights to third-party intellectual property, legal action could ensue that could impact the saleability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to third parties.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act includes disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals mined from the democratic republic of congo and adjoining countries (drc) and procedures pertaining to a manufacturer's efforts regarding the source of such minerals. sec rules implementing these requirements may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply drc conflict free components and parts, and we may not be able to obtain drc conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for our operations. since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the minerals used in our products.
web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using our products and services.
web spam refers to websites that attempt to violate a search engine's quality guidelines or that otherwise seek to rank higher in search results than a search engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them.
although english-language web spam in our search results has been significantly reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek ways to improve their rankings inappropriately. we continuously combat web spam, including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. we face challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate large quantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. we are continually launching algorithmic changes focused on low-quality websites. if our search results display an increasing number of web spam and content farms, this could hurt our reputation for delivering
14
alphabet inc.
relevant information or reduce user traffic to our websites. in addition, as we continue to take actions to improve our search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may in the short run reduce our google network members' revenues, since some of these websites are google network members.
interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.
the availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems. some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of certain of these facilities have financial difficulties. some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. the occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. in addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in our services or the failure of our systems.
our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. international revenues accounted for approximately 53% of our consolidated revenues in 2017. in certain international markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed.
in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to other risks, including the following:
•   restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the u.s.
•   import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs.
•   longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.
•   evolving foreign laws and legal systems.
•   uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.
•   different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers' councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.
additionally, changes in international local political, economic, regulatory, tax, social, and labor conditions may adversely harm our business, and compliance with complex international and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include, among others, internal control and disclosure rules, privacy and data protection requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and competition regulations, among others. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our international growth efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
finally, since we conduct business in currencies other than u.s. dollars but report our financial results in u.s. dollars, we face exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
15
alphabet inc.
our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.
our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. as a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. each of the risk factors listed in this section in addition to the following factors may affect our operating results:
•   our ability to continue to attract and retain users to our products and services.
•   our ability to monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic on google properties and our google network members' properties across various devices.
•   revenue fluctuations caused by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix.
•   the amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than u.s. dollars, and our ability to manage the resulting risk through our foreign exchange risk management program.
•   the amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations, and infrastructure.
•   our focus on long-term goals over short-term results.
•   the results of our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, and technologies.
•   our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions.
•   our ability to attract user adoption of and generate significant revenues from new products, services, and technologies in which we have invested considerable time and resources.
•   the seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality. our rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. as our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate.
because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results.
if we were to lose the services of key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.
our future success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. in particular, larry page and sergey brin are critical to the overall management of alphabet and its subsidiaries, and they, along with sundar pichai, the chief executive officer of google, play an important role in the development of our technology. they also play a key role in maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. all of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. the loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business.
we rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.
our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. in addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees.
in addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. as our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly in light of our holding company structure, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. this could negatively impact our future success.
16
alphabet inc.
our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. internet access providers may be able to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers.
our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures, including legal actions, that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms of discrimination by internet access providers, but there is substantial uncertainty in the united states and elsewhere regarding such protections. in addition, in some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. such interference could result in a loss of existing users, advertisers, and goodwill, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth.
new and existing technologies could block ads online, which would harm our business.
technologies have been developed that enable users to block the display of ads altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the core functionality of third-party digital advertising. most of our google revenues are derived from fees paid to us in connection with the display of ads online. as a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results.
we are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments.
given the global nature of our business, we have investments both domestically and internationally. market values of these investments can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, financial results, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, or other factors. as a result, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
we could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
in addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. as a result, we have received, and may in the future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions on various tax-related assertions, including transfer pricing adjustments or permanent establishment. any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. in addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.
furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change, which could materially affect our financial position and results of operations.
the ongoing effects of the tax act and the refinement of provisional estimates could make our results difficult to predict.
our effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future as a result of the tax act, which was enacted on december 22, 2017. the tax act introduces significant changes to u.s. income tax law that will have a meaningful impact on our provision for income taxes. accounting for the income tax effects of the tax act requires significant judgments and estimates in the interpretation and calculations of the provisions of the tax act.
due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, we made reasonable estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. the u.s. treasury department, the internal revenue service (irs), and other standard-setting bodies may issue guidance on how the provisions of the tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that is
17
alphabet inc.
different from our interpretation. as we collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret the tax act and any additional guidance issued by the irs or other standard-setting bodies, we may make adjustments to the provisional amounts that could materially affect our financial position and results of operations as well as our effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made.
risks related to ownership of our stock the trading price for our class a common stock and non-voting class c capital stock may continue to be volatile.
the trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. for example, from january 1, 2017 through december 31, 2017, the closing price of our class a common stock ranged from $807.77 per share to $1,085.09 per share, and the closing price of our class c capital stock ranged from $786.14 to $1,077.14 per share.
in addition to the factors discussed in this annual report on form 10-k, the trading price of our class a common stock and class c capital stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others:
•   quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors.
•   announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments.
•   recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates.
•   announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on earnings.
•   announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations.
•   commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless of its accuracy.
•   the volume of shares of class a common stock and class c capital stock available for public sale.
•   sales of class a common stock and class c capital stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers, and other employees).
•   short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our class a common stock and class c capital stock.
•   the perceived values of class a common stock and class c capital stock relative to one another.
•   our share repurchase program.
in addition, the stock market in general, which can be impacted by various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. these broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our class a common stock and our class c capital stock regardless of our actual operating performance.
we cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves.
in october 2016, our board of directors authorized our company to repurchase up to $7,019,340,976.83 of our class c capital stock. in january 2018, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional$8,589,869,056 of our class c capital stock. the repurchase program does not have an expiration date. the share repurchase program, authorized by our board of directors, does not obligate alphabet to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. the share repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock.
the concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters.
our class b common stock has 10 votes per share, our class a common stock has one vote per share, and our class c capital stock has no voting rights. as of december 31, 2017, larry, sergey, and eric e. schmidt beneficially owned approximately 92.7% of our outstanding class b common stock, which represented approximately 56.7% of
18
alphabet inc.
the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. larry, sergey, and eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. in addition, because our class c capital stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the class c capital stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could prolong the duration of larry and sergey's current relative ownership of our voting power and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. together with eric, they would also continue to be able to control any required stockholder vote with respect to certain change in control transactions involving alphabet (including an acquisition of alphabet by another company).
this concentrated control limits or severely restricts our stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. as a result, the market price of our class a common stock and our class c capital stock could be adversely affected.
provisions in our charter documents and under delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.
provisions in alphabet's certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. these provisions include the following:
•   our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. as a result of this structure, larry, sergey, and eric have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. as noted above, the issuance of the class c capital stock could have the effect of prolonging the influence of larry, sergey, and eric.
•   our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors.
•   our stockholders may not act by written consent. as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.
•   our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. this limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates.
•   stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting. these provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.
•   our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. the ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.
as a delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain delaware anti-takeover provisions. under delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. our board of directors could rely on delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
risks related to our holding company reorganization as a holding company, alphabet is dependent on the operations and funds of its subsidiaries.
on october 2, 2015, we completed a reorganization pursuant to which alphabet became a holding company with no business operations of its own. alphabet's only significant assets are the outstanding equity interests in its subsidiaries, including google. as a result, we rely on cash flows from subsidiaries to meet our obligations, including to service any debt obligations of alphabet.
we may not obtain the anticipated benefits of our reorganization into a holding company structure.
we believe that our holding company reorganization and the current operating structure increases management scale and allows us to focus on running our diverse businesses independently with the goal of maximizing each business' potential. the benefits of this reorganization may not be obtained if circumstances prevent us from taking
19
alphabet inc.
advantage of the strategic and business opportunities that we expect it may afford us. as a result, we may incur the costs of a holding company structure without realizing the benefits, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
alphabet's management is dedicating significant effort to the other bets' operating structures and business operations. these efforts may divert management's focus and resources from alphabet's overall business, corporate initiatives, or strategic opportunities, which could have an adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. additionally, our subsidiaries may be restricted in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions to alphabet, as the new holding company.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
trends in our business the following trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to impact our future results:
•users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.
the continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.
•as online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization.
as interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. for example, we have seen an increase in youtube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional desktop search ads. additionally, we continue to see a shift to programmatic buying which presents opportunities for advertisers to connect with the right user, in the right moment, in the right context. programmatic buying has a different monetization profile than traditional advertising buying on google properties.
•users are increasingly using multiple devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertising revenues are increasingly coming from mobile and other new formats.
our users are accessing the internet via multiple devices and modalities and want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. we seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business.
we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. accordingly, we expect tac paid to our distribution partners to increase due to changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points. we expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins.
•as users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase and movements in foreign exchange rates impact such revenues.
the shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the u.s., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. this has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.
our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. while we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.
•the portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing and may impact margins.
non-advertising revenues have grown over time. we expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users through products and services like google cloud, google play, hardware products, and youtube subscriptions. across these initiatives, we currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for google cloud offerings. the margins on these non-advertising businesses vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising business. a number of our other bets initiatives are in their initial development stages, and as such, the sources of revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could be volatile.
26
alphabet inc.
•as we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in r&d and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate.
we continue to make significant research and development (r&d) investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. the amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure.
in addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitions and other investments. these acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas.
•   our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.
our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. their energy and talent drive alphabet and create our success. we expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.
executive overview of results below are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2017 (consolidated unless otherwise noted):
•   revenues of $110.9 billion and revenue growth of 23% year over year, constant currency revenue growth of 24% year over year.
•   google segment revenues of $109.7 billion with revenue growth of 23% year over year and other bets revenues of $1.2 billion with revenue growth of 49% year over year.
•   revenues from the united states, emea, apac, and other americas were $52.4 billion, $36.0 billion, $16.2 billion, and $6.1 billion, respectively.
•   cost of revenues was $45.6 billion, consisting of tac of $21.7 billion and other cost of revenues of $23.9 billion. our tac as a percentage of advertising revenues was 23%.
•   operating expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were $39.1 billion.
•   income from operations was $26.1 billion.
•   effective tax rate was 53%.
•   net income was $12.7 billion with diluted net income per share of $18.00.
•   operating cash flow was $37.1 billion.
•   capital expenditures were $13.2 billion.
•   number of employees was 80,110 as of december 31, 2017.
information about segments we operate our business in multiple operating segments. google is our only reportable segment. none of our other segments meet the quantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed below as other bets.
our reported segments are:
•   google - google includes our main products such as ads, android, chrome, commerce, google cloud, google maps, google play, hardware, search, and youtube. our technical infrastructure and some newer efforts like virtual reality are also included in google. google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for google cloud offerings.
•   other bets - other bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. other bets includes businesses such as access, calico, capitalg, gv, nest, verily, waymo, and x. revenues from the other bets are derived primarily through the sales of internet and tv services through fiber, sales of nest products and services, and licensing and r&amp;d services through verily.
please refer to note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
27
alphabet inc.
revenues the following table presents our revenues, by segment and revenue source (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                           2016                  2017
google segment google properties revenues                      $52,357               $63,785                 $77,788
google network members' properties revenues      15,033                15,598                  17,587
google advertising revenues                      67,390                79,383                  95,375
google other revenues                             7,154                10,080                  14,277
google segment revenues                         $74,544               $89,463                $109,652
other bets other bets revenues                                $445                  $809                  $1,203
revenues                                        $74,989               $90,272                $110,855
google segment the following table presents our google segment revenues (in millions), and changes in our aggregate paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                        2016                    2017
google segment revenues                                       $74,544               $89,463                $109,652
google segment revenues as a percentage of total revenues        99.4    %             99.1    %               98.9    %
aggregate paid clicks change                                                             34    %                 46    %
aggregate cost-per-click change                                                         (11   )%                (19   )%
use of monetization metrics when assessing our advertising revenues performance, we present information regarding the percentage change in the number of paid clicks and cost-per-click for our google properties and google network members' properties. management views these as important metrics for understanding our business.
paid clicks for our google properties represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users related to searches on google.com, clicks related to advertisements on other owned and operated properties including gmail, google maps, and google play, and viewed youtube engagement ads. paid clicks for our google network members' properties include clicks by end-users related to advertisements served on google network members' properties participating in admob, adsense for content, and adsense for search. in some cases, such as programmatic and reservation based advertising buying, we primarily charge advertisers by impression; while growing, this represents a small part of our consolidated revenues base.
cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users.
we periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and for identifying the revenues generated by click activity.
28
alphabet inc.
in the first quarter of 2017, we refined our methodology for paid clicks and cost-per-click to include additional categories of trueview engagement ads and exclude non-engagement based trial ad formats. this change resulted in a modest increase in growth of paid clicks and a modest decrease in growth of cost-per-click. for comparison purposes, we have included updated data for historical periods in the table below:
three months ended       year ended mar 31, 2016          jun 30, 2016          sep 30, 2016          dec 31, 2016       dec 31, 2016
year-over-year change aggregate paid clicks                                      29   %                28   %                32   %                39        %           34   %
paid clicks on google properties                           38   %                36   %                41   %                47        %           43   %
paid clicks on google network members' properties           2   %                 0   %                 1   %                 7        %            3   %
aggregate cost-per-click                                   (8   )%               (6   )%              (10   )%              (17       )%       (11      )%
cost-per-click on google properties                       (11   )%               (8   )%              (12   )%              (18       )%       (13      )%
cost-per-click on google network members' properties       (8   )%               (8   )%              (14   )%              (19       )%       (13      )%
quarter-over-quarter change aggregate paid clicks                                      (2   )%                7   %                 9   %                22        %       n/a paid clicks on google properties                           (3   )%                9   %                11   %                25        %       n/a paid clicks on google network members' properties           4   %                (3   )%                1   %                 6        %       n/a aggregate cost-per-click                                   (1   )%               (1   )%               (5   )%              (10       )%       n/a cost-per-click on google properties                         1   %                (2   )%               (6   )%              (12       )%       n/a cost-per-click on google network members' properties      (12   )%               (2   )%               (6   )%                0        %       n/a our advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on google properties and google network members' properties and the correlation between these items, have fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate because of various factors, including:
•   advertiser competition for keywords;
•   changes in advertising quality or formats;
•   changes in device mix;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;
•   general economic conditions;
•   growth rates of revenues from google properties, including youtube, compared to growth rates of revenues from google network members' properties;
•   seasonality;
•   shift in the proportion of non-click based revenues generated on google properties and google network members' properties, including an increase in programmatic and reservation based advertising buying; and
•   traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.
our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels, changes in our product mix, increasing competition, query growth rates, our investments in new business strategies, shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues, and the evolution of the online advertising market. we also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
29
alphabet inc.
google properties the following table presents our google properties revenues (in millions), and changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                    2016                  2017
google properties revenues                                                $52,357               $63,785               $77,788
google properties revenues as a percentage of google segment revenues        70.2    %             71.3    %             70.9    %
paid clicks change                                                                                   43    %               54    %
cost-per-click change                                                                               (13   )%              (21   )%
google properties revenues consist primarily of advertising revenues that are generated on:
•   google search properties which includes revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.; and
•   other google owned and operated properties like gmail, google maps, google play, and youtube.
our google properties revenues increased $14,003 million from 2016 to 2017. the growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile search resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. we also experienced growth in youtube driven primarily by video advertising, as well as growth in desktop search due to improvements in ad formats and delivery. the growth was partially offset by the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on google properties increased from 2016 to 2017 due to growth in youtube engagement ads, increases in mobile search queries, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers and user base. the positive impact on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers from 2016 to 2017. the decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in youtube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms. cost-per-click was also impacted by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
our google properties revenues increased $11,428 million from 2015 to 2016 and also increased as a percentage of google segment revenues. the growth was primarily driven by increases in mobile search most notably due to ongoing improvements in ad formats and delivery launched during 2016. we also experienced growth in youtube revenue driven primarily by video advertising across trueview with a growing contribution from ad buying on doubleclick bid manager, as well as improvements in ad formats and delivery. the growth was partially offset by the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on google properties increased from 2015 to 2016 due to growth in the adoption of youtube engagement ads, improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, and continued global expansion of our products, advertisers, and user base across all platforms, particularly mobile. the positive impact on our revenues from paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. the decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in youtube engagement ads where cost-per-click remains lower than on our other advertising platforms, and also impacted by changes in device mix, property mix, product mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
google network members' properties the following table presents our google network members' properties revenues (in millions) and changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                     2016                  2017
google network members' properties revenues                                                $15,033               $15,598               $17,587
google network members' properties revenues as a percentage of google segment revenues        20.2    %             17.4    %             16.0    %
paid clicks change                                                                                                     3    %               10    %
cost-per-click change                                                                                                (13   )%               (9   )%
30
alphabet inc.
google network members' properties revenues consist primarily of advertising revenues generated from ads placed on google network member properties through:
•   admob;
•   adsense (such as adsense for content, adsense for search, etc.); and
•   doubleclick adexchange.
our google network members' properties revenues increased $1,989 million from 2016 to 2017. the growth was primarily driven by strength in both programmatic advertising buying and admob, offset by a decline in our traditional adsense businesses and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the increase in paid clicks from 2016 to 2017 resulted primarily from growth in admob and an increase from our traditional adsense for search business. the positive impact on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. the changes in cost-per-click from 2016 to 2017 was impacted by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
our google network members' properties revenues increased $565 million from 2015 to 2016. the growth was primarily driven by strength in programmatic advertising buying as well as strength in admob, offset by a decline in our traditional adsense business and the general strengthening of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
the increase in paid clicks from 2015 to 2016 resulted from the growth in admob offset by declines in adsense. the decrease in cost-per-click paid by our advertisers from 2015 to 2016 resulted from changes in the product mix of google network members advertising revenues, ongoing product and policy changes, changes in property and device mix, geographic mix, and relative fluctuations of the u.s. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.
google other revenues the following table presents our google other revenues (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                               2016                  2017
google other revenues                                                 $7,154               $10,080               $14,277
google other revenues as a percentage of google segment revenues         9.6    %             11.3    %             13.0    %
google other revenues consist primarily of revenues from:
•   apps, in-app purchases, and digital content in the google play store;
•   google cloud offerings; and
•   hardware.
our google other revenues increased $4,197 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily driven by revenues from google cloud offerings, hardware sales, and revenues from google play, largely relating to in-app purchases (revenues which we recognize net of payout to developers).
our google other revenues increased $2,926 million from 2015 to 2016 and increased as a percentage of google segment revenues. these increases were primarily due to the growth in revenues from google play, primarily relating to in-app purchases (revenues which we recognize net of payout to developers), hardware sales, and google cloud offerings.
other bets the following table presents our other bets revenues (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                2016                  2017
other bets revenues                                        $445                $809                $1,203
other bets revenues as a percentage of total revenues       0.6    %            0.9    %              1.1    %
other bets revenues consist primarily of revenues and sales from:
•   internet and tv services;
•   licensing and r&amp;d services; and
•   nest branded hardware.
31
alphabet inc.
our other bets revenues increased $394 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily driven by revenues from sales of nest branded hardware, fiber internet and tv services, and verily licensing and r&d services.
our other bets revenues increased $364 million from 2015 to 2016 and increased as a percentage of consolidated revenues. these increases were primarily driven by sales of nest branded hardware and revenues from fiber internet and tv services. there was also an increase in revenues from verily licensing and r&d services from 2015 to 2016.
due to the early stage of our other bets businesses and because their revenues aggregate a number of businesses operating in different industries, our other bets revenues may fluctuate in future periods. additionally, our other bets revenues may fluctuate due to one-time items.
revenues by geography the following table presents our revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the billing addresses of our customers:
year ended december 31,
2015                               2016           2017
united states    46   %         47    %        47    %
emea             35   %         34    %        33    %
apac             14   %         14    %        15    %
other americas    5   %          5    %         5    %
for the amounts of revenues by geography, please refer to note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
use of constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth the impact of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. our international revenues are favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. our international revenues are also favorably impacted by net hedging gains and unfavorably impacted by net hedging losses.
we use non-gaap constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to gaap results helps improve the ability to understand our performance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.
constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. we define constant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use it to determine the constant currency revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging impacts realized in the current period.
constant currency revenue growth (expressed as a percentage) is calculated by determining the increase in current period revenues over prior period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging impacts are excluded from revenues of both periods.
these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with gaap. results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure of performance presented in accordance with gaap.
32
alphabet inc.
the following table presents our foreign exchange impact on our international revenues and total revenues (in millions):
twelve months ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                             2016                  2017
emea revenues                                                                         $26,368             $30,304               $36,046
exclude foreign exchange impact on current period revenues using prior year rates       3,802               1,291                    (5   )
exclude hedging impact recognized in current period                                      (989   )            (479   )               190
emea constant currency revenues                                                       $29,181             $31,116               $36,231
prior period emea revenues, excluding hedging impact                                  $24,497             $25,379               $29,825
emea revenue growth                                                                                            15   %                19   %
emea constant currency revenue growth                                                                          23   %                21   %
apac revenues                                                                          $9,887             $12,559               $16,235
exclude foreign exchange impact on current period revenues using prior year rates       1,076                (362   )                26
exclude hedging impact recognized in current period                                      (323   )             (31   )               (43   )
apac constant currency revenues                                                       $10,640             $12,166               $16,218
prior period apac revenues, excluding hedging impact                                   $8,169              $9,564               $12,528
apac revenue growth                                                                                            27   %                29   %
apac constant currency revenue growth                                                                          27   %                29   %
other americas revenues                                                                $3,924              $4,628                $6,125
exclude foreign exchange impact on current period revenues using prior year rates         712                 344                  (148   )
exclude hedging impact recognized in current period                                       (88   )             (29   )                22
other americas constant currency revenues                                              $4,548              $4,943                $5,999
prior period other americas revenues, excluding hedging impact                         $3,681              $3,836                $4,599
other americas revenue growth                                                                                  18   %                32   %
other americas constant currency revenue growth                                                                29   %                30   %
united states revenues                                                                $34,810             $42,781               $52,449
united states revenue growth                                                                                   23   %                23   %
total revenues                                                                        $74,989             $90,272              $110,855
total constant currency revenues                                                      $79,179             $91,006              $110,897
total revenue growth                                                                                           20   %                23   %
total constant currency revenue growth                                                                         24   %                24   %
our emea revenues from 2016 to 2017 were unfavorably impacted, primarily as a result of an unfavorable impact from hedging losses, slightly offset by a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. the foreign exchange impact was due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the euro and russian ruble, partially offset by the impact of the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the british pound and turkish lira.
our emea revenues from 2015 to 2016 were unfavorably impacted, primarily as a result of an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, offset by a favorable impact from hedging benefits. the foreign exchange impact was due to the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the british pound, euro, and russian ruble.
our revenues from apac from 2016 to 2017 were relatively flat, primarily as a result of a favorable impact from hedging benefits, offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates. the foreign exchange impact
33
alphabet inc.
was due to the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the japanese yen, partially offset by the impact of the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the australian dollar, indian rupee, south korean won, and taiwanese dollar.
our revenues from apac from 2015 to 2016 were relatively flat, primarily as a result of slight favorable impacts from foreign currency exchange rates and hedging benefits. the foreign exchange impact was due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the japanese yen, partially offset by the impact of the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the indian rupee and australian dollar.
our revenues from other americas from 2016 to 2017 were favorably impacted, primarily as a result of a favorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, slightly offset by an unfavorable impact from hedging losses. the foreign exchange impact was due to the u.s. dollar weakening relative to the brazilian real and canadian dollar, partially offset by the impact of the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to the argentine peso.
our revenues from other americas from 2015 to 2016 were unfavorably impacted, primarily as a result of an unfavorable impact from foreign currency exchange rates, slightly offset by a favorable impact from hedging benefits. the foreign exchange impact was due to the u.s. dollar strengthening relative to certain currencies including the argentine peso, canadian dollar, brazilian real, and the mexican peso.
costs and expenses cost of revenues cost of revenues consists of tac which are paid to google network members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.
the cost of revenues related to revenues generated from ads placed on google network members' properties are significantly higher than the costs of revenues related to revenues generated from ads placed on google properties because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on google network members' properties are paid as tac to our google network members.
additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding tac) includes the following:
•   amortization of certain intangible assets;
•   content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution on youtube and google play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee);
•   credit card and other transaction fees related to processing customer transactions;
•   expenses associated with our data center and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including sbc), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and
•   inventory related costs for hardware we sell.
34
alphabet inc.
the following tables present our cost of revenues, including tac (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                         2016                  2017
tac                                                                                                                            $14,343               $16,793               $21,672
other cost of revenues                                                                                                          13,821                18,345                23,911
total cost of revenues                                                                                                         $28,164               $35,138               $45,583
total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues                                                                                37.6    %             38.9    %             41.1    %
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                         2016                  2017
tac to distribution partners                                                                                                    $4,101                $5,894                $9,031
tac to distribution partners as a percentage of google properties revenues(1) (google properties tac rate)                         7.8    %              9.2    %             11.6    %
tac to google network members                                                                                                  $10,242               $10,899               $12,641
tac to google network members as a percentage of google network members' properties revenues(1) (network members tac rate)        68.1    %             69.9    %             71.9    %
tac                                                                                                                            $14,343               $16,793               $21,672
tac as a percentage of advertising revenues(1) (aggregate tac rate)                                                               21.3    %             21.2    %             22.7    %
(1)   revenues include hedging gains(losses) which impact tac rates.
cost of revenues increased $10,445 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was due to an increase in tac of $4,879 million. the increase in tac to distribution partners was a result of an increase in google properties revenues and the associated tac rate. the increase in tac to google network members was a result of an increase in google network members' properties revenues and the associated tac rate.
the increase in the google properties tac rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher tac because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. the increase in the network members tac rate was driven by the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying. the increase in the aggregate tac rate was also partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from google network members' properties to google properties.
other cost of revenues increased $5,566 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was due to various factors, including an increase in data center and other operations costs, which include depreciation, compensation expenses (including sbc), energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth; hardware costs associated with new hardware launches; and content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to youtube.
cost of revenues increased $6,974 million from 2015 to 2016 due to various factors including traffic acquisition costs, data center costs, content acquisition costs, and hardware costs. the increase in traffic acquisition costs of $2,450 million was due to increases in advertising revenues primarily from the growth of mobile search and programmatic ad buying which carry higher tac. the increase in other cost of revenues of $4,524 million was primarily due to increases in (1) data center costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth, (2) content acquisition costs as a result of increased activities related to youtube, (3) hardware costs associated with new hardware launches, and (4) stock-based compensation.
the aggregate tac rate remained relatively flat from 2015 to 2016 primarily as a result of a shift of mix from google network members' properties revenue to google properties revenue. our aggregate tac rate was also impacted by the increase in mobile and programmatic advertising buying, which generally carry overall higher tac. the increase in google properties tac rate was primarily driven by a shift to mobile and more mobile searches are subject to tac. the increase in network members' tac rate was primarily driven by the shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying.
35
alphabet inc.
we expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including the following:
•   google network members tac rates, which are affected by the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying which carries higher tac;
•   google properties tac rates, which are affected by changes in device mix between mobile, desktop, and tablet, partner mix, partner agreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;
•   growth rates of expenses associated with our data center and other operations, content acquisition costs, as well as our hardware inventory and related costs;
•   increased proportion of non-advertising revenues, whose costs are generally higher in relation to our advertising revenues;
•   relative revenue growth rates of google properties and our google network members' properties.
research and development the following table presents our r&d expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                            2016                  2017
research and development expenses                                 $12,282               $13,948               $16,625
research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues        16.4    %             15.5    %             15.0    %
r&d expenses consist primarily of:
•   compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs for employees responsible for r&amp;d of our existing and new products and services; and
•   depreciation and equipment-related expenses.
r&d expenses increased $2,677 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs of $1,886 million, largely resulting from a 16% increase in headcount. in addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of $569 million.
r&d expenses increased $1,666 million from 2015 to 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $667 million and an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $326 million, both largely as a result of a 16% increase in r&d headcount, partially offset by higher expenses resulting from project milestones in other bets in 2015. in addition, there was an increase in depreciation and equipment-related expenses of approximately $388 million and an increase in professional services of $267 million due to additional expenses incurred for consulting, outsourced services, and temporary services.
we expect that r&d expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods.
sales and marketing the following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                       2016                  2017
sales and marketing expenses                                  $9,047               $10,485               $12,893
sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues        12.1    %             11.6    %             11.6    %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:
•   advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and
•   compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions.
sales and marketing expenses increased $2,408 million from 2016 to 2017. the increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $1,266 million, largely resulting from increases in marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products, cloud offerings, and youtube. in addition, there was an increase in compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs of $853 million, largely resulting from a 6% increase in headcount.
36
alphabet inc.
sales and marketing expenses increased $1,438 million from 2015 to 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising and promotional expenses of $679 million, largely due to increases in marketing and promotion-related expenses for our hardware products. additionally, there was an increase in labor and facilities-related costs of $482 million, and stock-based compensation expense of $179 million, both largely resulting from a 10% increase in sales and marketing headcount.
we expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods.
general and administrative the following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                              2016                  2017
general and administrative expenses                                  $6,136                $6,985                $6,872
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues         8.2    %              7.7    %              6.2    %
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of:
•   amortization of certain intangible assets;
•   compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs for employees in our facilities, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal organizations;
•   depreciation and equipment-related expenses; and
•   professional services fees primarily related to audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.
general and administrative expenses decreased $113 million from 2016 to 2017. the decrease was primarily from reduced allocations to general and administrative expenses with an offsetting increase to costs of revenues and other operating expenses. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in compensation expenses, including sbc, and facilities-related costs of $271 million, largely resulting from a 9% increase in headcount. additionally, there was an increase in professional service fees of $253 million due to additional expenses incurred for outsourced services and consulting services.
general and administrative expenses increased $849 million from 2015 to 2016. the increase was primarily due to increases in labor and facilities-related costs of $460 million, and stock-based compensation expense of $421 million, both largely resulting from a 15% increase in general and administrative headcount, as well as increases in other miscellaneous expenses. these increases were offset by a decrease in professional service fees of $194 million due to lower legal-related costs.
we expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods.
european commission fine in june 2017, the ec announced its decision that certain actions taken by google regarding its display and ranking of shopping search results and ads infringed european competition law. the ec decision imposed a €2.42 billion (approximately $2.74 billion as of june 27, 2017) fine, which was accrued in the second quarter of 2017.
other income (expense), net the following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                   2016                  2017
other income (expense), net                                   $291                $434                $1,047
other income (expense), net, as a percentage of revenues       0.4    %            0.5    %              0.9    %
other income (expense), net, increased $613 million from 2016 to 2017. this increase was primarily driven by reduced costs of our foreign currency hedging activities, decreased losses on marketable securities and an increase in interest income.
37
alphabet inc.
other income (expense), net, increased $143 million from 2015 to 2016. this increase was primarily driven by an increase in interest income and decreased losses on non-marketable investments, partially offset by increased losses from our foreign currency transactions and impairments for certain assets.
the costs of our foreign exchange hedging activities recognized in other income (expense), net, are primarily a function of the notional amount of the option and forward contracts and their related duration, the movement of foreign exchange rates relative to the contract prices, the volatility of foreign exchange rates and forward points. the hedging costs expensed in other income (expense), net, decreased as a result of less option premiums paid after we began to use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our forecasted revenues in the fourth quarter of 2016.
we expect that other income (expense), net, will fluctuate in dollar amount in future periods as it is largely driven by market dynamics.
provision for income taxes the following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                         2016                  2017
provision for income taxes      $3,303                $4,672               $14,531
effective tax rate                16.8    %             19.3    %             53.4    %
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2016 to 2017, due to the tax act that was enacted in december 2017. please refer to note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2015 to 2016, largely due to proportionately more earnings generated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates and discrete items in 2015 and 2016, partially offset by the stock-based compensation benefits recognized resulting from the adoption of accounting standards update no. 2016-09 (asu 2016-09).
our future effective tax rate will be affected by the tax act. effective in 2018, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and creates new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred to as the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively.
our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
quarterly results of operations the following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as our audited consolidated financial statements. our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or for a full year.
the following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2017. this table includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our consolidated financial position and operating results for the quarters presented. both seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business. commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. these seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates.
38
alphabet inc.
quarter ended mar 31,               jun 30,               sep 30,               dec 31,              mar 31,              jun 30,              sep 30,              dec 31,
2016                  2016                  2016                  2016                 2017                 2017                 2017                 2017
(in millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited)
consolidated statements of income data:
revenues                                                                                 $20,257               $21,500               $22,451               $26,064              $24,750              $26,010              $27,772              $32,323
costs and expenses:
cost of revenues                                                                           7,648                 8,130                 8,699                10,661                9,795               10,373               11,148               14,267
research and development                                                                   3,367                 3,363                 3,596                 3,622                3,942                4,172                4,205                4,306
sales and marketing                                                                        2,387                 2,415                 2,565                 3,118                2,644                2,897                3,042                4,310
general and administrative                                                                 1,513                 1,624                 1,824                 2,024                1,801                1,700                1,595                1,776
european commission fine                                                                       0        0                     0                     0                     0                            2,736        0                    0
total costs and expenses                                                                  14,915                15,532                16,684                19,425               18,182               21,878               19,990               24,659
income from operations                                                                     5,342                 5,968                 5,767                 6,639                6,568                4,132                7,782                7,664
other income (expense), net                                                                 (213    )   151                   278                   218                   251                  245                  197                  354
income from continuing operations before income taxes                                      5,129                 6,119                 6,045                 6,857                6,819                4,377                7,979                8,018
provision for income taxes                                                                   922                 1,242        984                            1,524                1,393        853                          1,247               11,038
net income                                                                                $4,207                $4,877                $5,061                $5,333               $5,426               $3,524               $6,732              $(3,020    )
basic net income per share of class a and b common stock and class c capital stock         $6.12                 $7.11                 $7.36                 $7.73                $7.85                $5.09                $9.71               $(4.35    )
diluted net income per share of class a and b common stock and class c capital stock       $6.02                 $7.00                 $7.25                 $7.56                $7.73                $5.01                $9.57               $(4.35    )
capital resources and liquidity as of december 31, 2017, we had $101.9 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities with $62.8 billion held by our foreign subsidiaries. cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments of the u.s. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the u.s., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. from time to time, we may hold marketable equity securities obtained through acquisitions or strategic investments in private companies that subsequently go public.
on december 22, 2017, the tax act was enacted and we recorded a tax liability for the one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings of $10.2 billion, of which $890 million and $9.3 billion were presented within "income tax payable, current" and "income tax payable, non-current," respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2017. as permitted by the tax act, we intend to pay the one-time transition tax in eight annual interest-free installments beginning in 2018.
our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from our operations. we have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. we had no commercial paper outstanding as of december 31, 2017. we have a $4.0 billion revolving credit facility expiring in february 2021. the interest rate for the credit facility is determined based on a formula using certain market rates. as of december 31, 2017, no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility. we believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.
as of december 31, 2017, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 with a total carrying value of $3.9 billion and a total estimated fair value of $4.0 billion.
in october 2016, the board of directors of alphabet authorized the repurchase of up to $7.0 billion of alphabet class c capital stock. in 2017, we repurchased and subsequently retired 5.2 million shares of alphabet class c capital stock for an aggregate amount of $4.8 billion. in january 2018, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $8.6 billion of alphabet class c capital stock. the repurchases are expected to be executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through rule 10b5-1 plans.
39
alphabet inc.
in january 2017, temasek, a singapore-based investment company, signed a binding commitment to purchase a non-controlling interest in verily for an aggregate of $800 million in cash. we received the first tranche of $480 million in the first quarter of 2017 and the final tranche of $320 million in the third quarter of 2017.
the following table presents our cash flows (in millions):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                           2016                    2017
net cash provided by operating activities   $26,572                 $36,036                 $37,091
net cash used in investing activities       $(23,711      )         $(31,165      )         $(31,401      )
net cash used in financing activities       $(4,225       )         $(8,332       )         $(8,298       )
cash provided by operating activities our largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by google properties and google network members' properties. additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for google cloud offerings.
our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. in addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardware costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to increases in cash received from advertising revenues and google other revenues (net of payouts to app developers), offset by increases in cash paid for cost of revenues, operating expenses, and income taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2015 to 2016 primarily due to increases in cash received from advertising revenues and google other revenues, offset by increases in cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses. additionally, the timing of tax payments and refunds had a favorable impact to our cash flows from operations for 2016 compared to 2015.
cash used in investing activities cash provided by or used in investing activities primarily consists of purchases of property and equipment, purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable securities in our investment portfolio, cash collateral received or returned from our securities lending program, payments for acquisitions, and the proceeds from the collection of notes receivable.
net cash used in investing activities increased slightly from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to increases in purchases of marketable securities and increases in purchases of property and equipment, offset by increases in the maturities and sales of marketable securities, decreases in cash collateral paid related to securities lending, and increase in proceeds received from collections of notes receivables.
net cash used in investing activities increased from 2015 to 2016 primarily due to increases in purchases of marketable securities, increases in cash collateral paid related to securities lending and increases in spend related to acquisitions, partially offset by increases in maturities and sales of marketable securities and decreases in purchases of non-marketable investments.
cash used in financing activities cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net proceeds or payments from issuance or repayments of debt, repurchases of capital stock, and net proceeds or payments from stock-based award activities.
net cash used in financing activities decreased slightly from 2016 to 2017 primarily driven by decreases in the net cash outflow from repayments and issuance of debt, offset by increases in the repurchases of capital stock.
net cash used in financing activities increased from 2015 to 2016 primarily driven by decreases in proceeds from issuance of debt, and increases in the repurchases of capital stock and net payments related to stock-based award activities, partially offset by a decrease in debt repayments.
40
alphabet inc.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017
the following summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 (in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year             1-3years             3-5years            more than5 years operating lease obligations, net of sublease income amounts(1)      $8,753                  $1,160                  $2,182               $1,796                   $3,615
purchase obligations(2)                                              7,154                   4,548                   1,910                  241                      455
long-term debt obligations(3)                                        4,744                     112                     224                1,170                    3,238
tax payable(4)                                                      10,233                     890                   1,746                1,746                    5,851
other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet(5)        2,416                     348                     619                  511                      938
total contractual obligations                                      $33,300                  $7,058                  $6,681               $5,464                  $14,097
(1)   for further information, refer to note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
(2)   represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to data center operations and build-outs; digital media content licensing arrangements; and purchases of inventory. the amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or the minimum cancellation fee. for those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of december 31, 2017. excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations.
(3)   represents our principal and interest payments. for further information on long-term debt, refer to note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
(4)   represents one-time transition tax payable related to known amounts of cash taxes payable in future years as a result of the tax act. for further information, refer to note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii of this annual report on form 10-k. excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable of $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 related to uncertain tax positions. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments for uncertain tax positions in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.
(5)   represents cash obligations recorded on our consolidated balance sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities, and consist primarily of facility build-outs and payments owed in connection with certain commercial agreements.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). in doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. in some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. in some cases, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. to the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. we base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. we refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss further below. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.
please see note 1 of part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for the summary of significant accounting policies.
41
alphabet inc.
revenues for the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenues on a gross basis, or an agent, and report revenues on a net basis. in this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they are transferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion in establishing price.
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, determining our provision for income taxes, and evaluating the impact of the tax act.
the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017 and introduces significant changes to u.s. income tax law. effective in 2018, the tax act reduces the u.s. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and creates new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments, which are referred to as the global intangible low-taxed income tax and the base erosion tax, respectively. in addition, in 2017 we are subject to a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to u.s. income tax. accounting for the income tax effects of the tax act requires significant judgments and estimates in the interpretation and calculations of the provisions of the tax act.
due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tax act, we have made reasonable estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017. as we collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs or other standard-setting bodies, we may make adjustments to the provisional amounts. those adjustments may materially impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made. the accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the tax act will be completed in 2018.
although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.
the provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
loss contingencies we are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. certain of these matters include speculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. we record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. if we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to such matters. until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. see note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding contingencies.
business combinations we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair values
42
alphabet inc.
of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets.
critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows (primarily from customer relationships and acquired patents and developed technology) and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
other estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as more fully discussed in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill goodwill is allocated to reporting units expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. goodwill impairment tests require judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
long-lived assets long-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. an impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.
impairment of securities we periodically review our securities for impairment. if we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. factors we consider to make such determination include the duration and severity of the impairment, the reason for the decline in value and the potential recovery period and our intent to sell. for marketable debt securities, we also consider whether (1) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and (2) the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. if any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we will write down the asset to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income (expense), net.