item 1a.   risk factors the statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. the risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements.
failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management could adversely affect our results.
while opportunistic buying, operating with lean inventory levels and frequent inventory turns are key elements of our off-price business strategy, they subject us to risks related to the pricing, quantity, mix, nature and timing of inventory flowing to our stores. our merchants are in the marketplace frequently, as much of our merchandise is purchased for the current or immediately upcoming season, and our opportunistic buying places considerable discretion with them. our business model expects them to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. if we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected.
we base our purchases of inventory, in part, on our sales forecasts. if our sales forecasts do not match customer demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, leading to decreased profit margins, or we may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, leading to lost sales, either of which could adversely affect our financial performance.
if we are unable to generally purchase inventory at prices sufficiently below prices paid by conventional retailers, we may not be able to maintain an overall pricing differential to full-price retailers, including department, specialty, and major online retailers, and our ability to attract customers or sustain our margins may be adversely affected. we may not achieve this pricing differential at various times or in some reporting segments, chains or geographies, which could adversely affect our results.
similarly, we must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of distributing the right merchandise to the right stores in the right quantities at the right time. to respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and appropriately change the allocation of floor space at our stores among product categories. if we are not able to do so, our ability to attract and retain customers and our results could be adversely affected.
failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results.
our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels and, as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by
11
development, investment or acquisition. there are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully and managing the implementation of this growth effectively. if any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations, be required to increase our investment, slow our planned growth or close stores or operations. for example, if we are not able to find and lease appropriate real estate on attractive terms in the locations where we seek to open stores, we may need to slow our planned growth in those areas. similarly, new stores may not achieve the same sales or profit levels as our existing stores, whether in current or new markets, and adding stores or banners to existing markets may otherwise adversely affect our sales and profitability.
further, our substantial size can make it challenging to manage our complex operations effectively and to maintain appropriate internal resources and third party providers to support our business effectively. these challenges may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and to various functions across our business, including administration, systems, merchandising, store operations, distribution, logistics, and compliance, as well as putting pressure on appropriately staffing and training associates in these areas as we grow and/or managing appropriate third party providers to support these areas. the large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the u.s., canada, europe and australia and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business also increases the risk that our systems, controls, practices and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. these risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly if we expand into additional countries. if business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce our rate of expansion of one or more operations or otherwise curtail growth in one or more markets, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results.
failure to identify consumer trends and preferences to meet customer demand in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance.
as our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand and expectations, we work to identify consumer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to offer inventory and a shopping experience that meets those trends and preferences. however, doing so effectively and on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in each of the many markets in the u.s., canada, europe and australia in which we do business is challenging. trends and preferences in markets may differ from what we anticipate. although our business model allows us greater flexibility than many traditional retailers to meet consumer preferences and trends, for example by expanding and contracting merchandise categories in response to consumers' changing tastes, we may not successfully do so, which could add difficulty in attracting new customers, retaining existing customers, encouraging frequent visits and adversely affect our results.
customers may also have expectations about how they shop in stores or through e-commerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels (through technology including internet-based and other digital or mobile channels or particular forms of social media outlets), which may vary across demographics and may evolve rapidly. overall consumer spending online also continues to grow. meeting these expectations effectively involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed, among other things, and failure to do so may impact our financial results.
if we fail to successfully implement our various marketing efforts or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected.
customer traffic and demand for our merchandise may be influenced by our marketing efforts. although we use marketing to drive customer traffic through various media including television, radio, print, outdoor, digital/social media, email, mobile and direct mail, some of our competitors expend more for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. further, we may not effectively implement strategies with respect to rapidly evolving internet-based and other digital or mobile communication channels, including social media. our programs may not be or remain effective or could require increased expenditures, which could have a significant adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations.
12
we operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively.
the retail apparel and home fashion businesses are highly competitive. we compete with local, regional, national and international retailers that sell apparel, home fashions and other merchandise we sell, including in stores, through e-commerce, catalogues or other media or channels. some of our competitors are larger than we are or have more experience in selling certain product lines than we do. new competitors frequently enter the market and existing competitors enter or increase their presence in the markets in which we operate, expand their merchandise offerings, add new sales channels or change their pricing strategies, all of which affect the competitive landscape. consumer spending online has increased and may continue to increase, while our business is primarily in stores. we compete on the basis of various factors affecting value, meaning the combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality; merchandise selection and freshness; banner name recognition and appeal; both in-store and online service and shopping experience; and store location. if we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure to employ quality associates in appropriate numbers and to retain key associates and management, could adversely affect our performance.
our performance depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training and retaining talented associates in key areas such as buying and management as well as quality store, systems, distribution center and other associates in large numbers. we must constantly recruit new associates to fill entry level and part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover. availability and skill of associates may differ across markets in which we do business and in new markets we enter, and we may be unable to manage our labor needs effectively. in addition, because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must provide significant internal training and development for key associates across the company, including within our buying organization. similar to other retailers, we face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry and for talent in various geographic markets. if we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development and retain them in sufficient numbers and at appropriate levels of the organization, our growth could be limited and our performance could be adversely affected.
labor costs, including pension and healthcare costs, and other challenges from our large workforce may adversely affect our results and profitability.
we have a large workforce, and our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to various factors such as unemployment levels; prevailing wage rates and benefit levels, minimum wage laws and benefits requirements and other market pressures on wages and benefits; changing demographics; economic conditions; interest rate changes; economic, demographic and other actuarial assumptions; the costs of providing and managing retirement, health and other employee benefits, including health and insurance costs; and a dynamic regulatory environment, including health care legislation, immigration law and policy, and governmental labor, employment and employee benefits programs and requirements. changes to one or more of these factors could increase our labor costs.
increased labor costs may adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, when wage rates or benefit levels increase in a market, increasing our wages or benefits may negatively impact our earnings as they did during the past three fiscal years, while failing to increase our wages or benefits competitively or reducing our wages or benefits, could result in a decline in our ability to attract or retain associates or in the quality of our workforce, causing our customer service or performance to suffer, which could impact our results. many associates in our distribution centers are members of unions and therefore we are subject to the risk of labor actions of various kinds as well as risks and potential material expenses associated with multiemployer plans, including from pension plan underfunding, benefit cuts, increased contribution requirements, changes in plan terms, withdrawal liability, or insolvency of other participating employers or governmental insurance programs. other associates in europe are members of works councils, which may subject us to additional requirements, actions or expense.
13
compromises of our data security could materially harm our reputation and business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process and transmit confidential business information and certain information relating to individuals, such as our customers, associates and vendors (including, for example, customer payment card and check information and other personal data). we rely in part on commercially available systems, software, hardware, services, tools and monitoring to provide security for collection, storage, processing, and transmission of personal and/or confidential information. as with many other companies in the retail industry, we are subject to attempts to compromise our data security. for example, computer hackers have attempted and we expect will continue to attempt to penetrate our computer systems or those of third parties with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations. if successful, such computer hackers may further attempt to misappropriate personal information or confidential business information and/or to disrupt our business operations. while we have taken steps designed to further strengthen the security of our computer systems since the unauthorized intrusion(s) into our network discovered late in 2006, in which we believe customer data were stolen, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer a future data security compromise, that unauthorized parties will not gain access to the information that we collect, store, process or transmit or otherwise interfere with our systems, or that any such data security compromise or unauthorized access will be discovered in a timely way or resolved without a disruption to our business.
in addition, an associate, contractor or third party with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations may fail to monitor their or our systems effectively, may fail to maintain appropriate safeguards, may misuse the personal or confidential information to which they have access, may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to access or misappropriate such types of information, may purposefully or inadvertently allow unauthorized access to our systems or to personal or confidential information or may otherwise disrupt our business operations. advances in computer and software technology and capabilities, rapid changes in the sources, methods and targets of cyberattacks (for example, malware, ransomware and phishing attacks) and the use of devices to tamper with payment entry devices (such as skimmers and shimmers), and the increasing sophistication of cyber criminals generally increase the risk of a data compromise or business disruption.
compromise of our data security or that of third parties with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations, including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods or error, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of personal or business information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could, among other adverse impacts to our business, disrupt our operations; damage our reputation and decrease our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online; impact our ability to attract and retain customers; violate applicable laws, regulations, orders and agreements; and subject us to additional costs and liabilities which could be material.
failure to operate information systems and to implement new technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.
we rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, telecommunications systems, hardware, software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores and our e-commerce sites; to manage our customer, vendor and associate data; to enable effective communication systems; to source, plan and track inventory; to manage logistics; to generate performance and financial reports; to comply with regulatory requirements and to otherwise operate our e-commerce sites. we are dependent on the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems and related back-up systems. supporting these internal and external systems requires a number of resources, including effective and qualified, and in some cases, specialized, teams. as we grow and as our systems evolve, we must continue to hire, train, manage and retain these teams, including those needed to support our customized and legacy systems in an effective way. our information systems, and the third-party systems we rely on, may be subjected to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; system failures; cyberattacks (including malware, ransomware and phishing attacks) and devices to tamper with our payment or other systems (including skimmers and shimmers); catastrophic events; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third party service providers on which we rely. although we have taken steps designed to reduce the risk of these events occurring, there can be no guarantee that we or a third party on
14
which we rely will not suffer one of these events. our approach to disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be adequate and any compromises, interruptions or shutdowns of our systems, including those managed and/or operated by third parties, whether intentional or inadvertent, could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations, cause us to suffer reputational harm, or result in liability.
we modify, update, and replace our systems and infrastructure from time to time, including by adding new hardware, software and applications; maintaining, updating or replacing legacy programs; converting to global systems; integrating new service providers; adding enhanced or new functionality, such as cloud computing technologies and e-commerce solutions; and adding or integrating with new systems when we acquire new businesses. we also modify and update our procedures for, and add vendors and internal teams who assist us with, designing, implementing and maintaining our systems and infrastructure. there is a risk of business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with these actions, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented.
further, potential issues associated with implementing technology initiatives and the time and resources required in seeking to optimize the benefits of new elements of our systems and its infrastructure could reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. the efficient operation and successful growth of our business depends upon our information systems, including our ability to operate, maintain and develop them effectively. a failure of those systems could disrupt our business, subject us to liability, damage our reputation, or otherwise impact our financial results.
economic conditions, on a global level or in particular markets, may adversely affect our financial performance.
global financial markets can experience volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which could adversely affect global economic conditions. turmoil in the financial and credit markets or other changes in economic conditions could adversely affect sources of liquidity available to us or our costs of capital and could adversely affect plan asset values and investment performance, and increase our pension liabilities, expenses and funding requirements and other related financial exposure with respect to company-sponsored and multiemployer pension plans. our strategies for managing these financial risks and exposures may not be effective or sufficient. economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, including unemployment; decreased disposable income and actual and perceived wealth; energy and health care costs; costs of oil, gas and other commodities; interest and tax rates and policies; weakness in the housing market; volatility in capital markets; decreased credit availability; inflation and deflation, as well as political or other factors beyond our control such as threats or possibilities of war, terrorism, global or national unrest; actual or threatened epidemics; geopolitical instability or uncertainty; and regulatory volatility or uncertainty, including in areas like international trade (for example, discussions regarding brexit) may also have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending that would, in turn, affect retail sales. these conditions and factors could adversely affect discretionary consumer spending and, although we believe our flexible off-price model helps us react, they may adversely affect our sales, cash flows and results of operations and performance.
adverse or unseasonable weather in the markets in which our stores operate or along our supply chain could adversely affect our operating results.
both adverse and unseasonable weather, such as storms, severe cold or heat or unseasonable temperatures (even if not extreme) may affect customers' buying patterns and willingness to shop certain categories we offer or at all, and accordingly, can adversely affect the demand for the merchandise in our stores, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise. as discussed further below, adverse weather can also affect the efficient or timely transportation of merchandise to our distribution and shipping centers, stores and e-commerce customers or elsewhere along our supply chain, and may impact transportation to or from our stores and other facilities. as a result, adverse or unseasonable weather could adversely affect our sales, increase markdowns, impact customer satisfaction and adversely affect our operating results.
15
our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic events.
natural or other disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other extreme weather; climate conditions; unforeseen public health issues, such as pandemics and epidemics; or fires, explosions and acts of war or terrorism could disrupt our operations in a number of ways, including severely damaging or destroying one or more of our stores, distribution facilities or data centers, or could disrupt the operations of one or more of our vendors or other parts of our supply chain located in the affected areas. day-to-day operations, including our ability to receive products from our vendors or transport products to our stores or to our e-commerce customers could be adversely affected, transportation to and from our stores (by customers or associates) could be limited, or we could be required to close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or in areas served by affected distribution centers for a short or extended period of time, as we did in areas of the u.s., including puerto rico, after severe hurricanes during fiscal 2018. as a result, our business could be adversely affected.
damage to our corporate reputation or those of our retail banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results.
we believe that building the brand reputation of our company and our retail banners is important to our continuing success. in the many different markets in which we do business, we work to build relationships with our customers through our various marketing campaigns and other activities. these relationships and our reputation are based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities. incidents involving us, our retail banners, our executives or other associates, our policies and practices, the merchandise and brands (including our licensed or owned brands) that we carry or our industry more generally that erode trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and our business, particularly if the incidents result in rapid or significant adverse publicity or governmental inquiry. information about us, our retail banners, our executives and other associates, our policies and practices, our third party providers, and the merchandise and brands we sell, including our licensed or owned brands, that is publicized through traditional or digital media platforms and similar venues, including blogs, websites, and other forums for rapid, broad communications to an audience of consumers and other interested persons, may adversely affect our reputation and brand, even if the information is inaccurate, incomplete or unverified. the reputation of our company and our retail banners may be damaged in all, one or some of the markets in which we do business, by adverse events at the corporate level or at our retail banners, or by an associate acting outside of company policies and practices. similarly, challenges or reactions to action (or inaction), perceived action (or inaction), by our company on issues like social policies, merchandising, compliance related to social, product, labor and environmental standards or other sensitive topics, and any perceived lack of transparency about such matters, could harm our reputation, particularly as expectations of companies and of companies' corporate responsibility may continue to change. damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales; affect our vendor relationships, business development opportunities and associate retention; divert attention and resources from management, including to respond to inquiries or additional regulatory scrutiny; and otherwise adversely affect our results.
quality, safety or other issues with merchandise we sell could damage our reputation, sales and financial results.
various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we sell to consumers. regulations and standards in this area, including those related to the u.s. consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 and the u.s. food safety modernization act, state regulations like california's proposition 65, and similar legislation in other countries in which we operate, impose restrictions and requirements on the merchandise we sell in our stores and through e-commerce. these regulations change from time to time and new federal, state, provincial or local regulations in the u.s. and other countries that may affect our business are contemplated and enacted with some regularity. if we or our merchandise vendors are unable to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to existing or new merchandise categories or in new geographies, we could incur significant fines or penalties or we could have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. we rely on our vendors to
16
provide quality merchandise that complies with applicable product safety laws, labeling requirements and other applicable laws, but they may not comply with their obligations to do so. although our arrangements with our vendors frequently provide for indemnification for product liabilities, the vendors may fail to honor those obligations to an extent we consider sufficient or at all. concerns or issues with the quality and safety of merchandise raised publicly, particularly with products subject to increased levels of regulation, or the genuineness of merchandise, regardless of whether verified or our fault, could cause damage to our reputation and could result in lost sales, uninsured claims or losses, merchandise recalls and increased costs, and regulatory, civil or criminal fines or penalties, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
failure to comply with laws, rules, regulations and orders and applicable accounting principles and interpretations could negatively affect our business operations and financial performance.
we are subject to federal, state, provincial, regional and local laws, rules and regulations as well as government orders in various countries in which we operate. these legal, regulatory and administrative requirements collectively affect multiple aspects of our business, including the cost of providing health care and retirement benefits, workforce management, logistics, marketing, import/export, sourcing and manufacturing, tax, data protection and others. if we, or third parties that perform services on our behalf, fail to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders, we may be subject to judgments, fines or other costs or penalties, which could adversely affect our operations and our financial results and condition.
complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations and our own internal policies may also require us to spend additional time and resources to implement new procedures and financial and other controls, conduct audits, train associates and third parties on our compliance methods or take other actions, particularly as we continue to grow globally and enter new markets or countries, any of which could adversely impact our results.
we must also comply with new and changing laws, rules and regulations, evolving interpretation of existing laws by judicial and regulatory authorities, and reforms in jurisdictions where we do business. these changes could increase our costs of compliance or of doing business and could adversely affect our operating results, including such changes involving:
—   labor and employment practices and benefits, including regarding labor unions and works councils;
—   health and welfare and financial regulations;
—   consumer protection and product safety;
—   data protection and privacy, such as to comply with, or fines and penalties related to, the general data protection regulation in europe;
—   climate change, supply chain, energy and waste;
—   internet regulations, including e-commerce, electronic communications and privacy; and
—   protection of third party intellectual property rights.
particularly in a dynamic regulatory environment, anticipated changes to laws and regulations may require us to invest in compliance efforts before changes are certain.
further, applicable accounting principles and interpretations may change from time to time, and the changes could have material effects on our future or previously reported financial results.
our expanding international operations expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries.
we have a significant retail presence in canada and in countries in europe and operate buying offices around the world. we have expanded our operations into australia and our goal is to continue to expand our operations into other countries in the future. it can be costly and complex to establish, develop and maintain international operations and promote business in new international jurisdictions, which may differ significantly from other countries in which we currently operate.
17
in addition to facing risks similar to our u.s. and current international operations, such as with regulations like the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, there are additional risks inherent in opening and developing operations in new countries. these additional risks include, among others, understanding the local retail climate and trends, local customs and cultures, seasonal differences, business practices and competitive conditions; complying with relevant laws, rules and regulations; developing the appropriate infrastructure; identifying suitable partners for local operations and for integration with our global operations and effectively communicating and implementing company policies and practices in new, possibly remote jurisdictions. there are also financial, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations, including currency exchange fluctuations; potentially adverse tax consequences; limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds outside of the country where earned; trade regulations; the risk of sudden policy or regulatory changes; the risk of political, economic and civil instability and labor unrest; and uncertainties regarding interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and agreements. any of these risks could adversely impact our operations, profitability or liquidity.
we are subject to risks associated with sourcing merchandise from other countries and moving merchandise internationally.
many of the products sold in our stores are sourced by our vendors and, to a lesser extent, by us, in many locations outside of the country where the particular store is located, particularly southeastern asia. where we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements, including those similar to requirements imposed upon the manufacturer of such products. more generally, we are subject to various risks of sourcing merchandise from other countries, including moving merchandise internationally, such as:
—   potential disruptions in manufacturing and supply;
—   changes in duties, tariffs, trade restrictions, sanctions, quotas and voluntary export restrictions on imported merchandise, including, for example, new potential tariffs and border adjustment taxes, changes to the north american free trade agreement or changes resulting from brexit;
—   transport capacity and costs;
—   information technology challenges;
—   problems in third-party distribution and warehousing, logistics, transportation and other supply chain interruptions;
—   strikes, threats of strikes and other events affecting delivery;
—   consumer perceptions of the safety or quality of imported merchandise;
—   product and international trade compliance with laws and regulations of the destination country;
—   compliance with laws and regulations including changing labor, environmental, international trade and other laws in those countries and those concerning ethical business practices, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act;
—   product liability claims from customers or penalties from government agencies relating to products that are recalled, defective or otherwise noncompliant or alleged to be harmful;
—   intellectual property enforcement and infringement issues;
—   concerns about human rights, working conditions and other labor rights and conditions in countries where merchandise is produced;
—   concerns about transparent sourcing and supply chains;
—   currency exchange rates, financial or economic instability; and
—   political or other disruptions in countries from, to or through which merchandise is imported.
these and other factors relating to international trade and imported merchandise beyond our control could affect the availability and the price of our inventory and our operating costs. furthermore, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to
18
international operations and importing merchandise, there can be no assurance that our associates and our contractors, agents, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could subject us to liability and could adversely affect our reputation, operations or operating results.
our results may be adversely affected by reduced availability of, or increases in, the price of oil or other fuels, increased costs of other commodities, or other increases in utility, transportation or logistics costs.
energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline. an increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products from suppliers. although we typically enter into derivative instruments designed to manage a portion of our transportation costs (a hedging strategy), any such strategy may not be effective or sufficient and could result in increased operating costs. increased regulation related to environmental costs, including cap and trade, carbon taxes or other emissions management systems could also adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility, transportation and logistics costs, as could other shortages or disruptions impacting transportation. for example, at the end of fiscal 2018, increased freight cost related to labor and equipment shortages, as well as other factors, had an impact on our margins. similarly, other commodity prices can fluctuate dramatically. such increases can increase the cost of merchandise, which could adversely affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer demand or reduced margins.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and earnings.
sales made by our stores outside the united states are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and changes in currency exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these businesses into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. because of this, movements in currency exchange rates have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our consolidated and segment results from time to time. changes in currency exchange rates can also increase the cost of inventory purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the business buying the merchandise. when exchange rates change significantly in a short period or move unfavorably over an extended period, as in recent years, it can be difficult for us to adjust retail prices accordingly, and gross margin can be adversely affected. in addition, a significant amount of merchandise we offer for sale is made in china and accordingly, a revaluation of chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative to the u.s. dollar or currencies in which our stores are located, could be significant.
additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related derivative instruments (a hedging strategy) to mitigate the impact of currency exchange rates on merchandise margins of merchandise purchases by our segments denominated in currencies other than their local currencies. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate the fair value of these derivative instruments and make mark-to-market adjustments at the end of each accounting period. these adjustments are of a much greater magnitude when there is significant volatility in currency exchange rates and may have a significant impact on our earnings.
although we implement foreign currency hedging and risk management strategies to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in earnings and cash flows associated with changes in currency exchange rates, we expect that currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations from time to time. in addition, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may have a greater impact on our earnings and operating results if a counterparty to one of our hedging arrangements fails to perform.
our quarterly operating results fluctuate and may fall short of prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could adversely affect our stock price.
our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter at points in the past, and they may do so in the future. if we fail to increase our results over prior periods, to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decline, and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. results may be affected by various factors,
19
including those described in these risk factors. we maintain a forecasting process that seeks to plan sales and align expenses. if we do not control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results, or if actual results differ significantly from our forecast, our financial performance could be adversely affected. in addition, if we do not repurchase the number of shares we contemplated pursuant to our stock repurchase programs, our earnings per share may be adversely affected.
if we engage in mergers or acquisitions or investments in new businesses, or divest, close or consolidate any of our current businesses, our business will be subject to additional risks.
we may acquire new businesses (as we did with trade secret in fiscal 2016 and stp in fiscal 2013), invest in or enter into joint ventures with other businesses, develop new businesses internally (as with homesense, our new u.s. home store concept) and divest, close or consolidate businesses. failure to execute on mergers, acquisitions, investments, divestitures, closings and consolidations in a satisfactory manner could adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. acquisition, investment or divestiture activities may divert attention of management from operating the existing businesses, and we may not effectively evaluate target companies, investments or investment partners or assess the risks, benefits and cost of buying, investing in or closing businesses or of the integration of acquired businesses, all of which can be difficult, time-consuming and dilutive. these activities may not meet our performance and other expectations and may expose us to unexpected or greater-than-expected costs, liabilities and risks. in addition, we recorded intangible assets and goodwill and the value of the tradenames in connection with our acquisitions of trade secret and stp and may similarly do so in the future in connection with other acquisitions. if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, we may be required to impair some or all of the goodwill associated with an acquisition, which would adversely impact our results of operations and balance sheet, such as with the impairment charge related to stp taken during fiscal 2018. divestitures, closings and consolidations could involve risks such as significant costs and obligations of closure, including exposure on leases, owned real estate and other contractual, employment, pension and severance obligations, and potential liabilities that may arise under law as a result of the disposition or the subsequent failure of an acquirer.
our results may be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters.
we are involved, or may in the future become involved, in legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, audits and other legal matters. these may involve inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and other proceedings by local, provincial, state and federal governmental entities (in the united states and other countries) and private plaintiffs, including with respect to employment and employee benefits including classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour and retaliation; whistle blower claims; tax; securities; disclosure; real estate; environmental matters; tort; business practices; consumer protection; privacy/data security; product safety and compliance; advertising; and intellectual property. there continue to be employment-related and consumer protection lawsuits, including putative class actions, in the united states, and we are subject to these types of suits. we cannot predict the results of legal and regulatory proceedings with certainty, and actual results may differ from any reserves we establish estimating the probable outcome. regardless of merit or outcome, litigation can be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. legal and regulatory proceedings and investigations could expose us to significant defense costs, fines, penalties and liability to private parties and governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts and attorneys' fees and/or require us to change aspects of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our effective income tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors including the results of tax audits and examinations, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory income tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory income tax rates,
20
changes in income tax rates, changes in transfer pricing, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in applicable tax legislation, regulations and treaties, exposure to additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision and accruals for taxes, and actual results may differ from our estimations.
in december 2017, the u.s. tax cut and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 tax act") significantly revised the current federal income tax code with significant changes to corporate taxation, including reducing the corporate tax rate, limiting certain tax deductions, revising the treatment of foreign earnings for u.s. federal income tax purposes and modifying or repealing many business deductions and credits. while the 2017 tax act reduces the federal income tax rate for corporations, it could negatively affect our business and financial condition. many aspects of the new tax law are uncertain. significant judgements will need to be made in the interpretation of various provisions, and u.s. regulators could interpret or issue guidance that is different from our interpretation. in addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the newly enacted federal tax law, which could also impact our tax obligations.
in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, provincial and local tax authorities in the u.s. and foreign countries, and the examining authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various proceedings, which are at various stages, with such authorities with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these proceedings to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of our provision for income taxes, and increase and decrease our provision as a result of these assessments. however, the developments in and actual results of proceedings or the result of rulings by or settlements with tax authorities and courts or due to changes in facts, law or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statutes of limitations or other resolutions of tax positions could differ from the amounts we have accrued for such proceedings in either a positive or a negative manner, which could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given financial period, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our results of operations. in addition, we are subject to tax audits and examinations for payroll, value added, sales-based and other taxes relating to our businesses.
as our business is subject to seasonal influences, a decrease in sales or margins, a severe disruption or other significant event that impacts our business during the second half of the year could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results.
our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally realize higher levels of sales and earnings in the second half of the year, which includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons. any decrease in sales or margins or any significant adverse event during this period including those described in the factors in this section, could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations.
our real estate leases generally obligate us for long periods, which subjects us to financial risks.
we lease virtually all of our store locations and either own or lease for long periods our primary distribution centers and administrative offices. accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate, which can adversely affect our results. while we have the right to terminate some of our leases under specified conditions, including by making specified payments, we may not be able to terminate a particular lease if or when we would like to do so. if we decide to close stores, we are generally required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally include, among other things, paying rent and operating expenses for the balance of the lease term, or paying to exercise rights to terminate, and the performance of any of these obligations may be expensive. when we assign leases or sublease space to third parties, or if we sell a business, we can remain liable on the lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform (as was the case with some of our former operations). in addition, when the lease term for the stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to close stores or to relocate stores within a market on less favorable terms.
21
failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results.
risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail apparel and home fashion businesses. loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or third parties. our inability to effectively combat and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to effectively reduce the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our financial performance.
we depend upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, growth, stock repurchases and dividends and interest and debt repayment.
our business depends upon our operations to continue to generate strong cash flow to supply capital to support our general operating activities, to fund our growth and our return of cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs and dividends, and to pay our interest and debt repayments. our inability to continue to generate sufficient cash flows to support these activities or to repatriate cash from our international operations in a manner that is cost effective could adversely affect our growth plans and financial performance including our earnings per share. we borrow on occasion to finance our activities and if financing were not available to us in adequate amounts and on appropriate terms when needed, it could also adversely affect our financial performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations tjx provides projections and other forward-looking statements in the following discussions particularly relating to the company's future financial performance. these forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to the company, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, and subject to the cautionary statements set forth on page 2 of this form 10-k. the company's results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part i, item 1a, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission. tjx undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
the discussion that follows relates to our 53-week fiscal year ended february 3, 2018 (fiscal 2018) and our 52-week fiscal years ended january 28, 2017 (fiscal 2017) and january 30, 2016 (fiscal 2016).
overview we are the leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the u.s. and worldwide. we sell a rapidly changing assortment of apparel, home fashions and other merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers' (including department, specialty, and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day. we operate over 4,000 stores through our four main segments: in the u.s., marmaxx
26
(which operates t.j. maxx, marshalls and tjmaxx.com) and homegoods (which operates homegoods and homesense); tjx canada (which operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada); and tjx international (which operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe, and t.k. maxx in australia). we also operate sierra trading post ("stp"), an off-price internet retailer that operates sierratradingpost.com and retail stores in the u.s. the results of stp are reported in our marmaxx segment.
during the fourth quarter, the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 referred to as "tax reform" or the "2017 tax act" was enacted. the 2017 tax act, along with the related reinvestments made by the company, had a significant impact on our fiscal 2018 results (see "tax cuts and jobs act of 2017" below).
highlights of our financial performance for fiscal 2018 include the following:
—   net sales increased to $35.9 billion for fiscal 2018, up 8% over the same period last year. the 53rd week in fiscal 2018 increased net sales by 2%. at february 3, 2018, the number of stores in operation increased 7% and selling square footage increased 4% over the end of fiscal 2017.
—     comp sales on a 52-week basis increased 2% in fiscal 2018 over an increase of 5% in fiscal 2017 and an increase of 5% in fiscal 2016. the fiscal 2018 increase was driven primarily by an increase in customer traffic at each of our four segments.
—                                                                               diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2018 were $4.04 compared to $3.46 per share in fiscal 2017. fiscal 2018 earnings per share includes a $0.17 net benefit from tax reform along with the related investments made by the company, an $0.11 benefit from the 53rd week in the company's fiscal 2018 calendar partially offset by a $0.10 impairment charge related to stp. fiscal 2017 earnings per share includes a $0.07 reduction due to a loss on the early extinguishment of debt and a pension settlement charge during the third quarter.
—                                                                             our fiscal 2018 pre-tax margin (the ratio of pre-tax income to net sales) was
10.8%, a 0.4 percentage point decrease compared to 11.2% in fiscal 2017. the impairment charge relating to stp and the cost of incremental investments we made in connection with the 2017 tax act collectively reduced pre-tax margin by 0.6 percentage points while the 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar lifted pretax margin by approximately 0.1 percentage point. fiscal 2017 pre-tax margin was reduced by 0.3 percentage points due to the two third quarter charges referred to above.
—                                                our cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, ratio for fiscal 2018 was 71.1%, a 0.1 percentage point increase compared to 71.0% in fiscal 2017. this increase was driven by higher supply chain costs partially offset by the favorable impact of mark-to-market of inventory derivatives and a benefit from the 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar. merchandise margins were flat compared to fiscal 2017.
—                                                our selling, general and administrative ("sg&amp;a") expense ratio for fiscal 2018 was 17.8%, a 0.4 percentage point increase from 17.4% in fiscal
2017. the incremental investments described below related to the 2017 tax act increased the fiscal 2018 expense ratio by 0.3 percentage points. the remaining increase is primarily due to higher store payroll costs due to wage increases.
—   our consolidated average per store inventories, including inventory on hand at our distribution centers (which excludes inventory in transit) and excluding our e-commerce businesses, increased 6% on a reported basis and increased 4% on a constant currency basis at the end of fiscal 2018 as compared to the prior year.
—                                                                     during fiscal 2018, we repurchased 22.3 million shares of our common stock for $1.7 billion, on a "trade date basis". earnings per share reflect the benefit of the stock repurchase program. with $1.1 billion remaining under previously announced stock repurchase programs, our board of directors approved our 19th stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to an additional $3.0 billion.
27
the following is a discussion of our consolidated operating results, followed by a discussion of our segment operating results.
tax cuts and jobs act of 2017: on december 22, 2017, the 2017 tax act was enacted into law which, among other things, includes a one-time mandatory transition tax on accumulated foreign undistributed earnings and a reduction of the u.s. corporate income tax rate to 21 percent, effective january 1, 2018. the change in the u.s. income tax rate also requires us to revalue our deferred tax assets and liabilities. although we are still evaluating the impact of the 2017 tax act on tjx, the company has estimated the impact of the 2017 tax act which resulted in a reduction of the full year tax provision. the company has reinvested a portion of these tax benefits by approving a discretionary bonus to eligible non-bonus plan associates globally, providing an incremental contribution to the company's defined contribution retirement plans for eligible associates in the u.s. and internationally, as well as making contributions to the company's charitable foundations, collectively referred to as "incremental investments related to the 2017 tax act." the tax benefits recognized due to the 2017 tax act, offset by the after-tax impact of incremental investments we made related to the 2017 tax act, resulted in a net benefit to net income of $0.17 per share for the fiscal 2018 fourth quarter and full year.
net sales: consolidated net sales for fiscal 2018 totaled $35.9 billion, an 8% increase over $33.2 billion in fiscal 2017. the increase reflected a 4% increase from new stores, a 2% increase from comp sales, and a 2% increase from the impact of the 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar. foreign currency had a neutral impact in fiscal 2018. net sales from our e-commerce businesses amounted to approximately 2% of total sales and had an immaterial impact on fiscal 2018 sales growth. consolidated net sales for fiscal 2017 totaled $33.2 billion, a 7% increase over $30.9 billion in fiscal 2016. the increase reflected a 5% increase from comp sales and a 4% increase from new stores, offset by a 2% negative impact from foreign currency exchange rates.
comparable store sales: we define comparable store sales ("comp sales"), formerly referred to as same-store sales, to be sales of stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years, or in other words, stores that are starting their third fiscal year of operation. we calculate comp sales on a 52-week basis by comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. relocated stores and stores that have changed in size are generally classified in the same way as the original store, and we believe that the impact of these stores on the consolidated comp percentage is immaterial.
we define customer traffic to be the number of transactions in stores included in the comp sales calculation and average ticket to be the average retail price of the units sold. we define average transaction or average basket to be the average dollar value of transactions included in the comp sales calculation.
sales excluded from comp sales ("non-comp sales") consists of:
—   new stores- stores that have not yet met the comp sales criteria
—   stores that are closed permanently or for an extended period of time
—   sales from our e-commerce businesses, meaning sierra trading post (including stores), tjmaxx.com and tkmaxx.com we determine which stores are included in the comp sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year and the classification remains constant throughout that year unless a store is closed permanently or for an extended period during that fiscal year. in the third quarter of fiscal 2018, 37 stores were significantly impacted by hurricanes, mostly in puerto rico, and were excluded from comp sales. these stores will be included in the comp sales measures once they again meet the comp sales criteria.
comp sales of our foreign segments are calculated by translating the current year's comp sales of our foreign segments at the same exchange rates used in the prior year. this removes the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, which we believe is a more accurate measure of segment operating performance.
comp sales may be referred to as "same store" sales by other retail companies. the method for calculating comp sales varies across the retail industry, therefore our measure of comp sales may not be comparable to other retail companies.
28
comp sales increases across all of our four segments for fiscal 2018 were primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. we also had an increase in the number of units sold, which was more than offset by a reduction in the average ticket. in fiscal 2018, home fashions and apparel both grew, with home fashions performing better than apparel. geographically, in the u.s., the southeast and the southwest regions reported the highest comp sales increase, and the northeast was below the consolidated average. in canada, comp sales increases were well above the consolidated average and tjx international was at the consolidated average.
comp sales increases in the u.s. for fiscal 2017 were primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. we also had an increase in units sold, which was largely offset by a reduction in the average ticket. in fiscal 2017, home fashions performed better than apparel, but both recorded comp sales growth. geographically, in the u.s., sales were strong in virtually all regions, with the southeast and the great lakes regions reporting the highest comp sales growth. in canada, comp sales increases were well above the consolidated average while tjx international was below the consolidated average.
the following table sets forth our consolidated operating results as a percentage of net sales:
percentage of net sales fiscal year 2018                fiscal year 2017                fiscal year 2016
net sales                                                           100.0    %                      100.0    %                      100.0   %
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs                  71.1                            71.0                            71.2
selling, general and administrative expenses                         17.8                            17.4                            16.8
impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets                    0.3                               —                               —
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                    —                             0.2                               —
pension settlement charge                                               —                             0.1                               —
interest expense, net                                                 0.1                             0.1                             0.1
income before provision for income taxes*                            10.8    %                       11.2    %                       11.8   %
diluted earnings per share                                          $4.04                           $3.46                           $3.33
*   figures may not foot due to rounding.
impact of foreign currency exchange rates: our operating results are affected by foreign currency exchange rates as a result of changes in the value of the u.s. dollar or a division's local currency in relation to other currencies. two ways in which foreign currency exchange rates affect our reported results are as follows:
—                                                   translation of foreign operating results into u.s. dollars: in our financial statements, we translate the operations of tjx canada and tjx international from local currencies into u.s. dollars using currency rates in effect at different points in time. significant changes in foreign exchange rates between comparable prior periods can result in meaningful variations in consolidated net sales, net income and earnings per share growth as well as the net sales and operating results of these segments. currency translation generally does not affect operating margins, or affects them only slightly, as sales and expenses of the foreign operations are translated at approximately the same rates within a given period.
—                                                                                                                              inventory-related derivatives: we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases denominated in currencies other than the local currencies of our divisions, principally tjx canada and tjx international. as we have not elected "hedge accounting" for these instruments as defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we record a mark-to-market gain or loss on the derivative instruments in our results of operations at the end of each reporting period. in subsequent periods, the income statement impact of the mark-to-market adjustment is effectively offset when the inventory being hedged is received and paid for. while these effects occur every reporting period, they are of much greater magnitude when there are sudden and significant changes in currency exchange rates during a short period of time. the mark-to-market adjustment on these derivatives does not affect net sales, but it does affect the cost of sales, operating margins and earnings we report.
we refer to the impact of the above two items throughout our discussion as "foreign currency." this does not include the impact currency exchange rates can have on various transactions that are denominated in a
29
currency other than an operating division's local currency. when discussing the impact on our results of the effect of currency exchange rates on such transactions we refer to it as "transactional foreign exchange."
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs: cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, as a percentage of net sales was 71.1% in fiscal 2018 compared to 71.0% in fiscal 2017 and 71.2% in fiscal 2016. the increase in this expense ratio during fiscal 2018 was driven by higher supply chain costs as we continue to invest and open new distribution centers. this was offset by the favorable impact of mark-to-market of inventory derivatives that benefitted expense ratio by approximately 0.1 percentage point as well as an estimated 0.1 percentage point benefit from the 53rd week in the company's fiscal 2018 calendar. merchandise margin was flat to fiscal 2017.
the improvement in the fiscal 2017 expense ratio was driven by an increase in our merchandise margin along with leverage on buying and occupancy costs as a result of the 5% comp sales increase. together these two items benefitted the fiscal 2017 expense ratio by approximately 0.5 percentage points. merchandise margin improved despite the continued pressure transactional foreign exchange had on the cost of merchandise at our foreign segments this year versus the prior year. although not as significant as in fiscal 2016, the change in exchange rates continued to impact the cost of merchandise that was denominated in currencies other than our foreign segments' local currency, primarily the u.s. dollar. these improvements were partially offset by higher supply chain costs and the negative impact of the mark-to-market of inventory derivatives.
sg&a: sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 17.8% in fiscal 2018, 17.4% in fiscal 2017 and 16.8% in fiscal 2016. the fiscal 2018 expense ratio increased by 0.3 percentage points due to the incremental investments related to the 2017 tax act. the remaining increase in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to higher employee payroll costs due to wage increases.
the increase in this ratio in fiscal 2017 was primarily due to a combination of higher employee payroll costs, due to wage increases and investments to support our growth and supply chain costs, partially offset by the favorable impact of reduced contributions to the tjx charitable foundations in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets, related to stp: our fiscal 2018 results included a $99.3 million impairment charge, primarily related to goodwill, as the estimated fair value of stp fell below the carrying value due to a decrease in projected revenue growth rates. the impairment charge is included in the marmaxx segment. as we continue transitioning this business to an off-price model, we saw improvement in the top line during the second half of fiscal 2018. we remain confident in the potential of stp and believe we are positioned for successful growth going forward.
loss on early extinguishment of debt: during the fiscal 2017 third quarter, we issued $1.0 billion of 2.25% ten-year notes. we used a portion of the proceeds to redeem our $375 million 6.95% notes on october 12, 2016, prior to their scheduled maturity of april 15, 2019 and we recorded a pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $51.8 million.
pension settlement charge: during the fiscal 2017 third quarter, we offered eligible former tjx associates, who had not yet commenced receiving their qualified pension plan benefit, an opportunity to receive a lump sum payout of their vested pension benefit. as a result, tjx's qualified pension plan paid $103.2 million from pension plan assets to those who accepted this offer. this transaction had no cash impact on tjx, but did result in a non-cash pre-tax settlement charge of $31.2 million.
interest expense, net: the components of interest expense, net for the last three fiscal years are summarized below:
fiscal year ended dollars in thousands    february 3,               january 28,               january 30,
2018                      2017                      2016
interest expense        $69,237                   $69,219                   $68,253
capitalized interest             (4,942   )                (7,548   )                (7,984   )
interest (income)               (32,707   )               (18,137   )               (13,869   )
interest expense, net   $31,588                   $43,534                   $46,400
30
the decrease in interest expense, net for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was driven by additional interest income, primarily due to an increase in invested balances and higher return rates.
income taxes: our effective annual income tax rate was 32.4% in fiscal 2018, 38.3% in fiscal 2017 and 37.7% in fiscal 2016. the decrease in the effective income tax rate in fiscal 2018 was primarily due to the favorable effect of the 2017 tax act, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation attributable to the adoption of asu 2016-09- compensation- stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, and the jurisdictional mix of income. the increase in the fiscal 2017 income tax rate was due to the jurisdictional mix of income and the valuation allowance on foreign net operating losses. in addition, the fiscal 2016 effective income tax rates benefitted from a reduction in our reserve for uncertain tax positions related to our adoption of the new tangible property regulations.
the 2017 tax act made broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code which impacted fiscal 2018 including, but not limited to, reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% and requiring a one-time transition tax on certain undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the provisional tax benefit of the 2017 tax act is based on currently available information and interpretations, which are continuing to evolve. we will continue to analyze additional information and guidance related to the 2017 tax act as supplemental legislation, regulatory guidance, or evolving technical interpretations become available. the final impacts may differ from the recorded amounts as of february 3, 2018, and we will continue to refine such amounts within the measurement period provided by staff accounting bulletin no. 118. we expect to complete our analysis no later than the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019.
net income and diluted earnings per share: net income was $2.6 billion in fiscal 2018 compared to $2.3 billion in both fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016. diluted earnings per share were $4.04 in fiscal 2018, $3.46 in fiscal 2017 and $3.33 in fiscal 2016. the tax benefits recognized due to the 2017 tax act, offset by the after-tax impact of the incremental investments related to the 2017 tax act, resulted in a net benefit to diluted earnings per share of $0.17 per share. the impairment charge related to stp reduced fiscal 2018 diluted earnings per share by $0.10 per share while the 53rd week in the fiscal 2018 calendar provided a benefit of approximately $0.11 per share. foreign currency exchange rates had a $0.02 positive impact on earnings per share in fiscal 2018 when compared to fiscal 2017, and a $0.07 negative impact in fiscal 2017 when compared to fiscal 2016. during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, we incurred charges from the loss on early extinguishment of debt and the pension settlement, collectively reducing fiscal 2017 net income by $50 million, or $0.07 per share.
our stock repurchase programs, which reduce our weighted average diluted shares outstanding, benefited our earnings per share growth by approximately 3% in each fiscal year presented. we repurchased 22.3 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.7 billion in both fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017, and 26.5 million shares of our stock at a cost of $1.8 billion in fiscal 2016.
segment information: we operate four main business segments. our marmaxx segment (t.j. maxx, marshalls and tjmaxx.com) and the homegoods segment (homegoods and homesense) both operate in the united states. our tjx canada segment operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada, and our tjx international segment operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe and t.k. maxx in australia. we also operate stp, an off-price internet retailer that operates sierratradingpost.com and retail stores in the u.s. the results of stp have been included in our marmaxx segment.
we evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt, the pension settlement charge and interest expense, net. "segment profit or loss," as we define the term, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. the terms "segment margin" or "segment profit margin" are used to describe segment profit or loss as a percentage of net sales. these measures of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of our performance or as a measure of liquidity.
31
presented below is selected financial information related to our business segments:
u.s. segments:
marmaxx fiscal year ended dollars in millions                                         february 3,              january 28,              january 30,
2018                     2017                     2016
net sales                                                     $22,249.1                $21,246.0                $19,948.2
segment profit                                                 $2,949.4                 $2,995.0                 $2,858.8
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                        13.3   %                 14.1   %                 14.3   %
increase in comp sales                                                1   %                    5   %                    4   %
stores in operation at end of period t.j. maxx                                                         1,223                    1,186                    1,156
marshalls                                                         1,062                    1,035                    1,007
stp                                                                  27                       12                        8
total                                                             2,312                    2,233                    2,171
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
t.j. maxx                                                        27,077                   26,614                   26,158
marshalls                                                        24,916                   24,750                   24,308
stp                                                                 470                      227                      159
total                                                            52,463                   51,591                   50,625
net sales for marmaxx increased 5% in fiscal 2018 on top of a 7% increase in fiscal 2017. the increase reflects a 2% increase from new store sales, a 2% increase from the 53rd week and a 1% increase from comp sales. the comp sales increase of 1% in fiscal 2018 is on top of a 5% increase in the prior year. comp sales growth at marmaxx for fiscal 2018 was due to a 3% increase in customer traffic on top of a 4% increase in customer traffic in fiscal 2017, which was offset by a decrease in the average basket. geographically, comp sales were strong throughout most of the country with the southeast and southwest regions particularly strong and the northeast was below the segment average. home fashions outperformed apparel for fiscal 2018, with apparel posting flat comp sales on top of strong comp sales in fiscal 2017. e-commerce sales represented approximately 2% of marmaxx's net sales.
segment margin decreased to 13.3% in fiscal 2018 compared to 14.1% in fiscal 2017. marmaxx results for fiscal 2018 reflect a 0.4 percentage point negative impact from the stp impairment charge. in addition, higher store payroll costs, primarily due to wage increases, and higher distribution costs, primarily due to processing more units, collectively reduced segment margin by approximately 0.5 percentage points. the fiscal 2018 segment margin was also negatively impacted by expense deleverage on the 1% comp sales but was favorably impacted by approximately 0.1 percentage point due to the 53rd week. merchandise margin was flat for fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017. tjmaxx.com and stp, excluding the impairment charge, did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons.
segment margin in fiscal 2017 was 14.1% compared to 14.3% in fiscal 2016. marmaxx results for fiscal 2017 reflect an increase in merchandise margin and buying and occupancy expense leverage, on comp sales growth, of approximately 0.7 percentage points. however, these gains were more than offset by higher store payroll costs, primarily due to wage increases and processing more units at the store level, higher distribution costs, as well as an increase in credit card chargeback costs. tjmaxx.com and stp did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons.
in fiscal 2019, we expect to open approximately 65 marmaxx stores, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%.
32
homegoods fiscal year ended dollars in millions                                         february 3,              january 28,              january 30,
2018                     2017                     2016
net sales                                                      $5,116.3                 $4,404.6                 $3,915.2
segment profit                                                   $674.5                   $613.8                   $549.3
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                        13.2   %                 13.9   %                 14.0   %
increase in comp sales                                                4   %                    6   %                    8   %
stores in operation at end of period homegoods                                                           667                      579                      526
homesense                                                             4                        —                        —
total                                                               671                      579                      526
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
homegoods                                                        12,448                   11,119                   10,234
homesense                                                            81                        —                        —
total                                                            12,529                   11,119                   10,234
homegoods' net sales increased 16% in fiscal 2018, on top of a 12% increase in fiscal 2017. the increase in fiscal 2018 reflected a 10% increase from new store sales, a 4% increase from comp sales and a 2% increase due to the 53rd week. the sales increase of 12% in fiscal 2017 reflected a 6% increase from new store sales and a 6% increase from comp sales. comp sales growth at homegoods for fiscal 2018 was due to a 4% increase in customer traffic on top of a 5% increase in customer traffic in fiscal 2017. comp sales growth in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was also due to an increase in units sold, which was partially offset by a decrease in the average ticket.
segment profit margin decreased to 13.2% for fiscal 2018 compared to 13.9% for fiscal 2017. the decrease in segment margin for fiscal 2018 includes a decline in merchandise margin of 0.5 percentage points, primarily as a result of increased freight costs. in addition, higher distribution center costs primarily due to opening a new distribution center, higher store payroll costs, primarily due to wage increases, as well as costs in connection with opening more stores as compared to fiscal 2017, including our first homesense stores, collectively reduced segment margin by approximately 0.8 percentage points. these costs were partially offset by expense leverage on comp sales growth as well as the benefit of the 53rd week which lifted segment margin by approximately 0.2 percentage points.
segment profit margin for fiscal 2017 was 13.9% compared to 14.0% for fiscal 2016. segment margin for fiscal 2017 was favorably impacted by an increase in merchandise margin and expense leverage, primarily occupancy costs, on strong comp sales growth. these increases in segment margin were more than offset by higher payroll costs related to wage increases, an increase in distribution costs, which includes the opening of a new distribution center in fiscal 2017, and an increase in credit card chargeback costs.
in fiscal 2019, we plan an increase of approximately 85 homegoods stores and 15 homesense stores, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 18%.
33
foreign segments:
tjx canada fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                   february 3,             january 28,             january 30,
2018                    2017                    2016
net sales                                                     $3,642.3                $3,171.1                $2,854.6
segment profit                                                  $530.1                  $413.4                  $375.3
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                       14.6   %                13.0   %                13.1   %
increase in comp sales                                               5   %                   8   %                  12   %
stores in operation at end of period winners                                                            264                     255                     245
homesense                                                          117                     106                     101
marshalls                                                           73                      57                      41
total                                                              454                     418                     387
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
winners                                                          5,780                   5,629                   5,470
homesense                                                        2,179                   1,984                   1,900
marshalls                                                        1,621                   1,307                     975
total                                                            9,580                   8,920                   8,345
net sales for tjx canada increased 15% in fiscal 2018, on top of an 11% increase in fiscal 2017. the increase in sales for fiscal 2018 reflected comp sales growth of 5%, a 5% increase from new stores, 3% from the positive impact of foreign currency translation and a 2% impact of the 53rd week. the increase in sales for fiscal 2017 reflected comp sales growth of 8% and a 5% increase from new stores offset by 2% from the negative impact of foreign currency translation. the comp sales increases in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 were primarily due to an increase in customer traffic.
segment profit margin increased 1.6 percentage points to 14.6% in fiscal 2018 compared to 13.0% in fiscal 2017. the increase in segment margin was primarily due to the combination of an increase in merchandise margin of 0.6 percentage points, which benefitted from the year-over-year increase in the canadian dollar, and expense leverage on the strong comp sales. the increase in the segment margin also included a favorable impact of 0.3 percentage points due to foreign currency, primarily the mark-to-market impact of the inventory derivatives. the fiscal 2018 segment margin also benefitted from the 53rd week, which lifted the segment margin by approximately 0.1 percentage point.
segment profit margin decreased 0.1 percentage point to 13.0% in fiscal 2017. the decline in segment margin was driven by a decrease in merchandise margin and higher supply chain and distribution center costs, which included the opening of a new distribution center. the decline in merchandise margin was primarily due to transactional foreign exchange as the year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates increased tjx canada's cost of merchandise purchased in u.s. dollars. these declines in segment margin were largely offset by expense leverage, primarily buying and occupancy costs, on the comp sales growth, as well as the benefit of transactional foreign currency activity resulting in foreign currency gains in fiscal 2017 as compared to foreign currency losses in fiscal 2016. these foreign currency gains and losses result from the timing and settlement of payables denominated in currencies other than the canadian dollar.
in fiscal 2019, we plan an increase of approximately 30 stores in canada, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 6%.
34
tjx international fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                    february 3,              january 28,              january 30,
2018                     2017                     2016
net sales                                                      $4,856.9                 $4,362.0                 $4,226.9
segment profit                                                   $249.2                   $235.5                   $316.9
segment profit as a percentage of net sales                         5.1   %                  5.4   %                  7.5   %
increase in comp sales                                                2   %                    2   %                    4   %
stores in operation at end of period t.k. maxx                                                           540                      503                      456
homesense                                                            55                       44                       39
t.k. maxx australia                                                  38                       35                       35
total                                                               633                      582                      530
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands)
t.k. maxx                                                        11,379                   10,787                    9,970
homesense                                                           883                      714                      639
t.k. maxx australia                                                 714                      667                      667
total                                                            12,976                   12,168                   11,276
net sales for tjx international increased 11% in fiscal 2018 on top of a 3% increase in fiscal 2017. the increase in sales for fiscal 2018 reflected a 7% increase from new stores, comp sales growth of 2%, and a 2% benefit from the 53rd week. foreign currency translation had a neutral impact on fiscal 2018 sales growth. the increase in comp sales for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by an increase in customer traffic. e-commerce sales represent less than 3% of tjx international's net sales.
the increase in fiscal 2017 reflected a 12% increase from new store sales (which includes a full fiscal year of t.k. maxx in australia) and a 2% increase from comp sales, offset by the unfavorable impact from currency translation of 11%. the increase in comp sales for fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by an increase in customer traffic.
segment profit margin decreased to 5.1% for fiscal 2018 compared to 5.4% for fiscal 2017. the decline in segment margin was driven by higher supply chain costs associated with the opening of a new distribution center and higher store payroll, which collectively reduced segment margin by approximately 0.7 percentage points. segment margin was also negatively impacted by expense deleverage on the 2% comp sales growth. these declines in segment margin were partially offset by a favorable impact of 0.4 percentage points due to foreign currency, primarily the mark-to-market impact of the inventory derivatives as well as the benefit of the 53rd week, which lifted the segment margin by approximately 0.2 percentage points.
segment profit margin decreased 2.1% percentage points to 5.4% in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016. the inclusion of t.k. maxx in australia for the full year negatively impacted segment margin by 0.9 percentage points. in addition, fiscal 2017 segment margin was negatively affected by the unfavorable impact of the mark-to-market adjustment of inventory derivatives, higher store payroll costs and expense deleverage on the lower comp sales growth.
we expect to add approximately 35 stores to tjx international in fiscal 2019, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 5%.
general corporate expense:
fiscal year ended dollars in millions         february 3,             january 28,             january 30,
2018                    2017                    2016
general corporate expense   $515.0                  $408.2                  $395.6
35
general corporate expense for segment reporting purposes represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our business segments. general corporate expenses are primarily included in sg&a expenses. the mark-to-market adjustment of our fuel hedges is included in cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs.
the increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2018 was primarily driven by the incremental investments related to the 2017 tax act. these investments include a discretionary bonus to eligible non-bonus plan associates, additional retirement plan contributions and contributions to tjx's charitable foundations, which totaled $100 million in fiscal 2018.
the increase in general corporate expense for fiscal 2017 was primarily driven by incremental systems and technology costs as well as increases in compensation, benefits and professional services. these increases were partially offset by the impact of lower contributions to the tjx charitable foundations in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
liquidity and capital resources our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. as of february 3, 2018, there were no short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper outstanding.
we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities, described in note j – long term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements, are more than adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year.
as of february 3, 2018, tjx held $2.8 billion in cash and $0.5 billion in short-term investments. approximately $1.8 billion of our cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries with $398.6 million held in countries where we provisionally intend to indefinitely reinvest any undistributed earnings. tjx has provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in canada, puerto rico, italy, india, hong kong and vietnam through february 3, 2018. if we repatriate cash from such subsidiaries, we should not incur additional tax expense and our cash would be reduced by the amount of withholding taxes paid. we expect to repatriate more than $1 billion in cash from our subsidiary in canada during fiscal 2019. additionally, as part of the 2017 tax act we recorded a transition tax related to the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries of $193 million which is payable over 8 years.
operating activities: net cash provided by operating activities was $3.0 billion in fiscal 2018, $3.6 billion in fiscal 2017 and $3.0 billion in fiscal 2016. the cash generated from operating activities in each of these fiscal years was largely due to operating earnings.
operating cash flows for fiscal 2018 decreased by $0.6 billion compared to fiscal 2017. net income, adjusted for non-cash items increased operating cash flows in fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 by $0.3 billion. this increase in cash flows was more than offset by a $0.3 billion decrease in cash flows related to merchandise inventories, net of related accounts payable, a $0.3 billion decrease in cash flows related to accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and a $0.3 billion decrease in cash flows related to accrued expenses and other liabilities. merchandise inventories, net of related accounts payable increased in fiscal 2018 due in part to the lower inventory levels we carried at fiscal 2017 year end. the increase in accounts receivable was driven by credit card receivables. the increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets was primarily due to the prefunding of certain service contracts as well as the timing of rent payments which was impacted by the change in our fiscal year end dates. the change in accrued expenses and other liabilities was driven by a reduction in sales taxes and income taxes payable, primarily due to timing of payments and benefits associated with the 2017 tax act, as well as a contribution of $100 million to the company's defined benefit pension plan in fiscal 2018, as compared to $50 million last year.
operating cash flows for fiscal 2017 increased by $0.7 billion compared to fiscal 2016. net income, adjusted for non-cash items and the early extinguishment of debt, increased operating cash flows in fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016 by $0.1 billion. the remaining increase in operating cash flows was primarily due to a $0.3 billion increase in cash flows related to merchandise inventory, net of related accounts payable and a
36
$0.2 billion increase in cash flows related to accrued expenses and other liabilities. the positive cash flow impact from the change in inventory, net of related accounts payable in 2017 was due to lower inventory levels at fiscal 2017 year end and increased payments in fiscal 2016 due to merchandise received late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 that was paid for in fiscal 2016. the positive impact from accrued expenses and other liabilities was driven primarily by increased liabilities for deferred compensation, gift cards and deferred revenue, sales taxes and income taxes payable.
investing activities: net cash used in investing activities include capital expenditures for the last three fiscal years as set forth in the table below:
fiscal year ended in millions                            february 3,             january 28,             january 30,
2018                    2017                    2016
new stores                                  $226.0                  $191.2                  $199.1
store renovations and improvements           335.2                   274.8                   299.7
office and distribution centers              496.4                   558.7                   390.6
capital expenditures                      $1,057.6                $1,024.7                  $889.4
we expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 will be approximately $1.4 billion, including approximately $800 million for our offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and information systems) to support growth, approximately $400 million for store renovations and approximately $200 million for new stores. we plan to fund these expenditures through internally generated funds.
in fiscal 2018, we purchased $0.9 billion of investments, compared to $0.7 billion in fiscal 2017. additionally, $0.9 billion of investments were sold or matured during fiscal 2018 compared to $0.5 billion in the prior year. this activity primarily relates to short-term investments which had initial maturities in excess of 90 days and, per our policy, are not classified as cash on the consolidated balance sheets presented.
financing activities: net cash used in financing activities resulted in net cash outflows of $2.3 billion in fiscal 2018, $1.6 billion in fiscal 2017 and $2.2 billion in fiscal 2016. these cash outflows were primarily driven by debt transactions, equity repurchases and dividend payments.
debt during the fiscal 2017 third quarter we received net proceeds of $992.5 million from the issuance of $1 billion of 2.25% ten-year notes. a portion of the proceeds were used to redeem our $375 million 6.95% notes prior to their scheduled maturity. the redemption of the notes, including the prepayment penalty, resulted in cash outflows of $426 million. the remainder of the proceeds from the notes offering were used for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
for further information regarding debt, see note j – long term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity tjx repurchased and retired 22.3 million shares of its common stock at a cost of $1.7 billion during fiscal 2018, on a "trade date basis." tjx reflects stock repurchases in its financial statements on a "settlement date" or cash basis. under our stock repurchase programs, we spent $1.6 billion to repurchase 22.2 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2018, $1.7 billion to repurchase 22.3 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2017 and $1.8 billion to repurchase 26.6 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2016.
for further information regarding equity repurchases, see note d – capital stock and earnings per share of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in february 2018, we announced that our board of directors authorized an additional repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to an additional $3.0 billion of tjx stock. we currently plan to repurchase approximately $2.5 billion to $3.0 billion of stock under our stock repurchase programs in fiscal 2019. we
37
determine the timing and amount of repurchases based on our assessment of various factors including excess cash flow, liquidity, economic and market conditions, our assessment of prospects for our business, legal requirements and other factors. the timing and amount of these purchases may change.
dividends we declared quarterly dividends on our common stock which totaled $1.25 per share in fiscal 2018, $1.04 per share in fiscal 2017 and $0.84 per share in fiscal 2016. cash payments for dividends on our common stock totaled $764 million in fiscal 2018, $651 million in fiscal 2017 and $544 million in fiscal 2016. we also received proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $134 million in fiscal 2018, $164 million in fiscal 2017 and $132 million in fiscal 2016. we expect to pay quarterly dividends for fiscal 2019 of $0.39 per share, or an annual dividend of $1.56 per share, subject to the declaration and approval of our board of directors. this would represent a 25% increase over the per share dividends declared and paid in fiscal 2018.
contractual obligations: as of february 3, 2018, we had known contractual obligations under long-term debt arrangements (including current installments), other long-term obligations, operating leases for property and equipment and purchase obligations as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period tabular disclosure of contractual obligations        total                       less than                                 1-3                         3-5           more than
1 year                                  years                       years           5 years long-term debt and other long-term obligations (1)   $2,960,726                  $83,782                              $166,810                    $886,782           $1,823,352
operating lease commitments (2)                              9,494,751                   1,600,536                   2,924,504                   2,233,360                   2,736,351
purchase obligations (3)                                     3,689,892                   3,474,158                     153,249                      62,485                   —
total obligations                                    $16,145,369                 $5,158,476                         $3,244,563                  $3,182,627           $4,559,703
(1)   includes estimated interest costs, financing lease obligations and other long-term liabilities.
(2)   reflects minimum rent. does not include costs for insurance, real estate taxes, other operating expenses and, in some cases, rentals based on a percentage of sales; these items totaled approximately one-third of the total minimum rent for fiscal 2018.
(3)   includes estimated obligations under purchase orders for merchandise and under agreements for capital items, products and services used in our business, including executive employment and other agreements. excludes agreements that can be cancelled without penalty.
we also have long-term liabilities for which it is not reasonably possible for us to predict when they may be paid which include $442.6 million for employee compensation and benefits, and $44.8 million for uncertain tax positions.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap") which require us to make certain estimates and judgments that impact our reported results. these judgments and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors which we continually review and believe are reasonable. we consider our most critical accounting policies, involving management estimates and judgments, to be those relating to the areas described below.
inventory valuation: we use the retail method for valuing inventory for all our businesses except t.k. maxx in australia and stp. the businesses that utilize the retail method have some inventory that is initially valued at cost before the retail method is applied as it has not been fully processed for sale (i.e. inventory in transit and unprocessed inventory in our distribution centers). under the retail method, the cost value of inventory and gross margins are determined by calculating a cost-to-retail ratio and applying it to the retail value of inventory. it involves management estimates with regard to markdowns and inventory shrinkage. under the retail method, permanent markdowns are reflected in inventory valuation when the price of an item is reduced. typically, a significant area of judgment in the retail method is the amount and timing of permanent markdowns. however, as a normal business practice, we have a specific policy as to when and how markdowns are to be taken, greatly reducing management's discretion and the need for management estimates as to markdowns. inventory shrinkage requires estimating a shrinkage rate for interim periods, but we take a full physical inventory near the fiscal year end to determine shrinkage at year end. historically, the variance between estimated shrinkage and
38
actual shrinkage has not been material to our annual financial results. we do not generally enter into arrangements with vendors that provide for rebates and allowances that could ultimately affect the value of inventory.
impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and tradenames: we test our long-lived assets, goodwill and tradenames at least annually for impairment and whenever events or circumstances occur that would indicate that the carrying amounts of those assets may be impaired. significant judgment is involved in projecting the cash flows of individual stores, as well as of our business units, which involve a number of factors including historical trends, recent performance and general economic assumptions. if we determine that an impairment of long-lived assets or tradenames has occurred, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of those assets over the estimated fair value of the assets. if we determine that an impairment of goodwill has occurred, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of the applicable reporting unit over the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, but not in excess of the carrying amount of goodwill. we determine the fair value of our business units using the discounted cash flow method which requires assumptions for the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") and revenue growth for the related business unit. the fair value of our business units exceeds their carrying value by a significant amount with the exception of stp. as a result of a reduction in the projected revenue growth rates of stp the estimated fair value of this reporting unit was less than its carrying value, and therefore we have recorded an impairment charge of $97.3 million for the goodwill recorded at the time of acquisition. we continue to transition stp from a promotional model to the off-price model and expand its store base. although we are optimistic about the future of stp, since its acquisition, operating results have not met our short term expectations. the operating results of stp are not material to tjx's consolidated results.
retirement obligations: retirement costs are accrued over the service life of an employee and represent, in the aggregate, obligations that will ultimately be settled far in the future and are therefore subject to estimates. we are required to make economic, demographic and other assumptions regarding variables, such as the discount rate for valuing pension obligations, the long-term rate of return assumed to be earned on pension assets and assumptions about mortality, all of which impact the net periodic pension cost for the period. these assumptions, including the discount rate, which we determine annually based on market interest rates, and our estimated long-term rate of return, which can differ considerably from actual returns, can have a significant impact on the annual cost of retirement benefits and the funded status of our qualified pension plan. if our discount rate decreased 0.25 percentage points, our fiscal 2018 pension cost for our funded plan would have increased by approximately $7 million. similarly, an increase in the discount of rate of 0.25 percentage points would result in a comparable reduction of pension cost. a change of 0.25 percentage points in our long-term rate of return would increase or decrease our fiscal 2018 pension cost by approximately $3 million. when the discount rate, market performance of our plan assets, changes in laws, regulations, actuarial standards or other factors have a negative impact on the funded status of our plan, any required contributions may increase. we also consider these factors in determining the amount of voluntary contributions we may make to the plan in excess of mandatory funding requirements. in fiscal 2018, we funded our qualified pension plan with a voluntary contribution of $100 million.
share-based compensation: in accordance with gaap, we estimate the fair value of stock awards issued to employees and directors under our stock incentive plan. the fair value of the awards is amortized as "share-based compensation" over the vesting periods during which the recipients are required to provide service. we use the black-scholes option pricing model for determining the fair value of stock options granted, which requires management to make significant judgments and estimates such as participant activity and market results. the use of different assumptions and estimates could have a material impact on the estimated fair value of stock option grants and the related compensation cost. a 5% increase in expected volatility would increase the per-option value of our most recent option award by 4% while a decrease of the same amount would decrease the per-option value of our most recent option award by 5%.
casualty insurance: our casualty insurance program is a self-insured program which requires us to estimate the total claims we would incur as a component of our annual insurance cost. the estimated claims are developed, with the assistance of an actuary, based on historical experience and other factors. these estimates involve significant judgments and assumptions, and actual results could differ from these estimates. if our
39
estimate for the claims component of our casualty insurance for fiscal 2018 were to change by 5%, the fiscal 2018 pre-tax cost would increase or decrease by approximately $5 million. a large portion of these claims is funded with a non-refundable payment during the policy year, offsetting our estimated claims accrual. we had a net accrual of $39.6 million for the unfunded portion of our casualty insurance program as of february 3, 2018.
reserves for uncertain tax positions: like many large corporations, our income and other tax returns and reports are regularly audited by federal, state and local tax authorities in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions where we operate and such authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various administrative and judicial proceedings in multiple jurisdictions with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds and other tax matters, which proceedings are in various stages of negotiation, assessment, examination, litigation and settlement. the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate our uncertain tax positions based on our understanding of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date, and we accrue for exposure when we believe that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the positions we have taken will not be sustained. however, in the next twelve months and in future periods, the amounts we accrue for uncertain tax positions from time to time or ultimately pay, as the result of the final resolutions of examinations, judicial or administrative proceedings, changes in facts, law, or legal interpretations, expirations of applicable statute of limitations or other resolutions of, or changes in, tax positions may differ either positively or negatively from the amounts we have accrued, and may result in reductions to or additions to accruals, refund claims or payments for periods not currently under examination or for which no claims have been made, such as the recently enacted tax reform. finally, foreign governments may enact tax laws in response to the 2017 tax act that could result in further changes to global taxation and materially affect our financial position and results of operations. final resolutions of our tax positions or changes in accruals for uncertain tax positions could result in additional tax expense or benefit and could have a material impact on our results of operations of the period in which an examination or proceeding is resolved or in the period in which a changed outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
the 2017 tax act significantly changes how corporations are taxed, requiring complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in u.s. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions and significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. the u.s. treasury department, the irs, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the 2017 tax act will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation. as we complete our analysis of the 2017 tax act, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance, we may make adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that may materially impact our provision for income taxes in the period in which the adjustments are made.
loss contingencies: certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued that may result in a loss to us but will not be resolved until one or more future events occur or fail to occur. our management, with the assistance of our legal counsel, assesses such contingent liabilities. such assessments inherently involve the exercise of judgment. in assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against us or claims that may result in such proceedings, our legal counsel assists us in evaluating the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or claims as well as the perceived merits of the relief sought or expected to be sought therein.
if the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, we will accrue for the estimated liability in the financial statements. if the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be reasonably estimated, we will disclose the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of the possible loss or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable.
40
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of accounting pronouncements, see note a- basis of presentation and summary of accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, including the dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.