item 1a.   risk factors.
you should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the securities and exchange commission (sec) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. these risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to ti, a company with broad international operations. like other companies, we are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the united states or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our performance and the performance of our customers. similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community's expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community's expectations for our future results and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.
we face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures.
we face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. we expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from small competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. for example, we may face increased competition as a result of china actively promoting and reshaping its domestic semiconductor industry through policy changes and investment. these actions may restrict us from participating in the china market or may prevent us from competing effectively with chinese companies. certain competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. additionally, traditional intellectual property licensors are increasingly providing functionality, designs and complete hardware or software solutions that compete with our products. the price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors.
changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our customers include companies in a wide range of end markets and sectors within those markets. if demand in one or more sectors within our end markets declines or the rate of growth slows, our results of operations may be adversely affected. the cyclical nature of the semiconductor market may lead to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, or the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer's inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity.
our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. in addition, when responding to customers' requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. these forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
9
our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions.
we have facilities in more than 30 countries. about 85 percent of our revenue comes from shipments to locations outside the united states; in particular, shipments of products into china typically represent a large portion of our revenue. we are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate, including the united states. additionally, certain countries where we operate have experienced, and other countries may experience, increasing protectionism that may impact global trade. this could result in an adverse effect on our operations and our financial results. in addition, our global operations expose us to periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-u.s. currencies in which we transact business. the remeasurement of non-u.s. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems.
breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. these events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations; result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. cybersecurity threats are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them.
our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate.
we have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or health epidemics that could disrupt operations. a natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition.
rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products.
rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely manner. we make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products and develop new ones to meet changing customer demands. in some cases, we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute significant revenue until at least a few years after they are completed.
we face supply chain and manufacturing risks.
we rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources and utilities. additionally, a breach of our suppliers' information technology systems could result in a release of our confidential or proprietary information. if our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology.
in particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that certain key raw materials, natural resources and utilities be available. limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations. our products contain materials that are subject to conflict minerals reporting requirements. our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. additionally, our costs may increase if one or more of our customers demand that we change the sourcing of materials we cannot identify as conflict-free.
10
our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. we subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. we do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers' inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology in a timely, cost effective, and appropriate manner and the possibility of suppliers' imposition of increased costs on us.
our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.
we are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment, safety and health; exports and imports; bribery and corruption; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; market access; intellectual property ownership and infringement; and the movement of currency. compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. if we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other legal liability. furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business.
some of these complex laws, rules and regulations - for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements - may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a raw material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. a substitute for a prohibited raw material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost.
our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings.
we could be subject to claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, manufacturing, services, designs, communications or cybersecurity that could lead to significant expenses as we defend such claims or pay damage awards or settlements. in the event of a claim, we may also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. we maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. in addition, it is possible for one of our customers to recall a product containing a ti part, for example, with respect to products used in automotive applications or handheld electronics, which may cause us to incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. any of these events could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and our reputation.
our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters.
we have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. a number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits; changes in applicable tax rates; changes in tariff regulations or surcharges; changes in accounting principles; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities. we have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations. if our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. changes in these laws and regulations, including those that align with the organisation for economic cooperation and development's base erosion and profit shifting recommendations, could affect the locations where we are deemed to earn income, which could in turn affect our results of operations. each quarter we forecast our tax liability based on our forecast of our performance for the year. if that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax liability will change.
our initial estimates of the financial impact of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, enacted in december 2017, may change as we refine our analysis and as additional guidance becomes available. if in the future we repatriate any of the earnings represented by non-cash, operating assets such as inventory and fixed assets, we might incur incremental non-u.s. taxes, which could affect our results of operations.
11
our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if a customer or a distributor suffers a loss with respect to our inventory.
we have consignment inventory programs in place for some of our largest customers and distributors. if a customer or distributor were to experience a loss with respect to ti-consigned inventory, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we do not recover the full value of the lost inventory from the customer, distributor or insurer, or if our recovery is delayed.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by our distributors' promotion of competing product lines or our distributors' financial performance.
in 2017, about 65 percent of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if our distributors promote competing products over our products. moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us. disputes with or the loss of a significant number of distributors could be disruptive or harmful to our current business.
our margins may vary over time.
our profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in customer demand and shipment volume; obsolescence of our inventory; shifts in our product mix; changes in tariffs; changes in our manufacturing processes; and new accounting pronouncements or changes in existing accounting practices or standards. in addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. in general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result.
our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation.
access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio in all jurisdictions where we conduct business. there can be no assurance that, as our business evolves, we will obtain the necessary intellectual property rights, or that we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. to the extent that we have to rely on licensed technology from others, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms we consider reasonable. we may, directly or indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties, including non-practicing entities that have acquired patents to pursue enforcement actions against other companies. we may also face infringement claims where we or our customers make, use or sell products and where the intellectual property laws may be less established or less predictable. these assertions, whether or not of any merit, could expose us to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims.
we actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. however, our efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology and information, including, for example, third parties' use of our patented or copyrighted technology, or our trade secrets in their products without the right to do so, or third parties' sale of counterfeit products bearing our trademark. the risk of unfair copying or cloning may impede our ability to sell our products. the laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as u.s. laws.
our debt could affect our operations and financial condition.
from time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. while we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including our other risk factors, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise would be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets.
12
our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets.
we maintain bank accounts, one or more multi-year revolving credit agreements, and a portfolio of investments to support the financing needs of the company. our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. if we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted.
increases in health care and pension benefit costs could affect our results of operations and financial condition.
federal and state health care reform programs could increase our costs with regard to medical coverage of our employees, which could reduce profitability and affect our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, obligations related to our pension and other postretirement plans reflect assumptions that affect the planned funding and costs of these plans, including the actual return on plan assets, discount rates, plan participant population demographics and changes in pension regulations. changes in these assumptions may affect plan funding, cash flow and results of operations, and our costs and funding obligations could increase significantly if our plans' actual experience differs from these assumptions.
our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment.
our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, including engineering, management, marketing, technical and staff personnel. skilled and experienced personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws.
our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations.
from time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. for example, we may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines and technology, and our pre-acquisition due diligence may not identify all possible issues and risks that might arise with respect to an acquisition. further, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations.
material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results of operations.
we have a significant amount of goodwill and intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet. charges associated with impairments of goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview we design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. our business model is designed around the following four sustainable competitive advantages, that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies:
•   a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology. we invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house. this strategic decision to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. we have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by increasing factory loadings of our advanced analog 300-millimeter wafers, which have about a 40 percent cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter wafers. 300-millimeter wafers will support the majority of our analog growth going forward. additionally, we keep our manufacturing costs low by using mature assets acquired ahead of demand when their prices are most attractive.
•   broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors. our customers need multiple chips for their systems. the breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. we invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio, which includes tens of thousands of products.
•   broadest reach of market channels. customers often begin their initial product selection process and design-in journey on our website, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts more customers to our website than any of our competitors. our web presence, combined with our global sales force that is also greater in size than those of our competitors, are advantages that give us unique access to about 100,000 customers designing ti semiconductors into their end products.
•   diversity and longevity of our products, markets and customer positions. together, the attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. because of the breadth of our portfolio, we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets we are not dependent on any single application or customer. some of our products generate revenue for decades, which strengthens the return on our investments.
our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. analog and embedded processing products sold into industrial and automotive markets provide long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity, and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which we believe offer stability, profitability and strong cash generation. this business model is the foundation of our capital management strategy, which is based on our belief that free cash flow growth, especially on a per share basis, is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. we also believe that free cash flow will be valued only if it is productively invested in the business or returned to shareholders.
the combined effect of these sustainable competitive advantages is that over time we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing and have grown free cash flow. our business model puts us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash, and return that cash to shareholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. in the following discussion of our results of operations:
•   our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. see note 1 to the financial statements for more information regarding our segments.
•   all dollar amounts in the tables are stated in millions of u.s. dollars.
•   when we discuss our results:
o   unless otherwise noted, changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes.
o   new products tend not to have a significant impact on our revenue in any given period because we sell such a large number of products.
17
o   from time to time, our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the "mix" of products shipped.
o   because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. when factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase. increases and decreases in factory loadings tend to correspond to increases and decreases in demand.
o   over time, we have been allocating resources from areas like manufacturing support and sg&amp;a into r&amp;d activities.
•   the recently enacted u.s. tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act) will reduce our annual operating tax rate, which does not include discrete tax items, from 31 percent in 2017 to an ongoing rate of about 18 percent starting in 2019, comprehending the benefits of exports and having manufacturing, r&amp;d and intellectual property in the united states. in 2018, our annual operating tax rate is expected to be about 23 percent, 5 percentage points higher, primarily due to a transitional non-cash expense. for an explanation of the term "annual operating tax rate," see the non-gaap financial information section after the liquidity and capital resources section.
•   in the first quarter of 2017, we adopted asu 2017-07 related to certain pension and other retiree benefit costs. we applied the new standard on a full retrospective basis for all periods presented in the consolidated statements of income, which have been recast as a result. see note 2 to the financial statements for more details.
•   as of january 1, 2017, we no longer recognize royalties as revenue; instead, they are recorded as oi&amp;e. we continue to receive royalties from arrangements involving license rights to our patent portfolio. although we expect royalties to continue for many years, they are of decreasing significance to our core operations.
results of operations we continued to perform well in 2017, reflecting our focus on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on the industrial and automotive markets. these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have long-term growth opportunities. in 2017, analog and embedded processing represented 90 percent of revenue. gross margin of 64.3 percent reflected the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy.
our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. our cash flow from operations of $5.36 billion underscored the strength of our business model. free cash flow was $4.67 billion and represented 31.2 percent of revenue, up from 30.5 percent a year ago. during 2017, we returned $4.66 billion to shareholders through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends, consistent with our strategy to return all of our free cash flow to shareholders. our dividends represented 45 percent of free cash flow, underscoring their sustainability. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see the non-gaap financial information section.
details of financial results - 2017 compared with 2016
revenue of $14.96 billion was up $1.59 billion, or 12 percent, due to higher revenue from analog and embedded processing.
gross profit of $9.61 billion was up $1.36 billion, or 16 percent, primarily due to higher revenue. as a percentage of revenue, gross profit increased to 64.3 percent from 61.8 percent.
operating expenses (r&d and sg&a) were $3.20 billion compared with $3.10 billion, as we continued our ongoing allocation of resources to r&d activities.
acquisition charges of $318 million were non-cash. see note 13 to the financial statements.
restructuring charges/other was a charge of $11 million compared with a credit of $15 million in 2016. these amounts are included in other for segment reporting purposes. see note 3 to the financial statements.
operating profit was $6.08 billion, or 40.7 percent of revenue, compared with $4.86 billion, or 36.3 percent of revenue.
oi&e was $75 million of income compared with $155 million in 2016. see note 13 to the financial statements.
18
our provision for income taxes was $2.40 billion compared with $1.34 billion. the increase was due to the enactment of the tax act and, to a lesser extent, higher income before income taxes. our effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items, was 39 percent in 2017 and 27 percent in 2016. this change was due to tax adjustments made in 2017 as a result of the tax act. see note 6 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the u.s. statutory income tax rate to the effective tax rate.
net income was $3.68
billion compared with $3.60 billion. eps was $3.61 compared with $3.48.
segment results - 2017 compared with 2016
analog (includes power, signal chain and high volume product lines)
2017                     2016                 change revenue                             $        9,900           $        8,536                 16   %
operating profit                             4,468                    3,416                 31   %
operating profit % of revenue                 45.1   %                 40.0   %
analog revenue increased due to power and signal chain. high volume also grew, but to a lesser extent. operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit.
embedded processing (includes connected microcontrollers and processors product lines)
2017                     2016                 change revenue                             $        3,498           $        3,023                 16   %
operating profit                             1,143                      817                 40   %
operating profit % of revenue                 32.7   %                 27.0   %
embedded processing revenue increased due to growth in both product lines, led by processors. operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit.
other (includes dlp® products, calculators and custom asic products)
2017                     2016                  change revenue                                                              $        1,563           $        1,811                 (14   )%
operating profit *                                                              472                      622                 (24   )%
operating profit % of revenue                                                  30.2   %                 34.3   %
* includes acquisition charges and restructuring charges/other other revenue declined $248 million primarily due to custom asic products and the move of royalties from revenue to oi&e, which began in the first quarter of 2017. operating profit decreased $150 million.
details of financial results - 2016 compared with 2015
revenue of $13.37 billion was up $370 million, or 3 percent, from 2015 due to higher revenue from embedded processing and analog.
gross profit was $8.26 billion, an increase of $682 million, or 9 percent, due to lower manufacturing costs and, to a lesser extent, higher revenue. gross profit margin was 61.8 percent compared with 58.3 percent.
operating expenses were $1.36 billion for r&d and $1.74 billion for sg&a. r&d expense increased $89 million, or 7 percent, due to a combination of our allocation of resources into r&d activities and higher compensation-related costs. sg&a expense increased $14 million, primarily due to higher compensation-related costs.
acquisition charges associated with our 2011 acquisition of national semiconductor were $319 million compared with $329 million. these non-cash charges resulted from the amortization of intangible assets. see note 13 to the financial statements.
19
restructuring charges/other was a credit of $15 million, which included a gain on the sale of intellectual property of $40 million that was partially offset by $25 million related to restructuring charges. this compared with a credit of $71 million in 2015, which included gains on sales of assets of $83 million that were partially offset by $12 million related to restructuring charges and other credits. these amounts are included in other for segment reporting purposes. see note 3 to the financial statements.
operating profit was $4.86 billion, or 36.3 percent of revenue, compared with $4.32 billion, or 33.2 percent of revenue.
oi&e was $155 million of income compared with $16 million of expense. the increase is due to income of $188 million from settlements related to intellectual property infringement.
our income tax provision was $1.34 billion compared with $1.23 billion. the increase was primarily due to higher income before income taxes, partially offset by a tax benefit for stock compensation. our annual operating tax rates, which do not include discrete tax items, were 30 percent in 2016 and 29 percent in 2015. our effective tax rates were 27 percent in 2016 and 29 percent in 2015.
net income was $3.60 billion, an increase of $609 million, or 20 percent. eps was $3.48 compared with $2.82. eps benefited $0.13 in 2016 due to the adoption of a stock compensation accounting standard.
segment results - 2016 compared with 2015
analog
2016                     2015                 change revenue                             $        8,536           $        8,339                  2   %
operating profit                             3,416                    3,077                 11   %
operating profit % of revenue                 40.0   %                 36.9   %
analog revenue increased due to power and signal chain, while high volume declined. operating profit increased due to higher gross profit, which benefited from lower manufacturing costs.
embedded processing
2016                     2015                 change revenue                             $        3,023           $        2,787                  8   %
operating profit                               817                      611                 34   %
operating profit % of revenue                 27.0   %                 21.9   %
embedded processing revenue increased due to processors and, to a lesser extent, connected microcontrollers. processors revenue increased due to the mix of products shipped. operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit.
other
2016                     2015                 change revenue                                                              $        1,811           $        1,874                 (3   )%
operating profit *                                                              622                      634                 (2   )%
operating profit % of revenue                                                  34.3   %                 33.8   %
* includes acquisition charges and restructuring charges/other other revenue decreased due to, in declining order, royalties, custom asic products and calculators. this decrease was partially offset by growth in dlp products. operating profit decreased $12 million.
financial condition at the end of 2017, total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) was $4.47 billion, an increase of $979 million from the end of 2016.
accounts receivable were $1.28 billion at the end of 2017, an increase of $11 million compared with the end of 2016. days sales outstanding at the end of 2017 were 31 compared with 33 at the end of 2016.
20
inventory was $1.96 billion at the end of 2017, an increase of $167 million from the end of 2016. days of inventory at the end of 2017 were 134 compared with 126 at the end of 2016.
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a variable rate, revolving credit facility. cash flows from operating activities for 2017 was $5.36 billion, an increase of $749 million from 2016 that was driven by an increase in income before income taxes.
our revolving credit facility is with a consortium of investment-grade banks and allows us to borrow up to $2 billion until march 2022. this credit facility also serves as support for the issuance of commercial paper. as of december 31, 2017, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding.
in 2017, investing activities used $1.13 billion compared with $650 million in 2016. for 2017, capital expenditures were $695 million compared with $531 million in 2016. capital expenditures in both periods were primarily for semiconductor manufacturing equipment. in 2017, we had purchases of short-term investments, net of sales, that used cash of $460 million compared with $113 million in 2016. in 2017, we received $40 million from asset sales compared with none in 2016.
in 2017, financing activities used $3.73 billion compared with $3.81 billion in 2016. in 2017, we received net proceeds of $1.10 billion from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and repaid $625 million of maturing debt. in 2016, we received net proceeds of $499 million from the issuance of fixed-rate, long-term debt and repaid $1.00 billion of maturing debt. dividends paid in 2017 were $2.10 billion compared with $1.65 billion in 2016. during 2017, the quarterly dividend increased to $0.62 from $0.50 per share, resulting in an annualized dividend payment of $2.48 per share. during 2016, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.50 from $0.38 per share. in 2017, we used $2.56 billion to repurchase 30.6 million shares of our common stock. this compared with $2.13 billion used in 2016 to repurchase 35.5 million shares. in 2017, employee exercises of stock options provided cash proceeds of $483 million compared with $472 million in 2016.
we had $1.66 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $2.81 billion of short-term investments as of december 31, 2017, with our u.s. entities owning about 80 percent of these amounts combined at the end of 2017. we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
in 2017, we recorded a provisional tax liability of $690 million on indefinitely reinvested earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries related to the enactment of the tax act. this amount will be paid over eight years and is not expected to have a significant impact on our liquidity.
21
non-gaap financial information this md&a includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. these are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap). free cash flow was calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from the most directly comparable gaap measure, cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations).
we believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to shareholders, as well as insight into our financial performance. these non-gaap measures are supplemental to the comparable gaap measures.
reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap-based measures is provided in the table below.
for years ended december 31,
2017                                                                               2016                         2015
cash flow from operations (gaap)                           $          5,363             $          4,614             $          4,397
capital expenditures                                                   (695    )                    (531    )                    (551   )
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                  $          4,668             $          4,083             $          3,846
revenue                                                    $         14,961             $         13,370             $         13,000
cash flow from operations as a percent of revenue (gaap)        35.8           %             34.5           %             33.8          %
free cash flow as a percent of revenue (non-gaap)               31.2           %             30.5           %             29.6          %
this md&a also includes references to an annual operating tax rate, a non-gaap term we use to describe the estimated annual effective tax rate, a gaap measure that by definition does not include discrete tax items. we believe the term annual operating tax rate more clearly communicates that discrete tax items are excluded from such rate. the term also helps differentiate from the effective tax rate, which includes discrete tax items. no adjustments are made to the estimated annual effective tax rate when using the term annual operating tax rate.
long-term contractual obligations payments due by period contractual obligations                       2018                      2019/2020                 2021/2022                 thereafter                total long-term debt (a)                                $         581         $           1,385         $           1,133         $           1,385         $       4,484
purchase commitments (b)                                    391                       601                        67               35                          1,094
tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings (c)                  55                       110                       110               415                     690
operating leases (d)                                         68                        94                        53               56                      271
deferred compensation plans (e)                              15                        49                        51               112                     227
total (f)                                         $       1,110         $           2,239         $           1,414         $           2,003         $       6,766
(a)   includes the related interest payments and amounts classified as the current portion of long-term debt, specifically obligations that will mature within 12 months.
(b)   includes payments for software licenses and contractual arrangements with suppliers where there is a fixed, non-cancellable payment schedule or minimum payments due with a reduced delivery schedule. excluded from the table are cancellable arrangements.
(c)   includes the provisional amount of the tax on indefinitely reinvested earnings related to the enactment of the tax act. see note 6 to the financial statements for more details.
(d)   includes minimum payments for leased facilities and equipment and purchases of industrial gases under contracts accounted for as operating leases.
(e)   includes an estimate of payments for certain liabilities that existed at december 31, 2017.
(f)   excluded from the table are $300 million of uncertain tax liabilities under asc 740, as well as any planned future funding contributions to retirement benefit plans. amounts associated with uncertain tax liabilities have been excluded because of the difficulty in making reasonably reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities. regarding future funding of retirement benefit plans, we plan to contribute about $50 million in 2018, but funding projections beyond 2018 are not practical to estimate due to the rules affecting tax-deductible contributions and the impact from the plans' asset performance, interest rates and potential u.s. and non-u.s. legislation.
22
critical accounting policies our accounting policies are more fully described in note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. as disclosed in note 2, the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. however, based on facts and circumstances inherent in developing estimates and assumptions, management believes it is unlikely that applying other estimates and assumptions would have a material impact on the financial statements. we consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require a higher degree of judgment.
revenue recognition based on management's assessment of the revenue recognition criteria, we usually recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon shipment or delivery to the distributors. for our consignment arrangements with distributors, delivery occurs when the distributor pulls product from consignment inventory that we store at designated locations. recognition is not contingent upon resale of the products to the distributors' customers in either scenario.
revenue is recognized net of allowances, which are management's estimates of future credits to be granted to distributors under programs common in the semiconductor industry. these allowances are not material and generally include special pricing arrangements, product returns due to quality issues, and incentives designed to maximize growth opportunities.
allowances are based on analysis of historical data and contractual terms and are recorded when revenue is recognized. we believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to distributors in a timely manner.
income taxes in determining net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities, and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense.
in the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the united states and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. although we believe the estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different than what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals.
as part of our financial process, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets can be recovered. if recovery is not likely, the provision for taxes must be increased by recording a reserve in the form of a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets that are estimated not to be ultimately recoverable. in this process, certain relevant criteria are evaluated including the existence of deferred tax liabilities that can be used to absorb deferred tax assets, the taxable income in prior years that can be used to absorb net operating losses and credit carrybacks, and taxable income in future years. our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in u.s. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. these changes, if any, may require material adjustments to the deferred tax assets and an accompanying reduction or increase in net income in the period when such determinations are made. also, our plans for the permanent reinvestment or eventual repatriation of the accumulated earnings of certain non-u.s. operations could change. such changes could have a material effect on tax expense in future years.
inventory valuation allowances inventory is valued net of allowances for unsalable or obsolete raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. statistical allowances are determined quarterly for raw materials and work-in-process based on historical disposals of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons. for finished goods, quarterly statistical allowances are determined by comparing inventory levels of individual parts to historical shipments, current backlog and estimated future sales in order to identify inventory judged unlikely to be sold. a specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant event not captured by the statistical allowance. examples are an end-of-life part or demand with imminent risk of cancellation. allowances are also calculated quarterly for instances where inventoried costs for individual products are in excess of market prices for those products. actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors.
23
changes in accounting standards see note 2 to the financial statements for information on new accounting standards.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
commitments and contingencies see note 12 to the financial statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies.