The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly curtailed global economic activity and caused substantial volatility and disruption in global financial markets. The measures taken by many countries in response have adversely affected and could in the future materially adversely impact the company's business, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price. During 2020, aspects of the company's business were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, with many of the company's retail stores, as well as channel partner points of sale, temporarily closed at various times, and the vast majority of the company's employees working remotely. The company has reopened some of its offices and the majority of its retail stores, subject to operating restrictions to protect public health and the health and safety of employees and customers. The full extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the company's operational and financial performance is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside the company's control. The company believes its existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidity arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, share repurchases, debt repayments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations. The company continues to believe that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis, with reportable segments consisting of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan, and the rest of Asia Pacific, each managed separately to better align with the location of the company's customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The year-over-year growth in research and development expense in 2020 was driven primarily by increases in headcount-related expenses. The company has entered, and in the future may enter, into interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on the notes, and into foreign currency swaps to manage foreign currency risk on the notes. The company's marketable securities investment portfolio is primarily invested in highly rated securities, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. The company's investment policy generally requires securities to be investment grade and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture sub-assemblies for its products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products, which are based on demand information supplied by the company. The company's other purchase obligations consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, and noncancelable obligations related to advertising, licensing, research and development, internet and telecommunications services, content creation, and other activities. The company records a liability when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, which requires significant judgment. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, and if one or more legal matters were resolved against the company in a reporting period for amounts above management's expectations, the company's financial condition and operating results for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.