The global COVID-19 pandemic has continued to evolve and our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. In March 2020, we implemented our business continuity plan and took steps to shift over 98% of our workforce to work from home or off-site locations to ensure uninterrupted service to our clients across our solutions. While we are well-prepared to continue operating this way, we are in the early stages of bringing back a small portion of our workforce to the office on a volunteer-only basis. Our sales force will continue to primarily engage with prospects and clients virtually; however, we are beginning to conduct face-to-face meetings in certain geographies to the extent our employees, clients, and prospects are ready to do so. ADP's efforts have been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. For example, ADP has been working to provide support to all employers on the relief available under both the Families First Coronavirus Response Act and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. This includes an employer preparedness toolkit that helps explain the federal and state government relief. During the second half of fiscal 2020, we rolled out a range of tools and reports to help our clients through the crisis and prepare for the recovery. We implemented over 1,000 feature changes to our products in response to 2,000 legislative updates in 60 countries. Despite the unexpected challenges that our clients and their employees around the world are facing, we have continued to process payroll and tax obligations and provide other human capital management services. The significant impact the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our clients and the broader economy is in turn having an effect on our reported metrics. While the challenges presented by COVID-19 may affect the timing of our execution of parts of our strategy, we remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. We will continue to monitor macro trends based on externally and internally available data and are using these indicators to drive real-time decisions as we remain committed to our long-term strategy. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2020, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our reinvestments, our longer-term strategy, and our commitments to shareholder-friendly actions. We believe that the exclusion of certain items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We also believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under our commercial paper program, and our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transactions.