The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting global disruptions have affected our businesses, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, and third-party sellers. To serve our customers while also providing for the safety of our employees and service providers, we have modified numerous aspects of our logistics, transportation, supply chain, purchasing, and third-party seller processes. Beginning in Q1 2020, we made numerous process updates across our operations worldwide and adapted our fulfillment network to implement employee and customer safety measures, such as enhanced cleaning and physical distancing, personal protective gear, disinfectant spraying, and temperature checks. Since February 2020, we have hired over 400,000 full-time and part-time employees to increase our fulfillment network capacity. We incurred approximately $4.0 billion in COVID-19 related costs in Q4 2020, for a total of more than $11.5 billion during 2020. We will continue to prioritize employee and customer safety and comply with evolving federal, state, and local standards as well as to implement standards or processes that we determine to be in the best interests of our employees, customers, and communities. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken in response to it had varying effects on our 2020 results of operations. Higher net sales in the North America and international segments reflect increased demand, particularly as people are staying at home, including for household staples and other essential and home products, partially offset by fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints. Other effects in the North America and international segments include increased fulfillment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales, primarily due to the impact of lower productivity, increased employee hiring and benefits, and costs to maintain safe workplaces. We expect the effects of fulfillment network capacity and supply chain constraints, elevated collection risk in our accounts receivable, and increased fulfillment costs and cost of sales as a percentage of net sales to continue into all or portions of Q1 2021. However, it is not possible to determine the duration and scope of the pandemic, including any recurrence, the actions taken in response to the pandemic, the scale and rate of economic recovery from the pandemic, any ongoing effects on consumer demand and spending patterns, or other impacts of the pandemic, and whether these or other currently unanticipated consequences of the pandemic are reasonably likely to materially affect our results of operations. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. The increase in fulfillment costs in absolute dollars in 2020, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to variable costs corresponding with increased product and service sales volume and inventory levels, costs from expanding our fulfillment network, and the COVID-19 related impact of lower productivity, increased employee hiring and benefits, and costs to maintain safe workplaces. We expect fulfillment costs as a percentage of net sales to continue to be negatively impacted through at least Q1 2021 by COVID-19 related costs. We seek to invest efficiently in numerous areas of technology and content so we may continue to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments, while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations.