We are focused on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The global outbreak of COVID-19 and the residual impacts of the 737 MAX grounding continue to have significant adverse impacts on our business and are expected to continue to negatively impact revenue, earnings, and operating cash flow in future quarters. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. To balance the supply and demand given the COVID-19 shock and to preserve our long-term potential and competitiveness, we have reduced the production rates of several of our BCA programs. We have implemented procedures to promote employee safety in our facilities, including more frequent and enhanced cleaning and adjusted schedules and workflows to support physical distancing. These actions have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased operating costs. We continue to make progress across all five key pillars as we utilize a lower production rate environment to transform and improve our business processes. The supply chain pillar is focused on supply chain health and stability, reducing indirect procurement spend and streamlining our transportation, logistics, and warehousing approach. We expect further adverse impacts in future quarters. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, while we expect a multi-year recovery period for the commercial services business. The impacts of COVID-19 are expected to continue to reduce earnings in future quarters until the commercial airline industry recovers. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. We are experiencing fewer new 737 MAX orders than we were receiving prior to the grounding. The ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on market demand have created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 MAX aircraft in inventory. We continue to reassess the liability for estimated potential concessions and other considerations to customers on a quarterly basis. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness. We are also closely monitoring the current impact and potential future economic consequences of COVID-19 to the global economy, the aerospace sector, and our company. The commercial market outlook forecast projects a 4% growth rate for passenger and cargo traffic over a 20-year period. Our long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. However, the industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics, and increased global environmental regulations. We will maintain a disciplined rate management process and make adjustments as appropriate in the future. The consolidation of the 787 production in South Carolina is an example of this. The overhead and organization pillar is focused on our cost structure and how we are organized so we can right-size our workforce and simplify and reduce management layers and bureaucracy. These activities are not intended to constrain our capacity, but to enable the company to emerge stronger and be more resilient when the market recovers.