The COVID-19 pandemic is resulting in significant risks and disruptions to the health and welfare of the global population and economy. Although the pandemic has not had a significant impact on our results of operations, it remains difficult to reasonably assess or predict the full extent of the negative impact that the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The situation remains dynamic and challenging to assess the potential impact on our operations such as the ability and willingness of patients to access treatment centers or obtain a prescription and changes in prescribing patterns that may potentially affect our operations in the long term. We continue to monitor the impact on our business resulting from wider restrictions in select states and non-U.S. countries. We have implemented a number of measures to protect the health and safety of our workforce, including a mandatory work-from-home policy for our global workforce who can perform their jobs from home as well as restrictions on business travel and workplace and in-person meetings. Our remote engagement model has continued to support healthcare professionals, patient care, and access to our medicines. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We expect that our acquisitions of Celgene and Myokardia will further position us as a leading biopharmaceutical company, expanding our oncology, hematology, immunology, and cardiovascular portfolios with several near-term assets and additional external partnerships. We are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas and continue to advance our early-stage portfolio in immunology, cardiovascular, and fibrotic diseases while strengthening our partnerships with a diverse group of companies and academic institutions in new and expanded research activities. Our strategic priorities are to drive enterprise performance, maximize the value of our commercial portfolio, ensure the long-term sustainability of our pipeline through combined internal and external innovation, and establish our new culture and embed our people strategy. We believe our differentiated internal and external focus contributes to the advancing of our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines. We continue to react to outbreaks throughout the world by reinforcing our directives to keep our workforce safe in order to provide our patients with life-sustaining medicines. We have not incurred and do not anticipate disruptions to the supply of our medicines for patients due to the COVID-19 pandemic; however, we are experiencing scarcity of certain raw materials and components as a result of the influx of COVID-19 vaccine orders receiving priority treatment from vendors. We have restarted clinical development activities after pausing the opening of additional sites during the first months of the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect many new studies to start following the completion of feasibility assessments, rigorous planning, and selected protocol simplifications. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers. We will continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of prioritized brands, executing product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, and maintaining a culture of continuous improvement.