Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our businesses implemented various business continuity plans to protect our employees and customers, including temporarily closing certain retail stores, manufacturing facilities, and service centers. We also took actions in response to the economic losses from reductions in consumer demand and our temporary inability to produce goods and provide services. These actions included employee furloughs, wage and salary reductions, capital spending reductions, and other actions intended to help mitigate the economic losses and preserve capital and liquidity. Certain of our businesses undertook restructuring activities to resize their operations to better fit expected customer demand. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated, negatively affecting most of our businesses, with revenues and earnings declining considerably in the second quarter. However, several businesses experienced significant increases in revenues and earnings in the third and fourth quarters as they adapted to the changing environment. Our businesses that were deemed essential continued to operate through the pandemic, including our railroad, utilities, and energy sectors. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities will normalize, nor can we predict how these events will alter future consumption patterns. The pandemic caused significant economic disruptions that adversely affected the demand for transportation services, but we believe our fundamental business remains strong and we have ample liquidity to continue operations during this volatile period. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the need for operational flexibility and adaptability in our business strategies, as we continue to assess and respond to external pressures and changing market conditions. Our insurance businesses generated underwriting results that reflected the effects of the pandemic, including estimated losses and costs associated with claims and uncollectible premiums. The pandemic's impact on our businesses has required us to maintain a focus on resilience strategies, including the ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity. We strive to generate underwriting profits and maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility. Our operational management has involved strategic initiatives to enhance our resilience, including the implementation of practices to protect employees while at work, such as work-from-home arrangements and increased sanitation measures. The restructuring actions taken in response to the pandemic have contributed to improved margins in the fourth quarter compared to earlier in the year. We continue to monitor the situation closely and adjust our strategies to ensure organizational effectiveness and resilience in the face of ongoing challenges.