Our primary focus has been the safety and wellbeing of our employees and their families, as well as the seamless functioning of the firm in serving our limited partner investors who have entrusted us with their capital. We have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm, including increased cadence of group calls and updates, and frequent communication across leadership and working levels. We are leveraging technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong even in these unusual circumstances. The global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. Market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. Progress on COVID-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. Nevertheless, the recovery could remain uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, particularly given uncertainty with respect to the distribution and acceptance of the vaccines. The resurgence in COVID-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks, which potentially create additional pressure for certain of our portfolio companies' liquidity needs and their ability to meet financial obligations, including by adversely impacting operational performance. We have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. Nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds, such funds' ability to sell assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner in order to avoid losses and the likelihood of margin calls from credit providers. Our credit and insurance funds have, however, continued to actively manage their portfolios in order to limit downside and protect capital. The global economy has continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. The continuing recovery has also contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. We continue to closely monitor applicable public health and government guidance. The majority of our aggregate global real estate portfolio in BREP and core+ real estate businesses is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of COVID-19. The market has experienced rebounds across many asset classes, and our hedge fund solutions segment largely recovered from the losses in composite returns experienced in the first quarter of 2020. The segment has also benefited from the recovery of liquidity in the market during the second half of 2020. Our credit and insurance segment largely recovered from the losses in composite returns experienced in the first quarter of 2020. We have also seen a continuing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the U.S. and Europe, as well as an increasing focus on the institution of eviction limitations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. The new presidential administration and the U.S. Congress may introduce new or enforce existing policies and regulations that may create uncertainty for our business and investment strategies and could have an adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies.