We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Throughout the pandemic, our warehouses have largely remained open as a result of being deemed an "essential business" in most markets and resulted in strong sales increases in our food and sundries and fresh foods merchandise categories compared to pre-pandemic time periods. This growth in certain of our core business categories has led to improved gross margin and SG&A percentages as we leveraged these sales to achieve greater efficiency. We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses, and while the negative aspects of such growth, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance, we expect that our rate of operating floor space square footage growth will generally be higher in foreign markets due to the smaller base in those markets. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse business. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period. The outbreak of COVID-19 has led to widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and is affecting many aspects of our business and the operations of others with which we do business. We have taken several measures in response to the pandemic, and their implications on our results of operations have impacted us across all our reportable segments to varying degrees. We have experienced decreases in both the sales and profitability of many of our ancillary and other businesses due to temporary closures or limited demand. Our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. We believe that our U.S. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our U.S. liquidity requirements. We have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to COVID-19, and there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized, as plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs or based on the current economic environment. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments, and we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit outstanding. We believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce.