In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken several actions to protect the health, safety, and well-being of our employees while maintaining business continuity. These actions include requiring a majority of our employees to work remotely, eliminating non-essential travel, suspending all non-essential visitors to our facilities, disinfecting facilities and workspaces extensively and frequently, providing personal protective equipment to associates, and requiring employees who must be present at our facilities to adhere to a variety of safety protocols. We have expanded paid time-off for employees impacted by COVID-19, provided increased pay for certain employees involved in critical infrastructure who could not work remotely, and expanded our fiserv cares program to benefit employees in need around the world. Our operating performance is subject to global economic and market conditions, as well as their impacts on levels of consumer and business spending. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty as to general global economic and market conditions. We believe we have adequate capital resources and sufficient access to external financing sources to satisfy our current and reasonably anticipated requirements for funds to conduct our operations and meet other needs in the ordinary course of our business. However, as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs. The ability to continue to service debt and meet lease and other obligations as they come due is dependent on our continued ability to generate earnings and cash flows. A lack of continued recovery or further deterioration in economic and market conditions could materially affect our future access to our sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flows from operations. We engage in regular communication with the banks that participate in our revolving credit facility. During these communications, none of the banks have indicated that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. We periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions, pricing we receive on services, and other aspects of the relationships. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that the integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. The rapid growth in and globalization of mobile and e-commerce, driven by consumers' desire for simpler, more efficient shopping experiences, has created an opportunity for merchants to reach consumers in high-growth online and mobile settings, which often requires a merchant acquiring provider to enable and optimize the acceptance of payments. We expect to continue such safety measures for the foreseeable future and may take further actions, or adapt these existing policies, as government authorities may require or recommend or as we may determine to be in the best interest of our employees, clients, and vendors. The uncertainty caused by the pandemic creates an economic environment where our future financial results remain difficult to anticipate. We will continue to monitor and assess developments related to COVID-19 and implement appropriate actions to minimize the risk to our operations of any material adverse developments.