We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment, which has been reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our business continues to evolve and be unpredictable. For example, to the extent the pandemic disrupts economic activity globally, we, like other businesses, are not immune to continued adverse impacts to our business, operations, and financial results from volatility in advertising spending, changes in user behavior and preferences, credit deterioration and liquidity of our customers, depressed economic activity, or volatility in capital markets. We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations, and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could impact our business practices and financial results. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures. The ongoing impact will depend on a number of factors, including the duration and severity of the pandemic; the uneven impact to certain industries; advances in testing, treatment, and prevention including vaccines; and the macroeconomic impact of government measures to contain the spread of the virus and related government stimulus measures. We have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to fluctuations, although this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. As we look to return our workforce in more locations back to the office, we may experience increased costs as we prepare our facilities for a safe return to work environment and experiment with hybrid work models. We believe the current environment is accelerating digital transformation and we remain focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses. Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for compute, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities. The associated costs are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage or headcount. Our technical infrastructure investments are designed to support all of Alphabet, including primarily ads, Google Cloud, search, and YouTube. The increase in operating expenses was primarily driven by an increase in compensation expenses largely due to increases in headcount. We continue to evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 and the extent of these measures we have taken and the additional measures that we may implement could have a material impact on our financial results. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available.