The firm has continued to successfully execute on its business continuity planning (BCP) strategy since initially activating it in response to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our priority has been to safeguard employees and to ensure continuity of business operations on behalf of clients. The business continuity response is managed by a central team, which includes senior management within risk and the chief operating officers across all regions and businesses. Our systems and infrastructure have been robust throughout the pandemic, enabling us to conduct activities without disruption. We maintain regular and active communication among senior management, employees, and the board, and our decision-making processes have remained disciplined and rigorous throughout the pandemic. The firmwide operational risk and resilience committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk and ensuring business and operational resilience. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with operational risk measurement rules and has evolved based on changing needs and regulatory guidance. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events, which are documented and analyzed to determine whether changes are required in systems and/or processes to mitigate future risks. The results from operational risk assessments are analyzed to evaluate exposures and identify businesses or activities with heightened operational risk. Our liquidity position during 2020 remained strong, with an average of $283 billion in global core liquid assets (GCLA) for the year. We have continued to access traditional funding sources and service our debt and obligations on a timely basis. The firm has a comprehensive capital management policy that provides a framework to maintain appropriate levels of capital in both business-as-usual and stressed conditions. Our stress testing process is designed to identify and measure material risks associated with business activities, including market risk, credit risk, and operational risk. We conduct various scenario analyses to assist in developing our longer-term balance sheet management strategy. The firm has established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis or periods of market stress. Our approach to asset-liability management includes actively managing and monitoring our asset base, with a focus on liquidity and the ability to fund assets in a stressed environment. We hold sufficient excess liquidity in the form of GCLA to cover outflows during a stressed period and maintain a viable contingency funding plan. The firmwide enterprise risk committee oversees financial and non-financial risks, including operational risk and resilience. We employ a comprehensive risk management framework that includes governance, processes, and people to ensure effective risk management. Our risk management structure promotes accountability among risk takers and provides a framework for effective challenge and independent review. The firm has established a series of committees with specific risk management mandates that oversee various aspects of risk management activities. We continuously assess our policies and procedures related to conflicts of interest and compliance risk management to conduct business in accordance with the highest ethical standards.