In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has had significant adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies. We are conducting business with substantial modifications to employee work locations and employee travel, among other modifications. While we have not experienced significant disruptions to our operations thus far from the COVID-19 pandemic, we are unable to predict the full impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our operations and future financial performance, including demand for our offerings, impact to our customers and partners, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, and other factors identified in "risk factors." Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. To remain competitive and continue to grow, we are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe that the seasonality of our business is likely to continue in the future. We believe that our financial resources will allow us to manage the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations for the foreseeable future, which could include potential reductions in revenue and delays in payments from customers and partners. We expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through payment of cash dividends, after taking into account our operating and strategic cash needs. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to quickly respond to opportunities, and we evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. We are subject to certain legal proceedings, as well as demands, claims, and threatened litigation that arise in the normal course of our business. We review the status of each significant matter quarterly and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability and an expense for the estimated loss. Our estimates, assumptions, and judgments involved in accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets and other long-lived assets that have finite useful lives whenever an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. We test for potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives annually or whenever indicators of impairment arise. We believe that an understanding of industry trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2020 as well as our future prospects. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems are becoming increasingly important as we help customers manage their financial lives.