In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on helping people stay connected, assisting the public health response, and working on the economic recovery. We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with collectibility assessment of revenue and credit losses of accounts receivable could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in future periods, depending on the duration or degree of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and is continuing to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. We are unable to predict the impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement with any certainty, and we expect these trends to continue to be subject to volatility. The pandemic has contributed to an acceleration in the shift of commerce from offline to online, as well as increasing consumer demand for purchasing products as opposed to services. We intend to continue to invest in our business based on our company priorities, and we anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will continue to drive expense growth. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in authorities implementing numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate the outbreak of the virus. We have also continued to focus on our main revenue growth priorities, which include helping marketers use our products to connect with consumers where they are and making our ads more relevant and effective. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enables comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allows for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. The impact of the pandemic on user growth and engagement, the demand for and pricing of our advertising services, as well as on our overall results of operations, remains highly uncertain for the foreseeable future. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $21 billion to $23 billion in 2021. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. We currently anticipate that our available funds and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs and fund our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. We have not recorded any significant impairment charges during the years presented. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our single reporting unit below its carrying value. We have also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world.