The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business operations, including our employees, customers, partners, and communities, and we saw trends in our financial operating results. In the productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments, cloud usage and demand increased as customers shifted to work and learn from home. We experienced a slowdown in transactional licensing, particularly in small and medium businesses, and LinkedIn was negatively impacted by the weak job market and reductions in advertising spend. The pandemic may continue to affect our business operations and financial results, with substantial uncertainty regarding its ongoing effects. The extent to which the pandemic impacts our business will depend on numerous evolving factors, including the duration and scope of the pandemic and governmental, business, and individual actions in response. Our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models, presenting opportunities to conceive new products, technologies, or ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, competing for talent globally by offering an exceptional working environment and the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses. Aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses, with many denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, leading to potential impacts from foreign exchange rate changes. We are committed to ensuring the safety of our employees and protecting the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate while providing technology and resources to our customers to help them perform effectively in remote settings. Our operational flexibility and adaptability are critical as we navigate these challenges, focusing on maintaining performance and organizational health under pressure. We are developing resilience strategies to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes, ensuring our organizational capabilities are aligned with our strategic initiatives and future planning. The ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is essential for our organizational resilience, enabling us to maintain integrity and performance while responding to external pressures and uncertainties. Our approach includes proactive measures in crisis management and strategic adaptation to ensure sustainability and growth in turbulent markets.