Events surrounding the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak have resulted in a reduction in economic activity across the globe, which has affected demand for certain of our products. While we have observed demand increases in some areas of our business that support a stay-at-home economy, we have also observed demand decreases in other categories. We may be required to alter our business operations in order to maintain a healthy and safe environment. To respond to changing market conditions, we have shifted some supply from markets which have experienced declines in demand to markets that have experienced demand increases. We have evaluated our supply chain and communicated with our suppliers to identify supply gaps and taken steps to ensure continuity. In some cases, we have added alternative suppliers and increased our on-hand inventory of raw materials needed in our operations. We have added assembly and test capacity to provide redundant manufacturing capability through our network of captive operations and external partners. We have developed strategies and are implementing measures to respond to a variety of potential economic scenarios, such as limitations on new hiring and business travel and reductions of discretionary spending. We are working with government authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate, and continuing to monitor our operations in an effort to ensure we follow government requirements, relevant regulations, industry standards, and best practices to help safeguard our team members while safely continuing operations at our sites across the globe. We believe these actions are appropriate and prudent to safeguard our team members, contractors, suppliers, customers, and communities while allowing us to safely continue operations. Our overall gross margin percentage decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by cost reductions resulting from strong execution in delivering products featuring advanced technologies and continuous improvement initiatives to reduce production costs. We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment. Based on our assessment of planned technology node transitions, capital spending, and re-use rates, we revised the estimated useful lives of the existing equipment in our NAND wafer fabrication facilities and our research and development facilities. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. We must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality.