The worldwide COVID-19 pandemic is prompting governments and businesses to take unprecedented measures including restrictions on travel, temporary business closures, quarantines and shelter-in-place orders. It has significantly impacted global economic activity and caused volatility and disruption in global financial markets. Since March 2020, most of our employees have been working remotely and we have temporarily prohibited most business travel. Our gaming and data center market platforms have benefited from stronger demand as people continue to work, learn, and play from home. Throughout our supply chain, stronger demand globally has limited the availability of capacity and components, particularly in gaming. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the timing and overall demand from customers and the availability of supply chain, logistical services and component supply may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results. We believe our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, along with commercial paper and other short-term liquidity arrangements, will be sufficient to satisfy its working capital needs, capital asset purchases, dividends, debt repayments and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations. Demand for our products is based on many factors, including our product introductions and transitions, competitor announcements, and competing technologies, all of which can impact the timing and amount of our revenue. In periods with limited availability of capacity and components in our supply chain, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders significantly in advance of our normal lead times, pay premiums or provide deposits to secure normal and incremental future supply, which could negatively impact our financial results. The decisions made by our channel partners, retailers, and distributors in response to changing market conditions and the changing demand for our products could impact our financial results. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can adequately and efficiently finance our capital requirements beyond twelve months. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain maturity limits on our portfolio. The overall net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was insignificant in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. The audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to our critical accounting policies and estimates in this annual report on Form 10-K. We believe the closing of the acquisition will likely occur in the first quarter of calendar year 2022. We are engaged with regulators in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, China and other jurisdictions. The timing and overall demand from customers and the availability of supply chain, logistical services and component supply may have a material net negative impact on our business and financial results.