We empower enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure all users, applications, data, networks, and devices with comprehensive visibility and context continuously across all locations. We believe our portfolio offers advanced prevention and security while reducing the total cost of ownership for organizations by improving operational efficiency and eliminating the need for siloed point products. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our portfolio, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe our portfolio will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We continue to invest in innovation and acquire businesses as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our portfolio, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. We are actively monitoring, evaluating, and responding to developments relating to COVID-19, which has and is expected to result in continued significant global social and business disruption. We have made some changes to our business that include instituting a global work-from-home policy beginning in March 2020 that did not incur significant disruptions in our work operations during fiscal 2020. Our focus remains on the safety of our employees, striving to protect the health and well-being of the communities in which we operate, and providing technology to our employees, end-customers, and partners to help them do their best work while remote. Although some end-customers adopted Prisma Access as their secure work-from-home solution for the longer term, COVID-19 may curtail our end-customers' spending and could lead them to delay or defer purchasing decisions, lengthen sales cycles and payment terms, which could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings, and macroeconomic events such as COVID-19. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on factors such as the introduction of new products, manufacturing costs, and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We expect operating expenses generally to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates due to risks and uncertainties, including uncertainty in the current economic environment due to the global impact of COVID-19. We continue to monitor our deferred revenue balance because it represents a significant portion of revenue to be recognized in future periods. We consider billings to be a useful metric for management and investors, particularly if we continue to experience increased sales of subscriptions and strong renewal rates for subscription and support offerings. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner.