Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. This approach proved prescient and powerful in 2020 as we faced a worsening climate crisis, renewed calls for racial equality, and the first global pandemic in a century. Life in communities around the world was transformed, and our business was tested like never before. First and foremost, we had to protect the health of our associates, so that we could continue to serve our consumers, customers, and communities. At the same time, we had to secure our supply chain; ensure continuity in manufacturing, distribution, and sales; further strengthen our e-commerce and digital capabilities; reimagine our marketing; deliver positive outcomes for people, our shareholders, and the planet; and much more. To meet this once-in-a-generation moment and ensure our company's long-term success, we will continue to focus on becoming faster, stronger, and better. We will become faster by sustaining or improving growth and market share in our high-return foods and snacks businesses in North America; improving the profitability of our PBNA business and capturing our fair share of category growth; accelerating our growth and presence in international snacks and food while investing wisely in beverages to balance between growth and returns; and making the necessary investments in our manufacturing capacity, go-to-market systems, and digital initiatives, such as improving our presence and scale in our e-commerce business. We will become stronger by renewing our focus on driving holistic cost management throughout our organization to support our investments in advantaged capabilities, such as a highly agile and flexible end-to-end value chain; more precision around revenue management; and investing in data analytics that can provide more granularity around consumer insights. We also plan to continue investing to further expand global business services into new capabilities, which will enable better insight and support for our businesses at a lower cost. We will remain focused on diversifying our workforce and reinforcing the PepsiCo way, where we emphasize that employees act like owners to get things done quickly. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth. Our global operations continue to expose us to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to result in challenging operating environments and has affected almost all of the more than 200 countries and territories in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed, or sold. We continue to see shifts in product and channel preferences as markets move through varying stages of restrictions and reopening at different times, including changes in at-home consumption, in immediate consumption and away-from-home channels, such as convenience and gas and foodservice. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We have developed and implemented health and safety protocols, business continuity plans, and crisis management protocols in an effort to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 to our employees and our business. The extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business and financial results will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict and which will vary by jurisdiction and market, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, the development and availability of effective treatments and vaccines, global economic conditions during and after the pandemic, governmental actions that have been taken, or may be taken in the future, in response to the pandemic, and changes in consumer behavior in response to the pandemic, some of which may be more than just temporary.