Our financial condition and operating results remain strong in the COVID-19 environment, and our business continuity, communication plans, and technology are allowing all functions of our business to work smoothly during this time. We have not had any layoffs and have extended financial assistance to employees in need. Our local property and leasing teams have continued to maintain our properties and work with our customers to help them navigate the new environment while following established measures to help keep them and our customers safe. We experienced minimal impacts from the current environment on our operating portfolio operating fundamentals in 2020, which is the result of the high quality and location of our real estate portfolio, our customer base, favorable market fundamentals in the logistics real estate sector, and significant in-place-to-market rent spreads. Our employees have continued working remotely or in certain locations in our offices under protocols to keep a safe working environment. E-commerce continues to grow well above its historical average, and customers that serve essential daily needs are thriving. Customers that have been negatively impacted by the current economy represent a minimal percentage of our annual rent. Leasing activity remained strong for the operating portfolio throughout 2020, with the commencement of 150 million square feet of leases with an average term of 66 months. We received requests from certain customers for rent concessions during 2020, and for those granted, we deferred the rental payments to a later period in 2020 or 2021. The deferral of rental payments did not impact revenue recognized from those leases. Although COVID-19 continues to have a minimal impact on our rent collections and bad debt is trending lower than we initially anticipated, we may experience an increase in bad debt. Our capital deployment and disposition activities have continued throughout this time, and we expect the volume of these activities to accelerate in 2021. By the fourth quarter of 2020, we restarted the majority of the speculative development projects that we suspended in the first quarter. We are providing assistance across the globe in the form of direct cash grants, supplies, and donation of over one million square feet through our space for good program. In 2020, through the Prologis Foundation, we pledged $5 million to COVID-19 relief organizations and $1 million in support of racial equality causes. Our strategic capital segment includes revenues from asset and property management, and these revenues fluctuate because of changes in the size of the portfolios through acquisitions and dispositions, the fair value of the properties, and other transactional activity. We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, contributions and dispositions of properties, and available financing sources to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, borrowing capacity under our current credit facility arrangements, proceeds from the issuance of debt, and proceeds from the sale of a portion of our investments in co-investment ventures to achieve long-term ownership targets. Our refinancing activities in 2020 significantly lengthened the maturity of our senior notes, allowing us to manage our debt maturities effectively.