We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company, and its shareholders. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities, and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our smoke-free product portfolio includes heat-not-burn and nicotine-containing vapor products. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. The change in our net revenues from the comparable 2019 amount was driven by unfavorable volume/mix, primarily due to lower cigarette volume, partly offset by higher heated tobacco unit volume. The unfavorable impact of $253 million was mainly resulting from the deconsolidation of our Canadian subsidiary, Rothman, Benson & Hedges, Inc., effective March 22, 2019, and lower fees for certain distribution rights billed to customers in certain markets. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions that are otherwise compliant with law. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic particularly impacted our net revenues, especially in the second quarter of 2020 and continuing throughout the second half of the year. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, from the comparable 2019 amounts, were influenced by asset impairment and exit costs, fair value adjustments for equity security investments, and changes in tax rates. We are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products, which present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking. Our cigarettes are sold in more than 175 markets, and in many of these markets, they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. We manage our business in six operating segments, including the Middle East & Africa and Latin America & Canada, which includes transactions under license with Altria Group, Inc. for the distribution of our platform 1 product in the United States. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke.