We are closely monitoring the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on all aspects of our business. While COVID-19 did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results for the year ended December 31, 2020, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact that it may have on our business, future results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our strategy seeks to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities, evolving and growing our core businesses, and pursuing growth via adjacencies. We strive to deliver on our strategic priorities in key areas, including funding organic opportunities and pursuing disciplined acquisitions, investments, and partnerships to support our key growth areas. We are advancing our risk culture by maturing risk management and compliance processes and our cybersecurity posture. Our operations consist of four reportable segments, and we have returned approximately $5.8 billion to our shareholders through a combination of share repurchases and quarterly dividends. Revenue increased 11%, driven by increases at all of our reportable segments, and operating profit increased 12%. The increase was primarily due to revenue growth at all of our reportable segments combined with a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses from non-essential travel restrictions in response to COVID-19. Operating-related expenses increased as compared to 2019, driven by increases at market intelligence and ratings. The increase at market intelligence was primarily due to higher compensation costs driven by investments in growth initiatives. We consider operating profit to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance and evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments in which we operate. Segment operating profit increased 14% as compared to 2019, primarily driven by an increase in revenue at all of our reportable segments and lower professional fees. We believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations, and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital, and debt service. Our purpose is to provide the intelligence that is essential for companies, governments, and individuals to make decisions with conviction. We seek to deliver on this purpose in line with our core values of integrity, excellence, and relevance. We have reviewed the new laws, regulations, and rules which have been adopted and we have implemented, or are planning to implement, changes as required. We do not believe that such new laws, regulations, or rules will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the U.S. and abroad. We are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, and we recognize a liability for such contingencies when both conditions are met. We continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses. Our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances, including compensation increases, long-term return on pension plan assets, healthcare cost trends, discount rates, and other factors.