The company mobilized in early 2020 to support the COVID-19 pandemic response with products and services that help analyze, diagnose, and protect from the virus. The extent and duration of the negative impacts continuing into 2021 are uncertain and dependent in part on the success of global efforts to control the pandemic and economic activity ramping up. The company believes the impacted businesses' long-term prospects remain excellent given the company's attractive markets served, its industry-leading position, and proven growth strategy. Several of the company's businesses have had a significant increase in revenues due to sales of products and services addressing diagnosis and treatment of COVID-19, including test kits and products for therapy and vaccine development. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales and, to a lesser extent, sales mix, offset in part by strategic growth investments. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, expanded service and operational infrastructure, focused research and development projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $95 million in 2020, with restructuring projects expected to result in annual cost savings. The company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, which helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results. The increase in revenues at existing businesses was primarily driven by demand for testing to diagnose COVID-19, with higher sales of genetic sciences products and bioproduction products. The company uses its non-U.S. cash for needs outside of the U.S., including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations, together with available borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company expects that expenditures for property, plant, and equipment will be between $2.2 and $2.4 billion. The company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the U.S., and it assesses income tax positions based on management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances, and information available at the reporting date. The company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income. The company recorded accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and environmental liabilities, based on management's judgment and historical claims experience. The company's liquidity and capital resources reflect a significant increase in cash due to higher cash flow from operations and the issuance of long-term senior notes. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet its cash requirements for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.