The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its follow-on effects are impacting and will likely continue to impact business activity across industries worldwide, including TI. Therefore, we remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years. The impact to our lead times and ability to fulfill orders was minimal in 2020. However, depending on pandemic-related factors like the potential of local manufacturing restrictions on our factories, we could experience constraints in fulfilling customer orders in future periods. The coronavirus pandemic remains dynamic with uncertainty around its duration and broader impact. We continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain, and customer demand. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19. Additionally, over the past several years, we have invested in building inventory and expanding our global internally owned manufacturing footprint. Investing in these capabilities has given us flexibility, such as the ability to build products across multiple manufacturing sites. These investments have helped to minimize disruptions, but may not be sufficient to eliminate them. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products sold into six end markets: industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communications equipment, enterprise systems, and other. While all end markets represent good opportunities, we place additional strategic emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our strategy to maximize free cash flow per share growth has three elements: a great business model that is focused on analog and embedded processing products and built around four sustainable competitive advantages, discipline in allocating capital to the best opportunities, and a commitment to return free cash flow to owners. Together, these competitive advantages help position TI in a unique class of companies capable of generating and returning significant amounts of cash for our owners. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation, and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. The changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes. Our results of operations provide details of our financial results for 2020 and 2019 and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019. Our cash flow from operations underscores the strength of our business model. We continue to monitor and assess the situation and address implications to our business, supply chain, and customer demand. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. These investments have helped to minimize disruptions, but may not be sufficient to eliminate them. We have long had a business continuity plan in place for unforeseeable situations, like we have seen with COVID-19.