We continue to monitor the impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic on our business. COVID-19 has not affected our supply chain or the demand for our medicines, and we believe that we will be able to continue to supply all of our approved medicines to patients globally. We have adjusted our business operations in response to COVID-19, with a majority of our employees continuing to work remotely. We continue to monitor local COVID-19 trends and government guidance for each of our site locations, and are utilizing a phased, site-specific approach to assess employee access to our sites. To provide a safe working environment for our on-site employees, we have, among other things, limited employee numbers at our open sites and increased safety measures, including at-home and on-site testing in the U.S., enhanced cleaning and sanitation protocols, required use of personal protective equipment for all on-site employees, hand sanitation stations throughout our open sites, and implementation of various social distancing measures while on-site. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing innovative approaches to treat diverse diseases of great unmet need allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business, and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. This process can result in rapid changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors. We expect to continue to grow our CF business through increasing the number of people with CF eligible and able to receive our medicines and providing improved treatment options for people who are already eligible for one of our medicines. We are developing a broad pipeline of potentially transformative small molecule, cell, and genetic therapies aimed at treating serious diseases. We continue to invest in our research programs and foster scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. We expect that our net product revenues will increase in 2021 due to increasing numbers of people being treated with our medicines as a result of the continued uptake of Trikafta, the approval of Kaftrio by the European Commission, label expansions for our previously approved products, and expanded access to our medicines. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our products in ex-U.S. markets. Our future capital requirements include significant expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months and do not expect COVID-19 to have an adverse effect on our liquidity. We will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. We expect to continue to identify and evaluate collaboration and licensing opportunities that may be similar to or different from the collaborations and licenses that we have engaged in previously.