Abbott depends on sophisticated information systems and maintains protected personal data, and a significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption affecting these information systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business, financial condition, and results of operations. The size and complexity of the information systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products make them susceptible to a cybersecurity incident, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its information systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of a cybersecurity incident or other significant disruption, and monitors its information systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential cybersecurity threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, with a risk of failure inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Abbott's operations and performance depend on its ability to manage its large and complex global supply chain. Disruptions to Abbott's global supply chain could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, diagnostic product, or nutritional product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products on a timely basis, if at all. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott's focus will include driving sales growth from its Alinity suite of diagnostics instruments and its portfolio of rapid diagnostic testing systems. Abbott's research and development programs focus on developing next-generation technologies in various areas, including cardiac rhythm management, heart failure, electrophysiology, vascular, structural heart, and diabetes care. Abbott's research and development process includes phases such as discovery, concept/feasibility, and development. Abbott's research and development efforts are aimed at enhancing its portfolio with the introduction of science-based products and line extensions. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's significant indebtedness could adversely affect its business, including decreasing its business flexibility.