Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are exploring how best to integrate generative AI technologies and develop and deploy capabilities that are beneficial to our clients and their employees. The ability to provide data-driven insights and otherwise leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or ethical considerations. We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors and our employees, contractors and temporary staff. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, as a result of the complexity of our operating environment, our programs and processes may not be sufficient or adequate or may fail to prevent, detect or respond to a cybersecurity incident or identify and/or remediate a security vulnerability in our operating environment. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, including as a result of AI, and if we fail to upgrade, enhance and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may materially diminish. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution and strengthen our talent and culture, while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated. We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. The global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses.