The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict, with demand for our products and services impacted by technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes, new and emerging technologies, and market drivers. To meet rapidly changing demand, we must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage our resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, inventory, and other components of our business. Accelerated digital transformation may further increase demand and exacerbate shortages, straining our manufacturing capacity, which may adversely impact our ability to meet customer demand and have an adverse impact on our revenues, operating results, and financial condition. We are exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy, which could materially and adversely impact our operating results. Uncertain economic and industry conditions and supply chain challenges make it more difficult to accurately forecast operating results, make business decisions, and identify and prioritize the risks that may affect our businesses. We must continue to invest in research and development and maintain a global business infrastructure to compete effectively and support our customers, which can have a negative impact on our operating results. Our ability to successfully expand our business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by the need to devote additional resources to develop new products for, and operate in, new markets, and the complexity of managing multiple businesses with variations in production planning, execution, supply chain management, and logistics. We operate in a highly competitive environment where innovation is critical, and our future success depends on the development of new technologies and effective commercialization and customer acceptance of our equipment, services, and related products. Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections, expanding our served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries, and growing our services business. Our significant investments in research, development, and engineering must enable us to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, thus allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans during early-stage technology selection. We work closely with our global customers to design systems and processes that meet their planned technical and production requirements. The increasing role of machine learning and artificial intelligence with respect to semiconductor equipment and related services is also significant. Our ability to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products we provide depends on our ongoing investments in research and development to assure the availability of innovative technology that meets the current and projected requirements of our customers' most advanced designs. We are exposed to ongoing changes specific to the semiconductor industry, characterized by ongoing changes that impact demand for and the profitability of our semiconductor manufacturing equipment and service products, including the frequency and complexity of technology transitions and inflections, and our ability to timely and effectively anticipate and adapt to these changes. Our ability to accurately forecast demand, work with suppliers, and meet production schedules for our products is critical to our operational efficiency and overall business performance. The development, introduction, and support of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment require collaboration with customers and other industry participants, which has grown more complex and expensive over time.