The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and infrastructure, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. Our technology and infrastructure investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and infrastructure will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology and infrastructure costs include payroll and related expenses for employees involved in the research and development of new and existing products and services, development, design, and maintenance of our stores, curation and display of products and services made available in our online stores, and infrastructure costs. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. The increase in technology and infrastructure costs in absolute dollars in 2023, compared to the prior year, is primarily due to an increase in spending on infrastructure and increased payroll and related costs associated with technical teams responsible for expanding our existing products and services and initiatives to introduce new products and service offerings. Our ability to retain and expand our network of sellers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical to our business performance. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements to ensure that we can meet anticipated shipment volumes. The internet facilitates competitive entry and comparison shopping, which enhances the ability of new, smaller, or lesser-known businesses to compete against us. We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and we have many competitors across geographies and in different industries. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure. We also rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. Our reliance on third-party technology and systems for various functions, including encryption and authentication technology, back-office support, and other functions, is critical to our operations. The complexity of our technology infrastructure requires effective management to ensure operational efficiency and to mitigate risks associated with system interruptions and lack of redundancy. Our digital content offerings depend in part on effective digital rights management technology to control access to digital content. We face risks related to adequately protecting our intellectual property rights and being accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, which could impact our technology capabilities and operational effectiveness.