We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, to assist in conducting our business. We face risks of incidents, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions, that could disrupt our business and result in theft of proprietary and confidential information. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology systems, these systems are subject to the risk of a cybersecurity incident or disruption. Cybersecurity risks continue to develop, including as a result of threat actors increasingly targeting employees and supply chains. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems could negatively impact operations. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings, and our future success is highly dependent on our pipeline of new products. Our ability to replace revenue from products that lose patent protection is directly dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize new products in a timely manner. We have experienced setbacks and may continue to do so, including difficulties in developing and commercializing new products, which involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients, and we are working towards expanding our pipeline of registrational assets. We have a strong position in the protein degradation field and have been advancing our pipeline with an expansive library of assets. Our R&D strategy will help ensure we maintain a strong legacy of scientific innovation, bringing first-in-class and/or best-in-class treatments to patients at an accelerated speed. The evolution in our operating model focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, which will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. Our commercial model has been successful with revenues from our in-line brands and new product portfolio continuing to grow, demonstrating strong execution of our strategy. We also face competition from new products entering the market, particularly in immuno-oncology, and must continue to innovate to maintain our competitive advantage. Our business and operations may be adversely affected by political volatility, conflicts, or crises, including pandemics, which could create material staffing shortages at our manufacturing sites and disrupt the supply of our products. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving, and failure to comply with these laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm. Our strategic business development and maintaining a strong investment-grade credit rating are priorities as we seek to support future revenue growth and maintain an adequate pipeline. We are committed to reducing our debt while pursuing strategic transaction opportunities, which may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing. Our focus on discovering, developing, and delivering transformational medicines is linked to our environmental, social, and governance strategy, which seeks to mobilize our capabilities and resources to positively impact the communities where we operate.