Availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. These systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory, and produce reports critical for making business decisions. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Insufficient IT capacity could also impact our capacity for timely, complete, and accurate financial and non-financial reporting required by law. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by or belong to third parties, including suppliers, partners, vendors, and service providers. Additionally, we collect, store, and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, employees, and other third parties. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. The potential impacts of a cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems and operations, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. We are subject to payment-related risks. We accept payments using a variety of methods, including select credit and debit cards, cash and checks, and our shop card. As we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. Our failure to offer payment methods desired by our members could create a competitive disadvantage. We must comply with evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. Our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.