We periodically implement or upgrade new or enhanced enterprise resource planning ("ERP") and other information systems in order to better manage our business operations, align our global organizations and enable future growth. Implementation or upgrade of new business processes and information systems requires the commitment of significant personnel, training and financial resources, and entails risks to our business operations. If we do not successfully implement ERP and other information systems improvements, or if there are delays or difficulties in implementing these systems, we may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and we may experience operational difficulties and challenges in effectively managing our business, all of which could result in quality issues, reputational harm, lost market and revenue opportunities, and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta and tecartus. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, including those caused by failures during system upgrades or implementations, user error, network or hardware failure, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Likewise, data privacy or cybersecurity incidents or breaches by employees or others can result in the exposure of sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners to unauthorized persons or to the public. If our information systems or third-party information systems on which we rely suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including during upgrades or new implementations, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until after a significant period of time well after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. We have experienced and expect to continue to be the target of cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and temporary service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, our policy is to respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business.