Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The development and use of artificial intelligence (AI) present risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business. We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. Our operational systems and infrastructure must continuously be updated to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. The importance of technology has continued to increase, particularly in light of hybrid work arrangements. We face the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearinghouses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our securities and derivatives transactions. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We have established policies that require all employees and consultants to report and escalate operational risk events. Our cybersecurity risk management processes are integrated into our overall risk management processes. We have established an information security and cybersecurity program, administered by technology risk within engineering, and overseen by our Chief Information Security Officer (CISO). This program is designed to identify, assess, document and mitigate threats, establish and evaluate compliance with information security mandates, adopt and apply our security control framework, and prevent, detect and respond to security incidents. We have a vendor management program that documents a risk-based framework for managing third-party vendor relationships. Our risk management structure is built around three core components: governance, processes, and people. We monitor compliance with established credit risk limits and reporting our credit exposures and credit concentrations. Our risk assessment process may also include, where applicable, reviewing certain key metrics, including, but not limited to, delinquency status, collateral value, FICO credit scores, and other risk factors. We seek to mitigate the credit risk associated with our lending activities by obtaining credit protection on certain loans and lending commitments through credit default swaps, both single-name and index-based contracts, and through the issuance of credit-linked notes. Our credit risk management systems capture credit exposure to individual counterparties and on an aggregate basis to counterparties and their subsidiaries. We also enter into derivatives to manage market risk exposures. Our risk management framework is designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review, and model-specific usage controls. We perform regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets.