Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. We must continually anticipate and adapt to changes in the shopping and purchasing process by continuing to adjust and enhance the online and in-store customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. Executing our interconnected retail strategy requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems, and support. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, use, retain, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, which may involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes, and designing or acquiring new systems with new functionality. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We use our digital platforms as sales channels for our products and services, as methods of providing inspiration, and as sources of product, project, and other relevant information to our customers to help drive sales. The retail industry is continually evolving, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications in recent years. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a complex, evolving digital and interconnected experience. Our investments to enhance our interconnected shopping experience, including investments in our store base, supply chain, and capabilities, might not provide the anticipated benefits or might take longer than expected to complete, integrate, or realize anticipated benefits. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. We face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are constantly changing and evolving, increasing in frequency and sophistication. We must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to effectively meet their expectations, but this ability is subject to external factors, including legislation or regulations governing data privacy and data security. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. Unauthorized parties have in the past gained access to these systems and data, which could jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of such information systems. The execution of initiatives to implement our interconnected retail strategy could adversely impact our business operations or financial results, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits. We must effectively manage the volume, timing, nature, location, and cost of our investments, projects, and changes. Failure to continue to make investments to effectively support our strategy and to implement or integrate those investments could adversely impact our business operations or financial results.