Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings, as well as consumer spending. Our ability to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience is critical. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations. We are undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. The failure of customer-facing technology systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission-critical systems are constantly evolving. We collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, associates, and vendors, as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business information. The rapid evolution of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies and the implementation of pilot programs integrating generative artificial intelligence into our internal and customer-facing systems may intensify our cybersecurity risks. Our ability to attract and retain a large number of skilled professionals, including technology professionals, is critical to support our strategic initiatives and the related technology investments needed to implement our strategic investments. The market for these professionals is increasingly competitive. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, or if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors.