Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The highly competitive nature of our industry and our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products are critical. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have a larger market share and greater resources to invest in technology. Our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels. Our gross margins may also be impacted by shifts in product mix, driven by our strategy to optimize our portfolio to best respond to changing market dynamics. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. Our ability to successfully introduce new products often requires us to make product specification decisions multiple years in advance of when new products enter the market. The process to develop new products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality, performance, and reliability, often well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. The availability of materials or components is impacted by various factors, including shortages or increases in lead times. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers, analog integrated circuits, and other components used in some of our products and with outsourced semiconductor foundries, assembly and test providers, contract manufacturers, logistics carriers, and other service providers. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive, as competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense. Hiring and retaining qualified executives and other employees is critical to our business. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment, or dependency on third-party service providers. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers' needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.