The following risks could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or reputation, which could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry may adversely impact our financial results. Our success depends on our ability to timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the evolving needs of these markets. We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several years, if at all. We have begun offering enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX cloud services directly and through our network of partners, which include cloud-based infrastructure, software, and services for training and deploying AI models. Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results. Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. The efficient operation and scalability of these processes and systems is critical to support our growth. Modification or interruption of our business processes and information systems may disrupt our business and internal controls. We face several risks which have adversely affected or could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain. We depend on foundries to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not assemble, test, or package our products, but instead contract with independent subcontractors. These subcontractors assist with procuring components used in our systems, boards, and products. We have begun offering enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX cloud services directly and through our network of partners, which include cloud-based infrastructure, software, and services for training and deploying AI models. We have partnered with CSPs to host such software and services in their data centers, and we entered and may continue to enter into multi-year cloud service agreements to support these offerings and our research and development activities. Our ability to adequately predict our CPU demand may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We have experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more than 12 months. We have paid premiums and provided deposits to secure future supply and capacity, which have increased our product costs and may continue to do so. We may be unable to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business. We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. These areas could damage our reputation, deter current and potential customers, affect our product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability. We are subject to complex laws, rules, and regulations, and political and other actions, which may adversely impact our business. We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, nor successfully integrate acquisition targets. Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax laws, and other tax-related factors. Our business is exposed to the risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings.