We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium tier handset devices. The mobile industry is experiencing concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Certain Chinese OEMs have increased their device share in China and in certain regions outside of China, and we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of these OEMs as well. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. The loss of any one of our significant customers, a reduction in the purchases of our products by any of these customers, or the cancellation of significant purchases by any of these customers could reduce our revenues and harm our ability to achieve or sustain expected results of operations. A delay of significant purchases would reduce our revenues in the period of the delay. The concentration of device share among a few companies may result in lower prices for our products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and margins. The timing and size of purchases by our significant customers may be impacted by the timing of such customers' new or next generation product introductions, over which we have no control. We expect to continue to see product cost increases from certain of our key semiconductor wafer suppliers. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies and products into new and expanded product areas, and industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our future growth depends in part on new and expanded product areas, and industries and applications beyond mobile handsets, such as automotive and IoT; our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies and products for these new and expanded product areas; and third parties incorporating our technologies and products into devices used in these product areas. We may also underestimate the costs of, or overestimate the future revenues or margins that could result from these investments. Our strategic activities are generally focused on opening or expanding opportunities for our products and technologies, supporting the design and introduction of new products, and furthering our growth and diversification strategy in industries and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our debt depends upon our future performance, which is subject to economic and political conditions, industry cycles, and financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business and products are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations globally, including regulations related to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection. Compliance with, or changes in the interpretation of, existing regulations, the adoption of new regulations, changes in the oversight of our activities by governments or standards bodies, or rulings in court, regulatory, administrative, or other proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our manufacturing processes are highly complex, require advanced and costly equipment, and must be continuously modified to improve yields and performance. Difficulties in the production process can reduce yields or interrupt production, which could impact our ability to introduce new products and meet customer demand. Our products are complex and may contain defects, errors, or security vulnerabilities, which could harm our business. The occurrence of defects, errors, or security vulnerabilities may give rise to product liability claims, which could result in significant costs.