We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks, and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We, our customers, and third-party hosting services have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, security breaches of, or unauthorized access to, products or systems. While such breaches or unauthorized access have not been material to date, we cannot guarantee that any future breach or unauthorized access will not be material, and any breach or unauthorized access could impact the use of such products and systems and the security of information stored therein. Although we have made investments and expect to continue to make investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, use of artificial intelligence, hiring of experts, employee training, and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. Our response to these incidents and our investments to protect our product offerings and information technology infrastructure and data may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. We are in the process of implementing a new commercial ERP system, which will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. The implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any material disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, or otherwise operate our business. We may be unable to maintain adequate working relationships with healthcare professionals. We seek to maintain close working relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel in healthcare organizations, such as hospitals and universities, who assist in product research and development. If we are unable to maintain these relationships due to regulatory restrictions, hospital access restrictions for non-patients, or for other reasons, our ability to develop, market, and sell new and improved products could be adversely affected. Our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace key personnel timely. In addition, recent legal and regulatory changes affect our ability to enforce post-termination obligations from certain employees with respect to non-competition, non-solicitation, and protection of confidential information. This may negatively impact our ability to retain employees and protect our information and relationships with customers and other third parties. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions. Such investments are inherently risky, and we cannot guarantee that any acquisition will be successful or will not have a material unfavorable impact on us. The risks include the activities required and resources allocated to integrate new businesses, diversion of management time that could adversely affect management's ability to focus on other projects, and the inability to realize the expected benefits, savings, or synergies from the acquisition.