Our ability to attract and retain customers will depend on key factors such as network quality and capacity, customer service excellence, effective marketing strategies, competitive pricing, and compelling value propositions. Additionally, targeted marketing approaches for diverse customer segments, including prepaid, postpaid, business, and government customers, coupled with continuous innovation in products and services, are essential for retaining and expanding our customer base. We have experienced criminal cyberattacks and are vulnerable to disruption, data loss, and other security breaches, whether directly or indirectly through third parties whose products and services we rely on in operating our business. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account, and payment card information. We routinely rely upon third-party providers whose products and services are used in our business, and these providers also face other security challenges common to all parties that collect and process information. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations. These preventative actions require the investment of significant resources and management time and attention. If we are unable to take advantage of technological developments on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services or face challenges in implementing or evolving our business strategy. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing service offerings, and introduce new offerings to meet our current and potential customers' changing service demands. Enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5G network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks—those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own—to provide and support our service offerings. We are currently integrating, upgrading, and replacing many of our existing applications and systems, including numerous legacy systems from previous acquisitions. This process is complex and involves challenges in integrating and modernizing outdated IT infrastructure within a limited timeframe. The success of these efforts depends on the effective allocation of resources, expansion of our technology development capabilities, leveraging artificial intelligence and emerging technologies, and ensuring access to subject-matter experts. Any delays or failures in these initiatives could impact our ability to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, ensure reliable system performance and effective cybersecurity, recover promptly from system outages, and maintain satisfactory customer and employee experiences. We expect to continue incurring significant costs, expenses, and fees to track, monitor, comply with, and fulfill our obligations under government commitments over a number of years. Our business may be adversely impacted if we are not able to successfully manage the ongoing arrangements entered into in connection with the prepaid transaction and known or unknown liabilities arising in connection therewith. We may pursue acquisitions of, investments in, or mergers with other companies, or the acquisition of technologies, services, products, or other assets, that we believe would complement or expand our business. Any such transaction would involve a number of risks and could present financial, managerial, and operational challenges, including diversion of management attention from running our existing business and increased costs to integrate the networks, spectrum, technology, personnel, customer base, and business practices of the company involved in any such transaction with our business.