Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, ransomware, malware, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, nation-state espionage, employee malfeasance, or human error. These events could, among other things, compromise our information technology networks; result in corrupt or lost data or the unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information; cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations (including our online services, platforms and transactions); result in the release of personal data; or cause us to incur costs associated with increased protection, remediation, regulatory inquiries or penalties, or claims for damages, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity or other threats to our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, suppliers and other third parties are frequent, increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving, thereby making them more difficult to detect, mitigate and defend against. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. We manufacture products with the intent to provide high levels of customer service. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. In some cases, we might not realize a return or the expected return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. Further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute to our operating results until at least a few years after they are completed. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel as well as the contributions and effective succession of senior management and other key employees. Skilled and experienced personnel in our industry, including engineering, management, sales, technical and staff personnel, are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain, train and recruit the key engineering, management and technical personnel that we require to execute our business strategy. Our ability to recruit internationally or deploy employees to various locations may be limited by immigration laws and policies, including changes to, or the administration or interpretation of, those laws and policies. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Additionally, our costs may increase if one or more of our customers demand that we change the sourcing of materials we cannot identify as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies, install manufacturing equipment or secure necessary personnel for manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations. We have made and will continue to make significant investments in manufacturing capacity, and we might not realize our expected return on those investments. We subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties (including contractors and other service providers) to support key portions of our operations (including manufacturing operations and advanced logic manufacturing process technology development) and to construct our facilities.