We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third-parties. If we do not have sufficient capital or do not deploy sufficient capital in a timely manner to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a rail service outage or competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data; however, we have experienced and will likely continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. A cyber incident that results in significant service interruption, safety failure, operational difficulties, unauthorized access to critical data or systems, loss of customers, financial losses, regulatory fines, reputational harm, or misuse or corruption of critical data could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are subject to cybersecurity risks, and due to the rising numbers and increasing sophistication of cyber-attacks, we may be unable to anticipate or implement adequate measures to prevent a security breach from materially affecting our systems or the systems of third-parties upon which we rely. Our ability to quickly react to factors affecting our ability to attract and retain employees may be restricted due to limited flexibility to make unilateral changes to collective bargaining agreements, which cover the majority of our workforce. We continue to work to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason by carrying a resource buffer. We are committed to delivering the service we sold to our customers and will engage with customers to understand how we win together. Our operating practices command center will help position us to implement predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions in addition to assisting employees with understanding best practices for handling trains. We plan to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, improve or close crossings, and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs, industry programs, and local community activities across the network. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, certain ramps to efficiently handle volumes from new and existing intermodal customers, continued modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.4 billion, down 8% from 2023, and may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and their impact on our ability to generate cash. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability, and deterioration of our operating results or financial condition could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity.