Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to various risk factors that could adversely affect our operations, performance, and financial condition. The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future investments or acquisitions, and integration of acquisitions may disrupt our business and management. The potential costs and delays incurred as a result of adapting our solutions to new devices or operating systems may harm our business. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including government actions, trade tensions, and restrictions on foreign investments. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our systems or third-party hosted services could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, and loss of critical data. The occurrence of catastrophic events, including global pandemics, may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate risks to our data, systems, and networks. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities, but these vulnerabilities cannot be totally eliminated. The costs to prevent or mitigate cyber or other security problems are significant, and our efforts may not be successful or timely enough to prevent unauthorized access. Our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction, is critical to our success. However, as we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel essential to our future success. We face various risks associated with operating as a multinational corporation, including international and regional economic, political, and labor conditions. Our operations have been and may continue to be negatively affected by external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. The adverse effects of any catastrophic event would be exacerbated if experienced simultaneously with another unexpected event. We recognize that climate change may have a long-term impact on our business, and we seek to partner with organizations that mitigate their business risks associated with climate change. Our ability to manage critical strategic third-party business relationships is increasingly valuable, and any termination or inability to renew these relationships could harm our business. The complexity of our sales cycles, particularly for enterprise offerings, makes it difficult to predict when a given sales cycle will close, which could impact our results of operations. Our reliance on third-party customer service and technical support providers presents risks to our business, as we may not be able to influence the quality of support directly. We may also experience higher compensation costs to retain senior management and experienced personnel, which may not be offset by improved productivity or increased sales.