We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics and environmental regulations. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on built and stored 787 aircraft. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of the lingering impacts of COVID-19, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense-related programs with the United States Department of Defense. Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials and other components. We rely on other companies to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities. If one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. We are subject to various U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and wastes. We may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. Increasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance expectations, physical and transition risks associated with climate change, emerging ESG regulation, contractual requirements, and policy requirements may pose risk to our market outlook, brand and reputation, financial outlook, cost of capital, global supply chain and production continuity, which may impact our ability to achieve long-term business objectives. We expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. We anticipate that these credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as back-up liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs.