The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, particularly through disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities, which could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and are negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes and preferences could negatively affect our relationship with our members. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences, and if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory or experience out-of-stock positions. The availability and performance of our information technology systems are vital to our business, and failure to successfully execute IT projects could adversely impact our operations. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects, and the failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. It is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations. Increased security threats and sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services, and the potential impacts of a material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, resulting in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, and disruptions to our IT systems. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations in many respects, including supply chain operations and our ability to predict future performance. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, and government regulations limiting carbon dioxide emissions may increase compliance costs. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and our ability to attract, train, and retain highly qualified employees is essential for maintaining operational continuity. We must adapt our business to changes in the competitive landscape and consumer expectations, and our investments in technology and operational management are critical for sustaining our organizational resilience in the face of these challenges.