Our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development efforts. We face risks related to our supply and distribution, which may result in product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. We also remain subject to significant public attention and scrutiny over the complex decisions made regarding clinical data, supply, allocation, distribution and pricing, all of which affects our corporate reputation. We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and, consequently, the wholesalers' orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, our business will be adversely impacted. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We face numerous risks and uncertainties with our clinical trials that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates. Our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Actual or threatened outbreaks may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The impact of an outbreak or other public health crisis on our results of operations and financial condition would depend on numerous evolving factors, but could involve higher operating expenses, lower demand for our products as a result of governmental, business and individuals' actions taken in response to such an event, challenges associated with the safety of our employees and safe occupancy of our job sites, and financial market volatility and significant macroeconomic uncertainty in global markets. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. Our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic and other risks. We are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions. Our ability to achieve any goal or objective, including with respect to environmental and diversity initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. If our practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted.