Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. These risks may be amplified by the effects of global developments, conditions, or events like inflationary pressures, the Russia-Ukraine war, and the COVID-19 pandemic, which have caused significant global economic instability and uncertainty. The complexity of resuming operations under a hybrid workplace model may adversely impact the productivity, health, and well-being of our workforce and exacerbate security and execution risks that could cause us to lose the confidence of our customers and government agencies and harm our revenues and earnings. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions. Our ability to effectively utilize our customers' data to provide them with value or develop and clearly demonstrate the value of new or upgraded products or services to our customers is critical, as failure to do so may harm our revenues. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions daily, and any errors or misappropriations could harm our reputation and financial results. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are increasingly dependent on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology and communications systems and those of our external service providers. Our corporate headquarters and other critical business operations are located near major seismic faults, and in the event of a major natural or man-made disaster, our insurance coverage may not completely compensate us for our losses. We have invested resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms, and should these investments not succeed, or if delays disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. The business operations of our third-party partners have been and could continue to be disrupted by global events, including the Russia-Ukraine war and the COVID-19 pandemic. If our third-party partners are unable to help us operate our business, our business and financial results may be negatively impacted. Our ability to achieve our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) goals is subject to numerous risks that may be outside of our control, and our failure to achieve these goals could harm our reputation and adversely impact our ability to attract and retain employees or customers. The ongoing occurrence of cyberattacks and data breaches indicates that we operate in an external environment where such incidents are becoming increasingly common, and if the global cybersecurity environment worsens, it could damage our reputation and deter current and potential customers from adopting our products and services. Our international operations are subject to increased risks, including geopolitical events and compliance with various laws and regulations, which may result in fines, criminal actions, or sanctions against us. The risks inherent in our international operations and expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and may result in harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition.