Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. The COVID-19 pandemic has previously had, and may in the future have, a significant adverse impact on our advertising revenue and also exposes our business to other risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement. We have experienced fluctuations and declines in the size of our active user base in one or more markets from time to time. For example, in connection with the war in Ukraine, access to Facebook and Instagram was restricted in Russia, which adversely affected user growth and engagement. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and to create successful new products. We are also making significant investments in artificial intelligence initiatives, including to recommend relevant unconnected content across our products, enhance our advertising tools, and develop new product features. We have implemented, and we will continue to implement, changes to our user data practices, which reduce our ability to effectively target ads, and these changes have had, and may in the future have, the effect of reducing time spent and some measures of user engagement with our products. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are also subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing business internationally, including political, social, or economic instability, and risks related to legal, regulatory, and other government scrutiny applicable to U.S. companies with sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We are continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of our developers with our desire to provide an optimal user experience, and we may not be successful in achieving a balance that continues to attract and retain such developers. We have also made, and we expect to continue to make, other changes to our products which may adversely affect the distribution of content of publishers, marketers, and developers, and could reduce their incentive to invest in their efforts on our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate our acquisitions, and we incur significant costs to integrate and support the companies we acquire. If we fail to successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed.