The company is subject to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, cash flow, financial condition, or prospects. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and related global disruptions could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company is working cross-functionally across the globe to monitor and mitigate interruptions to business continuity resulting from the war, including its impact on the company's supply chain, operations, and clinical trials. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. Unfavorable or uncertain economic conditions, together with cost-reduction measures being taken by certain governments, could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company faces continued pricing pressure with respect to its products, which could negatively affect the company's sales and profit margins. The company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products, and the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that lose patent protection. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's success is dependent on the successful development and marketing of new products, which are subject to substantial risks. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure and could be a target of future cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to replace outmoded technology and improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition; the use of which can create new risks. The company has been taking steps to increase its sales in emerging markets; however, there is no guarantee that the company's efforts to expand sales in these markets will succeed. The company may experience difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain of its products, including vaccines. The company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company is also monitoring its legal defense costs and reviewing the adequacy of the associated reserves and may determine to increase the reserves at any time in the future if it believes it would be appropriate to do so. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, and the company is also using its resources to help alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine, including through donations of funds and products.