Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We embrace cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. The success of our cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, and our ability to adapt to these competitive pressures is critical for maintaining our market position. The markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive, and our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks, and we are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to meet our business objectives. If we are not effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. The occurrence of regional epidemics or a global pandemic may adversely affect our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or IT systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations. We may experience quality or supply problems, and our hardware products are highly complex and can have defects in design, manufacture, or associated software. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. We must account for the wide variation of technical sophistication when defining default settings for our products and services. The development and deployment of defensive measures to defend against security threats to our internal IT systems, our cloud-based services, and our customers' systems are essential for maintaining operational continuity. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. Our investments in products and services may not achieve expected returns, and we may not achieve significant revenue from new product, service, and distribution channel investments for several years, if at all.