If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services. As we scale our streaming service and introduce new features, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines, including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which requires significant resources and management attention. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our business, increased our costs, led to delays in content releases and may again impact our business and results of operations. Future disruptions arising from the ongoing and any new pandemics could have a significant negative impact on our costs of doing business and otherwise negatively impact our results of operations. We will continue to actively monitor the issues raised by the COVID-19 pandemic and may take further actions that alter our business operations, including content production, as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will be adversely affected. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain members. We may face potential liability or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. We could also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. We are subject to payment processing risk. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses. We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention. If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members. Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights from third parties upon terms acceptable to us. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member acquisition and retention may be adversely affected. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and enjoyment could be negatively impacted. We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members. We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders. We may not be able to obtain such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and the market segments in which we operate.