Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, which could harm our operations and results. The situation is changing rapidly, and additional impacts may arise that we are not currently aware of. We have taken measures intended to mitigate the spread of the virus and minimize the risk to our employees, channel partners, end-customers, and the communities in which we operate. We instituted a global work-from-home policy and have modified it to allow employees to choose to work from home or in the office for a set number of days per week. These precautionary measures could negatively affect our customer success efforts, sales and marketing efforts, delay and lengthen our sales cycles, and create operational challenges. The pandemic has caused various negative effects, including an inability to meet with existing or potential end-customers, increased requests for delayed payment terms, and changes in the demand for our products, which has caused us to reprioritize our engineering and research and development efforts. Our operations have experienced growth, and if we do not effectively manage future growth or improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. We must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, operational and administrative systems, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes efficiently. Failure to manage growth effectively could result in increased costs, disrupt existing end-customer relationships, or harm our business performance. Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We operate globally, and our business and revenues are impacted by global economic and geopolitical conditions. The instability in the global credit markets, inflation, shortages and delays related to global supply chain challenges, and geopolitical turmoil continue to add uncertainty to global economic conditions. Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we have a history of losses, which could cause our business, financial condition, and operating results to suffer. We rely on revenue from subscription and support offerings, and downturns or upturns in sales of these offerings are not immediately reflected in our operating results. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services, and failure to offer high-quality support could have a material adverse effect on customer satisfaction and our operating results. We face intense competition in our market, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our reliance on manufacturing partners exposes us to risks, including manufacturing and logistics delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping customer orders on time. We are susceptible to supply shortages or changes, which have disrupted or delayed our scheduled product deliveries. Our ability to navigate these challenges is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and ensuring our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and uncertainties.