The ongoing conflict in Ukraine has resulted in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, which has adversely affected demand for our products and our global business. The conflict has led to supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents, and reputational risks, which can impact our ability to achieve certain sustainability goals. Our business operations, including our supply chain, are subject to disruption by natural disasters, pandemics, or other events beyond our control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our crisis management plans do not effectively mitigate these issues. We continue to monitor the economic, operating, and political environment in developing and emerging markets closely, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks that evolve over time, and we leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor, and communicate these risks across the company's operations. Our board has oversight responsibility for this integrated risk management framework, which includes regular updates from management regarding the company's top risks, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, and supply chain and commodity inflation. Our reliance on third-party service providers can have an adverse effect on our business, and we must maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials. The retail landscape continues to evolve, and we must identify actions to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities to effectively distribute our products through existing and emerging channels of trade. We are also working to build a circular and inclusive value chain through actions aimed at achieving net-zero emissions and becoming net water positive, which reflects our commitment to sustainability and operational flexibility. Our strategic initiatives focus on evolving our portfolio of products to better meet consumer needs and preferences, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in a rapidly changing market. We have experienced significantly higher operating costs, including on transportation, labor, and commodity costs, which we expect to continue, and we manage this risk through fixed-price contracts and pricing agreements. The impact of climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters, which could disrupt our supply chain or impair our production capabilities. We continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations to consider actions we may take to mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our business. Our ability to attract, develop, and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce is critical to our success, and challenges in the labor market can adversely affect our competitive advantage. Any inability to effectively respond to changes in consumer preferences and trends can lead to reduced demand for our products and erode our financial position, highlighting the importance of adaptability and resilience in our operations.