The outbreak of the global COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 has created significant societal and economic disruption, resulting in closures of stores, factories, and offices, and restrictions on manufacturing, distribution, and travel, all of which have and may continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial position. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities. The likelihood of retaliatory action by the Russian government against companies, including us, as a result of actions and statements made in response to the Russian invasion, including the possibility of legal action against us or our employees or nationalization of foreign businesses or assets, is impossible to predict. The conflict may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in this form 10-K, any of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. Significant regulatory developments will continue to take place over the next few years in most of our markets, driven principally by the Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Our financial results could be materially affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands. We may be unsuccessful in our attempts to introduce reduced-risk products, and regulators may not permit the commercialization of these products or the communication of scientifically substantiated information and claims. Our key strategic priorities are to develop and commercialize products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to those products versus continued smoking. The impact of this lower predictability on our projected results for a specific period may be significant, particularly during the early stages of this new product category, during the COVID-19 pandemic as a result of unpredictability due to shortage of key components in our supply chain, or due to geopolitical or macroeconomic events that negatively impact reduced-risk product availability or adoption. We are subject to significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards might not always be effective to fully mitigate their impact. We recognize that there are inherent climate-related risks wherever business is conducted. Among other potential impacts, climate change could influence the quality and volume of the agricultural products we rely on, including tobacco, due to a number of factors beyond our control, including more frequent variations in weather patterns, extreme weather events causing unexpected downtime and inventory losses, and governmental restrictions on trade. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate, and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. We are continuously assessing the evolving situation in Russia, including recent regulatory constraints in the market that entail very complex terms and conditions that must be met for any divestment transaction to be granted approval by the authorities. The broader consequences of the invasion are also impossible to predict, but could include reputational consequences, further sanctions, financial or currency restrictions, punitive tax law changes, embargoes, regional instability, and geopolitical shifts as well as adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, security conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets.