We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our business can be adversely affected by the general environment, including economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments. Deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reduction in interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources. We rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue, and significant changes in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident, we maintain a backup and recovery infrastructure, including facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses due to operational failures or errors. Our risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation. We have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. Our liquidity needs are primarily driven by client activity, including trading and margin lending activities, and capital expenditures. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. We have established limits and contingency funding plans to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions. Our comprehensive risk management program is designed to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our systems and those of other financial institutions have been and will continue to be the target of cyber attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, or destruction of data. We also face risks related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' personal information. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. We maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, yet violations could occur. The integration of td ameritrade has added complexity to our operations, and we continue to evaluate new or changed risks impacting the combined company. We expect to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs and integration-related capital expenditures throughout the integration process. The success of our td ameritrade acquisition will depend on our ability to realize anticipated cost savings and other benefits from integrating the businesses, which is subject to various risks.