This report contains statements that are not historical facts and are considered "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on certain suppliers to secure raw materials, components, and finished devices, exposing us to product shortages and unanticipated increases in prices. We have experienced limited product availability due to the electronic components shortage, and if this persists, we may not be able to obtain necessary components on a timely basis. Our reliance on sole-source suppliers could hinder our ability to manufacture products during periods of unavailability. The market has experienced increasing inflationary pressures due to global supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and other impacts following the COVID-19 pandemic, which we expect will continue. Inflation may cause our customers to reduce or delay orders for our products, adversely impacting our sales and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry where new business models and products are introduced continuously, and our existing products could be rendered obsolete by technological advances. We seek to maintain close working relationships with healthcare professionals who assist in product research and development; if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our ability to develop and sell new products could be adversely affected. Our global operations face risks including changes in reimbursement, regulatory requirements, and political and economic instability, which could impact our ability to manage these risks effectively in an increasingly volatile environment. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in significant volatility and disruptions to global markets, which may adversely affect our business. We may be unable to capitalize on previous or future acquisitions due to the inherent risks associated with integrating new businesses and the potential diversion of management focus. We rely extensively on information technology systems, which face evolving cybersecurity threats that pose risks to the security of our operations. An inability to manage the implementation of our new commercial global ERP system could adversely affect our operations. We may be unable to attract and retain key employees due to ongoing inflationary pressures and other macroeconomic factors, which could harm our ability to meet strategic business objectives. Interruption of manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business, and damage to our facilities or those of our suppliers could impact product availability. The COVID-19 pandemic has materially affected our operations and may continue to do so, leading to delays and shortages in the supply of components or materials. We have experienced an unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain products has shifted. The impact of the pandemic on our business will depend on future developments, including potential resurgences and the successful development of vaccines. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, and failure to comply could result in significant penalties. Our financial condition continues to be of high quality, evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and access capital markets, despite the current macroeconomic environment. We maintain a cash management strategy that considers liquidity management, economic factors, and tax considerations.