We are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Our global operations expose us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. Geopolitical tensions may impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, receive manufacturing equipment or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We remain cautious about how the economy might behave for the next few years and continue to monitor potential impact on our operations. During this time, we will continue to manage our operating plan and expenses with a steady hand as we focus on long-term investments to strengthen our competitive advantages. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing products. We believe that our business model with the combined effect of our four competitive advantages sets us apart from our peers and will for a long time to come. We will invest to strengthen our competitive advantages, be disciplined in capital allocation and stay diligent in our pursuit of efficiencies. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. We also have a variable-rate, revolving credit facility. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Increased focus from government authorities, investors, customers and other key stakeholders on environmental, social and governance matters has led to new and more stringent reporting standards and disclosure requirements. Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters. Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations.