The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continue to work to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. Although we cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity, we strive to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource availability, including actively hiring additional train, engine, and yard employees. Our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, and improve operational performance are ongoing. We are dedicated to maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, and we will continue using a comprehensive safety management system approach utilizing technology, hazard identification and risk assessments, employee engagement, training, quality control, and targeted capital investments. We have been and expect to continue to be in compliance with our debt covenants, and we maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility, to meet foreseeable cash requirements. Our capital plan includes investments to support our growth strategy, harden our infrastructure, replace older assets, and improve the safety and resilience of the network. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We are also exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena that can adversely affect our entire rail network, potentially negatively affecting revenues, costs, and liabilities. Our ability to quickly react to factors that affect our ability to attract and retain employees may be restricted due to limited flexibility to make unilateral changes to collective bargaining agreements. We are subject to cybersecurity risks, and despite devoting significant resources to protect our technology systems, we may experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and significant and sustained interruptions of trade with Mexico, Canada, or countries in Southeast Asia could adversely affect our customers and other entities that rely on rail transportation services in the U.S. as part of their operations. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been adversely affected, and in the future, could be materially adversely affected by pandemics or other public health crises. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity and analyzing a wide range of economic scenarios and their impact on our ability to generate cash. We expect to generate strong cash flow from operating activities, allowing us to continue our industry-leading dividend payout ratio and commit excess cash to our share repurchase programs. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We will continue to adapt to the evolving environment due to COVID and other illnesses, refining our safety procedures and policies based on guidelines from health authorities. Our focus remains on providing consistent and reliable service, efficiently managing operations, seeking new business opportunities, and protecting our employees, customers, and communities.