Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies, and the integration following any such acquisition may disrupt our business and management. Our ability to attract collaborators or external funding for the development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates may be limited. We depend on third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials. We may not be able to maintain our third-party relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We rely on third parties to conduct pre-clinical work, clinical trials, and other activities, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet established deadlines for the completion of such studies and/or trials or failing to satisfy regulatory requirements. Our business also requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products. We have developed internal capabilities to supply product candidates for use in our clinical trials as well as our medicines for commercial sale. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of causal human biology and the science of therapeutics to discover and develop innovative medicines. We believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in product development and may provide product candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our products and product candidates. We have invested significant resources in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of cell and genetic therapies. The successful development of our product candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our medicines treat life-threatening conditions and address relatively small patient populations, and our research and development programs are primarily focused on developing medicines to treat similar diseases. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and, ultimately, pipeline therapies, in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. Our ability to continue to commercialize our products and achieve our research and development objectives depends on our ability to respond effectively to these demands. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises. However, if we are unable to fully implement our business continuity plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities. We monitor local COVID-19 trends and government guidance for each of our site locations and utilize a site-specific approach to assess and permit employee access to our sites. The COVID-19 pandemic has added further complexity to the processing of personal data. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business.