Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a material effect on our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading, and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures; however, there can be no assurance that none of our employees, consultants, or agents will take actions in violation of our policies, for which we may be ultimately responsible. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. If we fail to adapt our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We believe that our efforts during the fiscal year, in conjunction with our service alignment initiative announced in July, positions us well as we head into fiscal 2017. We are focused on driving product innovation, enhancing our distribution and service capabilities, and assisting our clients with their needs in the face of ever-increasing regulatory complexity. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $3.2 billion. We are dependent upon various large banks to execute electronic payments and wire transfers as part of our client payroll, tax, and other money movement services. While we have contingency plans in place for bank failures, a systemic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, and the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows. Our focus on product innovation, the high demand for additional solutions, and continued positive economic growth led our sales force to deliver strong new business bookings. We have programs in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and are increasingly complex, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments and employing short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. We believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances and available borrowings under our commercial paper program. The reduced availability of financing during periods of economic turmoil may limit our ability to access short-term debt markets to meet the liquidity needs of our business.