We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, which places significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources. Our expansion increases the complexity of our business, and we may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation and limit our growth. Our expansion into new products, services, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional business, legal, financial, and competitive risks, and we may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with laws affecting trade and foreign investment. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, and manage required personnel, which may limit our international growth. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Our computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by various events, which could cause system interruptions, delays, and loss of critical data. We face significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, and changes in consumer demand. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers is crucial, and we may not adequately predict customer demand or manage our fulfillment network effectively. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory and completed orders, and any difficulties could negatively impact our operating results. Our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in making, integrating, and maintaining commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, and inventory management. Our present and future e-commerce services agreements create additional risks such as disruption of our ongoing business and variability in revenue. Our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are pledged as collateral for standby and trade letters of credit, guarantees, debt, and real estate leases. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or restructure our debt for strategic reasons. The loss of key senior management personnel could negatively affect our business, and we depend on our senior management and other key personnel. We have developed systems and processes designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss, but such measures cannot provide absolute security. We may be subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements, and if we fail to comply, we could be subject to penalties or forced to cease providing certain services. Our effective tax rate is subject to significant variation due to several factors, including changes in how we do business, acquisitions, and audit-related developments. The protection of our intellectual property may require significant financial and managerial resources, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights.