Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and other energy costs, and the volatility and strength of the capital markets all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. An economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, lower demand for credit, lower corporate earnings, or lower business investment is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. We expect expenses such as card member rewards and card member services expenses to continue to increase as we improve our value propositions for card members, including in response to increased competition. We may also face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we expand into new business areas and may need to dedicate more expense, time, and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We are exposed to risks associated with industries representing a significant portion of our billed business, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations, and alliances of our partners. Our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. The loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. We are subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk, and reputational risk. Our operational risk management process defines operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. Our information security program and operating model are designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. Our liquidity risk policy establishes the framework that guides and governs liquidity risk management. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities, and asset securitization conduit facilities.