Our commercial airplanes business depends heavily on commercial airlines, and is subject to unique risks. Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological changes, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, epidemics, and environmental regulations. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally, or in the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability, and cash flows. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. If production rate ramp-up efforts at any of our commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed, if other production rate changes result in significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules, and the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. Business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. Any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation, or improper use of our data, information systems, or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses, and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of Boeing and of our products and services. We cannot predict how stable our relationships with labor organizations will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions' requirements without impacting our financial condition. Work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and cause a loss of revenues that would adversely affect our operations. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks.