The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions and economic conditions in the industries we serve. The demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical and can be significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment. A prolonged period of economic weakness may also result in increased expenses due to higher allowances for doubtful accounts and potential goodwill and asset impairment charges. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may in the future also lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers. Reduced capital expenditures by our customers are likely to lead to a decrease in the demand for our products and may also result in a decrease in demand for aftermarket parts as customers are likely to extend preventative maintenance schedules and delay major overhauls when possible. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control in the countries in which we operate. Our business could be negatively impacted by adverse fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. Unexpected events could result in physical damage to and complete or partial closure of one or more of our manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, disruption in the transport of our products to dealers and end-users, and delay in the delivery of our products to our distribution centers. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency, and cash flow and to reduce costs, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations, and financial condition. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from cost-reduction initiatives, cash flow improvement initiatives, and efficiency or productivity initiatives. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity, and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions. Failure to realize anticipated savings or benefits from our cost reduction actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flows. We believe that the slow pace of improvement in the mining industry will be due to a large amount of equipment currently idled, particularly large mining trucks, which will be redeployed as end-user demand increases. We do not expect a dramatic increase in commodity prices, dampening the rate of growth in mining production and demand for our products. We believe we have adequate resources to fund our employee benefit plans. Our strategy for both the U.S. and the non-U.S. pensions includes ongoing alignment of our investments to our liabilities while reducing risk in our portfolio. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit.