In addition to the other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the factors discussed below, which are the risks we believe are material at this time. Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. The shifts in market trading patterns we experienced as a result of the financial disturbance of 2008 may or may not recur in the future, and our business will be affected by future economic uncertainties which may result in decreased trading volume and a more difficult business environment for us. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. Compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and other reforms of the financial services industry. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans and established backup sites, in the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume, and result in substantial liabilities. Our role as a leading derivatives marketplace and the operation of our CME Globex electronic trading platform may place us at greater risk for misappropriation of our intellectual property. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, which may materially harm our business. Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected if we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy. We depend on a number of suppliers for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business, including revenues derived from our customers' trading activity. Our clearing house operations expose us to substantial credit risk of our third-party clearing firms and, consequently, a diminishment in their financial resources could adversely affect us. The ultimate impact of Brexit on the relevant law and scope of regulation applicable to our U.K. operations and to our European expansion is unclear and is contingent upon the terms of withdrawal and the ongoing relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union.