Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Extended periods of low prices for crude oil can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions, and asset sales that are intended to compensate for such downturns. The company's business subjects it to liability risks from litigation or government action, which could result in significant delays in operations arising from private litigation or government action. The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident or series of incidents causing catastrophic loss. As a result, the company is, to a substantial extent, self-insured for such events. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, as actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses or to impose additional taxes or royalties. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in its forecasts, which reflect long-range effects from renewable fuel penetration, energy efficiency standards, climate-related policy actions, and demand response to oil and natural gas prices. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions-related agreements, legislation, and measures on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include impairments to property, plant, and equipment; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; and accruals for estimated liabilities. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and it is essential for the company to identify and mitigate these risks to maintain operational continuity and resilience in the face of adversity.