In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations, the most significant factors affecting our operations include changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions which could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute entertainment offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. Moreover, we must often invest substantial amounts in film production and other offerings before we learn the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. Changes in technology and consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our entertainment products, the revenue we can generate from these products, or the cost of producing or distributing products. The media entertainment and internet businesses increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. In order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and implement changes to our business models, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. The environment for travel and tourism can be significantly adversely affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, health concerns, international political developments, and terrorist attacks. These events may damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage. We derive royalties from the sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties and are dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, but these are subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions, and limits of liability. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring may increase our costs or otherwise affect profitability. External events including changing technology and changing consumer patterns may impair the value of our assets. We may incur costs to change our business strategy and may need to write down the value of assets. The company is subject to risks associated with labor disputes, which may disrupt operations and adversely affect profitability. The seasonality of certain businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on operations, particularly if a short-term negative impact occurs during a time of high seasonal demand. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control.