The health care reform and associated regulations are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Effectively adapting to the risk adjustment provisions has required us to modify our operational and strategic initiatives to focus on and manage different populations of potential members than we have in the past. If we are not able to successfully design and implement operational and strategic initiatives to adapt to these changes in certain of our markets, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have dedicated material resources and incurred material expenses to implement and comply with health care reform at both the federal and state levels, including significant investments in new products, services, and technologies, and we expect to dedicate material resources and incur material expenses going forward to implement and comply with future regulations that provide guidance and clarification on significant portions of the legislation. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting health care costs and on our ability to manage future health care costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. We continually negotiate with hospitals and physicians to manage these cost trends. We remain committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current and future needs, integrating and engaging employees who have joined us through acquisitions and achieving productivity gains from our investment in technology. We face intense competition to attract and retain employees. Our inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, and strategic alliances, and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. However, some of the acquired businesses may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings, or cash flow, business opportunities, synergies, growth prospects, and other anticipated benefits. The integration process could result in a disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, tax costs, or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures, and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees, or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition and could harm our financial performance. We are subject to significant government regulation, and changes in the regulation of our business by federal and state regulators may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. We are regularly subject to audits of our Medicare Advantage plans to validate the diagnostic data and patient claims, as well as audits of our Medicare Part D plans by the Medicare Part D recovery audit contractor. These audits could result in retrospective adjustments in payments made to our health plans. Our future obligations for state guaranty association assessments could increase in the event of increased insolvencies of health insurance plans. We are also involved in, or may in the future be party to, pending or threatened litigation that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. The existence of multiple public insurance exchange options has led to increased uncertainties and made our planning for the public exchanges more difficult as we are required to comply with the varying rules of multiple exchanges.