We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can negatively impact client activity, which adversely affects many of our businesses. We employ a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance, and legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes, and other mechanisms to monitor and control our risk exposure. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions and underwriting activities with our exposure to potential losses. The models we use to assess and control our risk exposures reflect assumptions about the degrees of correlation among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators. In times of market stress, previously uncorrelated indicators may become correlated, limiting the effectiveness of our hedging strategies and causing us to incur significant losses. We may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. We must continuously update our systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets. A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could impair our liquidity, disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and cause losses. We regularly assess our policies and procedures that address conflicts of interest to conduct our business in accordance with the highest ethical standards. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties. We maintain a viable contingency funding plan to respond to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. Our contingency funding plan outlines key reports and metrics that are reviewed on an ongoing basis to assist in assessing the severity of a liquidity crisis. We conduct various scenario analyses to determine the effect of hypothetical stress scenarios on the firm. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize our exposure to operational risk, which includes inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems. We have established policies that require our revenue-producing units and independent control and support functions to report and escalate operational risk events. Our operational risk management framework comprises risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, and risk monitoring and reporting. We regularly perform stress tests to calculate credit exposures and potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. We seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our liquidity position is supported by our global core liquid assets, which we maintain to meet potential cash and collateral needs during a stressed environment.