The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains, although client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. The company needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships to capture emerging growth opportunities. The company is exposed to various risks, including political, social, legal, and economic risks from evolving governmental policy, inadequate infrastructure, creditworthiness of customers and business partners, labor disruption, and corruption, which could impact its ability to meet growth objectives and deliver to clients globally. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. Cyber attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services, financial loss, injury to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to factors such as the introduction of new products and services, competition in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of sales cycles. The company is a globally integrated entity, operating in over 175 countries worldwide, and changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which it operates could affect its business and overall results of operations. The company could incur substantial costs for environmental matters and is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection. The company's financial performance could be negatively impacted by its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, as adverse financial market conditions may affect the value of the company's pension trust assets and future estimated pension liabilities. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or fraud. The company depends on skilled personnel, and competition for their talents is intense, which may result in a loss of or insufficient knowledge and skills. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from numerous suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses. The company has rigorous quality control standards to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. The company is involved in various ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters, and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, although legal and compliance risks will continue to exist. The company's ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations and the various risks described.