The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. However, some of the proposed rules have yet to be implemented and some rules that have already been propagated are being reconsidered. As this is established, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. As a result, it is difficult to predict all of the effects that the legislation and its implementing regulations will have on us. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 57% in 2016. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings and other revenues. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. In recent years, financial institutions and corporations have acted to control spending, including on financial information and related services. Yet many of the data products and services we sell are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. While we expect that cost containment pressures will continue, we anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands; greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets; the development of new data products; the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity; new entrants; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our trading and clearing segment operating expenses decreased $35 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, from the comparable period in 2015, and decreased $96 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, from the comparable period in 2014. The operating income and operating margin increases the last two years were driven by the revenue increases and operating expense decreases discussed above. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions and other investments. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. The increases in agricultural volume were primarily driven by increased price volatility due to changing supply and demand expectations largely related to weather and production levels. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies.