This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our expectations and beliefs about the future conduct and growth of the business, including our belief that we take prudent measures to mitigate investment-related risks. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. Our future growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access consumer software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We have invested significant resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We are in the process of updating our customer-facing applications and the supporting information technology infrastructure to meet our customers' expectations for continuous service availability. Any difficulties in upgrading these applications or infrastructure or failure of our systems or those of our third-party service providers may result in interruptions in our service, which may reduce our revenues and profits, cause us to lose customers, and damage our reputation. We have also started to increasingly utilize the distribution platforms of third parties for the distribution of certain of our product offerings, and any adverse changes by these third parties could adversely affect our financial results. Our operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors, and other service providers to take and fulfill customer orders, handle customer service requests, and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems may prevent us from accepting and fulfilling customer orders or cause company and customer data to be unintentionally disclosed. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems may be costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business, and any proceedings, claims, or inquiries initiated by or against us may be time-consuming and result in costly litigation or require us to change our business practices or products. Adverse global economic conditions could harm our business and financial condition, as challenging economic times could cause potential new customers not to purchase or delay purchasing our products and services. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms, and if our investments do not succeed, or if delays or other issues disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies, and our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities.