JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. The firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate, although there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as expose the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or losses not covered by insurance. The firm's businesses are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of individuals, which can increase the firm's operating costs, impact the development of new products or services, and require significant oversight by management. The firm may not be able to ensure that all of its clients, suppliers, counterparties, and other third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information exchanged between them and the firm. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm, with established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. However, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that the firm has not appropriately anticipated or identified. The firm relies on data to aggregate and assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of the firm's data aggregation and validation procedures could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. The firm's operations are subject to risk of loss from unfavorable economic, monetary, and political developments in the U.S. and around the world, which could adversely affect the firm's competitive standing and its earnings and future results of operations. The firm must comply with economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by OFAC and similar multinational bodies and governmental agencies outside the U.S., and a violation of a sanction or embargo program could subject the firm to regulatory enforcement actions as well as significant civil and criminal penalties. The firm's ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to its success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The firm endeavors to attract talented and diverse new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. If the firm were unable to continue to attract or retain qualified employees, including successors to the chief executive officer or members of the operating committee, the firm's performance, including its competitive position, could be materially and adversely affected. The firm's strategies concerning the products and services that it will offer, the geographies in which it will operate, and the methods and distribution channels by which it will offer its products and services will all affect the firm's competitive standing and its results of operations. The firm regularly monitors various segments of its exposures to assess potential concentration or contagion risks, and the firm's efforts to diversify or hedge its exposures against concentration risks may not be successful.