Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected by various factors, including difficult market conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We attempt to mitigate known risks to the extent we believe practicable and reasonable, but we provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009, and more recent volatility, has provoked significant fluctuations in securities prices and contraction in the availability of credit, adversely affecting our businesses and those of the companies in which we invest. The lingering effects of the 2008 global financial crisis have led to increasing political uncertainty and unpredictability, which could materially affect our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic events throughout the world, including interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, and changes in laws. Low levels of growth and high levels of government debt in major markets, including the United States and Europe, persist, and the potential for further economic instability remains. Our ability to raise or deploy capital could be negatively impacted by these conditions, which could lead to reduced net income and cash flow. During periods of unfavorable market conditions, companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing. Negative financial results in our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, materially affecting our operating results and cash flow. Our liquidity requirements are significant, and adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect our sources of liquidity. We expect our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to grow our business, fund capital commitments, and service debt obligations. We may also be required to fund various underwriting and fronting commitments in our capital markets business. Our growth strategy involves expanding into new investment strategies and geographic markets, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and data processing systems, and any disruption in these systems could result in financial loss or reputational damage. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of business, and we may face numerous risks and uncertainties in doing so. Our investment management activities involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time or lose some or all of the capital invested. The complexity of our structures and the regulatory environment may impose additional burdens and costs, potentially affecting our ability to raise capital and execute our business strategy successfully. Our ability to recruit, retain, and motivate key personnel is crucial to our success, and any failure in this regard could adversely affect our business. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration and alignment of interests with fund investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired.