Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Any number of factors could potentially negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. We anticipate that our active user growth rate will continue to decline over time as the size of our active user base increases. If our active user growth rate continues to slow, we will become increasingly dependent on our ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order to drive revenue growth. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees, particularly software engineers, designers, and product managers, is critical to our success. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. We are also subject to various risks inherent in doing business internationally, including political, social, or economic instability; risks related to legal, regulatory, and other government scrutiny; and potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. Our systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. We may experience supply shortages or other supply chain disruptions in the future that could result in shipping delays and negatively impact our operations. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We may also take actions regarding the distribution of our products or the operation of our business based on what we believe to be in our long-term best interests. Such actions may adversely affect our users and our relationships with the operators of mobile operating systems, handset manufacturers, mobile carriers, or other business partners, and there is no assurance that these actions will result in the anticipated long-term benefits. If we fail to successfully integrate the companies we acquire, we may not realize the benefits expected from the transaction and our business may be harmed. We regularly review our processes for calculating key metrics, and from time to time we may discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy. If marketers, developers, or investors do not perceive our metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies in our metrics, we may be subject to liability, our reputation may be harmed, and marketers and developers may be less willing to allocate their budgets or resources to our platform, which could negatively affect our business and financial results.