Investors should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this form 10-K, including the following risk factors, before deciding to invest in any of the company's securities. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products, such as Januvia, Janumet, Keytruda, Gardasil/Gardasil 9, Isentress, and Zepatier. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so in the short term or long term would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations, cash flow, financial position, and prospects. The company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products, and the company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; in consequence, the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that have lost patent protection. The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business would be adversely affected. The company defends its patents both within and outside the United States, including by filing claims of infringement against other parties. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the company. The company must also compete to be placed on formularies of managed care organizations. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to reduced usage in the managed care organization. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The uncertainty in global economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain governments could negatively affect the company's operating results. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these applications and systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company faces increasing competition from lower-cost generic products, and the patent rights that protect its products are of varying strengths and durations. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies.