Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face significant competition from firms that provide competing platforms, applications, and services, and our strategic vision is to compete and grow as a productivity and platform company for the mobile-first and cloud-first world. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation, which are essential for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions. Our increasing reliance on data-driven insights is becoming more important to the success of key opportunities in monetization, customer perceptions of quality, and operational efficiency. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. The security of our products and services is crucial in our customers' purchasing decisions, and we must ensure our cloud-based services meet the reliability expectations of our customers. Our business continuity management plans must be robust to handle potential disruptions from catastrophic events, geopolitical instability, and environmental changes. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. The long-term effects of climate change on the global economy or the IT industry are unclear, and changes in weather may increase the costs of powering and cooling computer hardware. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are located in seismically active regions, which poses additional risks. We are also subject to operational and economic risks due to our global business, which exposes us to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and economic conditions. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical for developing and delivering successful products and services. Effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, as failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits that may arise from our business practices, and adverse outcomes could significantly impact our ability to conduct business. Our increasing focus on services presents execution and competitive risks, and we must continue to evolve and adapt over time in pace with the changing environment. The investments we are making in devices and infrastructure will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to execute organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation. If we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, it may negatively impact our gross margins and operating income. We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy, which may involve significant challenges and risks, including the need to integrate new employees and business systems. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to leverage them to enhance our existing products and services or develop compelling new ones.