Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We have experienced dramatic declines in average selling prices for our semiconductor memory products which have adversely affected our business. If average selling prices for our memory products decrease faster than we can decrease per gigabit costs, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include, but are not limited to, strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies, technological barriers, and changes in process technologies or products that may require relatively larger die sizes. Our competitors seek to increase silicon capacity, improve yields, reduce die size, and minimize mask levels in their product designs resulting in significant increases in the worldwide supply of semiconductor memory and downward pressure on prices. Increases in worldwide supply of semiconductor memory also result from semiconductor memory fab capacity expansions, either by way of new facilities, increased capacity utilization, or reallocation of other semiconductor production to semiconductor memory production. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future. This, to some extent, is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies. Our key semiconductor memory technologies of DRAM and NAND flash face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. To meet these requirements, we expect that new memory technologies will be developed by the semiconductor memory industry. Our competitors are working to develop new memory technologies that may offer performance and cost advantages to our existing memory technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. We have made significant investments in product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product development over the next several years. The process to develop DRAM, NAND flash, and certain specialty memory products requires us to demonstrate advanced functionality and performance, many times well in advance of a planned ramp of production, in order to secure design wins with our customers. We may experience problems with nonconforming, defective or incompatible products after we have shipped such products. In recent periods we have further diversified and expanded our product offerings which could potentially increase the chance that one or more of our products could fail to meet specifications in a particular application. A determination that our products or manufacturing processes infringe the intellectual property rights of others could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. If our manufacturing process is disrupted, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at our manufacturing operations which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries. A natural disaster, fire, explosion, or other event that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations, or the operations of our customers or suppliers, may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are subject to counterparty default risks, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition.