You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness, convenience, or the location of origin or source of the ingredients and products, is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage. Changes in consumption in our product categories or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. We rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must sell products that appeal to our customers and consumers. Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including consumer demand for healthier products, taxes or other limitations on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products in a changing regulatory environment, uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, including currency fluctuations, climate change and water scarcity, and political, economic and social instability. We believe that many of these challenges also create new opportunities for our company. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. We are committed to providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors, which encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting. Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded, that assets are safeguarded, and that accounting records are sufficiently reliable to permit the preparation of financial statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We continuously review our business results and strategies, which encompasses financial discipline in our strategic and daily business decisions. Our executive committee is actively involved in understanding strategies and alternatives to reviewing key initiatives and financial performance. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks. To identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. We monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is essential for maintaining organizational resilience. We continue to embrace automation across the company, leveraging new tools that we believe will deliver higher rates of production in the United States and around the world. Our commitment to performance with purpose enables us to meet or exceed every financial goal we set. We believe our performance is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world in which we operate. Our strategies are also designed to address key challenges facing our company, including consumer demand for healthier products and uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions. Our focus on skills upgrading and job retraining creates new opportunities for our workers, which we believe will help us navigate continued geopolitical uncertainty and unrest.