The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. The average costs of product development continue to rise, as do the regulatory requirements in many therapeutic areas, which may affect the number of candidates funded as well as the sustainability of the R&D portfolio. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. The ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before anticipated market formation is important to that product's profitability. Our success will depend on our ability to bring new products to market quickly. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures, and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of our products. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval, or commercialization of our products and product candidates and could also result in non-compliance or reputational harm. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses, and we collect, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or security breaches. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing and the pricing of our products are subject to extensive regulation under various laws, and we have received inquiries and subpoenas from government authorities. The nature of the biopharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects in an effort to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market acceptance. We also regularly review our equity-method investments for impairment, and an impairment charge may result from unexpected adverse events or management decisions. Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products, and we rely on a combination of intellectual property protections to safeguard our innovations. The pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by other companies, which may involve negotiation and litigation.