We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events, and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives. Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations and localized volatility. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls, continue existing business operations, and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, or trade barriers are imposed. Additionally, our business, operations, or employees may be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions, or other crises in individual countries or regions. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on maintaining key manufacturing and supply arrangements. The loss or disruption of such arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed, have an adverse impact on our business. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with local and global competitors in new and existing markets. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors, including pricing and promotional incentives. A significant change in customer relationships or in customer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers. Continued consolidation among our retail customers could create significant cost and margin pressure on our business. Our company also devotes significant time and resources to programs designed to protect and preserve our reputation, such as social responsibility and environmental sustainability. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, the company's reputation and financial results could be adversely impacted. We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, our financial results could suffer. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. We continue to assess potential threats and make investments to address these threats. Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. Failure to deliver planned productivity improvements and cost savings could adversely impact our financial results. Successfully executing management transitions at leadership levels and retaining key employees is critical to our business success. We must also be able to successfully manage the impacts of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments. The company is in the midst of a productivity and cost savings plan designed to accelerate cost reductions by streamlining management decision-making and work processes. The plan is expected to deliver significant savings, which are critical to maintaining operational flexibility and achieving long-term growth objectives.