Our global growth may be affected by global economic, capital market and political conditions, which could impact our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. These economic conditions affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, including tightening of credit in financial markets that could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, which are cyclical in nature and influenced by a wide variety of factors, including economic conditions and customer attrition. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations and economic conditions. We engage in acquisitions and divestitures, which may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations, potentially affecting our competitive position and results of operations. Our debt levels and related debt service obligations could reduce our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions. We may be unable to realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, which could adversely affect our business. Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, which could result from attacks or failures of such infrastructure, potentially leading to operational delays and financial losses. We depend on our intellectual property and have access to certain intellectual property and information of our customers and suppliers; any infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. We believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from these potential attacks. However, given the unpredictability of such attacks or other disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and damage to our reputation. Our reliance on suppliers exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials, and disruptions in deliveries from our suppliers could adversely impact our ability to meet commitments to customers. We may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis, and if we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. Our international sales and operations are sensitive to changes in foreign national priorities, including government budgets, as well as to political and economic instability. We expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales as our businesses evolve. The success of future acquisitions and divestitures will depend on various factors, including the satisfaction of conditions precedent to the consummation of pending transactions and the ability to secure any required regulatory approvals. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and payments, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations. We are subject to a variety of litigation and legal compliance risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.