The risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements. Our business model expects our merchants to react to frequently changing opportunities and trends in the market, assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when we source it. If we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices and in the right mix, our customer traffic, as well as our sales and margins, could be adversely affected. We must also properly execute our inventory management strategy of distributing the right product to the right stores in the right quantities at the right time. To respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and appropriately change the allocation of floor space at our stores among product categories. Failure to continue to expand our business and operations successfully or to manage our substantial size and scale effectively could adversely affect our financial results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses and channels, and as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment or acquisition. There are significant risks associated with our ability to continue to expand successfully, including managing the implementation of this growth effectively. If any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations. Our substantial size imposes demands on effectively managing our complex operations and maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, systems, merchandising, store operations, distribution and compliance. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results. Our flexible off-price model helps us react to changing consumer preferences and trends, but we may not successfully do so, which could add difficulty in attracting new customers and retaining existing customers. We face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition in the retail industry and for talent in various geographic markets. Our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to various factors, including unemployment levels and changing demographics. We are subject to risks associated with sourcing merchandise from other countries and moving merchandise internationally, including potential disruptions in manufacturing, logistics and supply, and compliance with laws and regulations. Our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions or catastrophic events, including unforeseen public health issues, natural disasters, or acts of war or terrorism, which could disrupt our operations or the operations of one or more of our vendors or of our supply chain. Damage to our corporate reputation or those of our retail banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results. We believe that building the brand reputation of our company and our retail banners is important to our continuing success.