We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, significant delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch and production ramp of new vehicles and other products, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We may also experience similar delays or other complications in bringing to market and ramping production of new vehicles and other products. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to develop, manufacture, market and sell new vehicles, which requires efficient, automated and low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes. Our ability to achieve these plans will depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to add production lines and capacity as planned while maintaining desired quality levels and optimizing design and production changes. We have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. If we are unable to ramp up to meet our delivery goals globally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. Furthermore, unexpected changes in business conditions, materials pricing, labor issues, wars, governmental changes, natural disasters and other factors beyond our control could also affect our suppliers' ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis. The loss of any single or limited source supplier or the disruption in the supply of components could lead to product design changes and delays in product deliveries to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers and result in negative publicity. We may face challenges in managing our expansion and growth successfully, particularly in international markets, which could adversely impact our business. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage our expansion and growth successfully. We may not be successful in undertaking this global expansion if we are unable to control expenses and avoid cost overruns, establish sufficient worldwide sales, service and supercharger facilities in a timely manner, adapt our products to meet local requirements, implement the required infrastructure, systems and processes, and find and hire a significant number of additional personnel. We are also subject to various environmental and safety laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs upon us and negatively impact our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities. Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. We have experienced cost increases from certain of our suppliers in order to meet our quality targets and development timelines, and we may experience similar cost increases in the future. We expect to continue investing in our supercharger network and expanding our sales and service infrastructure worldwide, which is essential for maintaining customer satisfaction and supporting our growth objectives. Our ability to manage our growth effectively is critical to our success, particularly as we transition to high volume vehicle production and expand our operations internationally. We must maintain confidence among customers, suppliers, analysts and other parties in our liquidity and long-term business prospects, which may be complicated by various external pressures and uncertainties. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, it could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition.