We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. We make significant investments in research and development to develop new technologies and products to meet changing customer demands. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. From time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts. Our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters. We are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. We actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. However, our efforts cannot prevent all misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology. Our debt could affect our operations and financial condition. Our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if a customer or a distributor suffers a loss with respect to our inventory. We have consignment inventory programs in place for some of our largest customers and distributors. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation. We may, directly or indirectly, face infringement claims from third parties. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.