The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our management activities include managing costs across all health care categories, including specialty pharmacy spending, as new therapies are introduced at high costs and older drugs experience price increases. The ongoing pressure on Medicare Advantage funding places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, implement or increase the member premiums that supplement the monthly payments we receive from the government, and decide on a county-by-county basis where we will offer Medicare Advantage plans. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected if the number of individuals who gain coverage under the Affordable Care Act varies from our expectations, if the demand for the ACA-related products and capabilities offered by our Optum businesses is less than anticipated, or if our costs are greater than anticipated. We have recognized the importance of maintaining satisfactory relationships with physicians, hospitals, and other service providers, as our business could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to develop and maintain these relationships. The financial results we report for any particular period include estimates of costs that have been incurred for which claims are still outstanding. These estimates involve an extensive degree of judgment. If these estimates prove inaccurate, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our businesses are subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our relationships with government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. We are continually evaluating opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs, and technology applications, and may include acquisitions. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, to provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and to report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, and experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing.