ExxonMobil's operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, human error, and similar events. Our facilities are designed, constructed, and operated to withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with safety factors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, including those associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flow patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rainfall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of changing weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially introduce. Our ability to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility engineering as well as our rigorous disaster preparedness and response and business continuity planning. The success of ExxonMobil's upstream, downstream, and chemical businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to prevent, to the extent possible, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project startup or cause unscheduled project downtime. Our results depend on management's ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control effectively our business activities, and to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus to workplace safety and to avoiding spills or other adverse environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a combined program of effective operations integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive inspection and surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies and adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only in response to government requirements but also to address community priorities. Our operations may be adversely affected by political or regulatory developments affecting our operations, and we remain exposed to changes in law that could adversely affect our results, such as changes in environmental regulations or other laws that increase our cost of compliance or reduce or delay available business opportunities. Our future results may depend in part on the success of our research efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner. The extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts, which require continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost control, productivity enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio, and the recruitment, development, and retention of high-caliber employees. Our research and development organizations must be successful and able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The ability to insure against risks is limited by the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient. Business risks also include the risk of cybersecurity breaches, which could adversely affect our business systems and operations.