Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, our ability to develop, market and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements. The process of developing new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and better integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological developments. The introduction of certain technologies may reduce the effectiveness of our products. We rely on third-party cookies to help our customers effectively advertise, gauge performance and detect fraudulent activity; increased use of methods that block cookies could harm our business. We may be unable to predict subscription renewal rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results. Our hosted business model typically involves selling services on a subscription basis pursuant to service agreements that are generally one to three years in length. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our services after the expiration of their initial subscription period. Our customers' renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our services, our ability to continue to regularly add features and functionality, the reliability of our subscription services, the prices of our services, and reductions in our customers' spending levels. If we fail to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer. It is uncertain whether our strategies will prove successful or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. Market acceptance of new product and service offerings will depend on our ability to include functionality and usability that satisfy customer requirements and optimally price our products and services in light of marketplace conditions. We devote significant resources to the development of technologies and service offerings in markets where our operating history is less extensive. Our business has grown, and we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in economic and political conditions. Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases, which could result in reductions in sales of our products and services. A disruption in the financial markets may also have an effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking partners. We are a highly automated business and rely on our network infrastructure and enterprise applications for our development, marketing, operational, support, hosted services and sales activities. A disruption, infiltration or failure of these systems or third-party hosted services could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development, breaches of data security and loss of critical data. We recognize that there are inherent risks wherever business is conducted, and a catastrophic event that disrupts business could lead to losses, time required to recover, and added costs to resume operations.