Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We have had to manage an increasingly large and more complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business, including our hardware and software development, contract manufacturing and purchasing, logistics and fulfillment, and maintenance and support. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively. We must continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk associated with your investment. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the risks described elsewhere in this annual report. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors or our previously issued financial guidance, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. Our results of operations can be influenced by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including our ability to increase sales to existing customers and attract new end customers, the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of end customers, the cost and potential outcomes of existing and future litigation, changes in our pricing policies, our inability to fulfill our end customers' orders due to supply chain delays, and changes in end-customer, distributor or reseller requirements or market needs. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing and sales in order to respond to competition, and we cannot assure you that these investments will achieve any returns for us or that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. Our business is subject to the risks of warranty claims, product returns, product liability and product defects. Our products are complex and despite testing prior to their release, they may contain undetected defects or errors, especially when first introduced or when new versions are released. Product defects or errors could affect the performance of our products and could delay the development or release of new products or new versions of products. We may also be required to provide full replacements or refunds for such defective products. We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations. Our ability to grow our business and our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. We are also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our corporate headquarters and the operations of our key manufacturing vendors, logistics providers and partners, as well as many of our customers, are located in areas exposed to risks of natural disasters such as earthquakes and tsunamis. A significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could in turn materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct our business operations and deliver products and services to our customers, delay our ability to recognize revenue, compromise the integrity of our software products, and result in significant data losses and the theft of our intellectual property.