Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business. The medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development, and rapid technological change. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. These factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products, or medical procedure volumes. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition and exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business. An important part of our growth strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the U.S. by expanding global presence, including in emerging markets. We have undertaken restructuring and optimization initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. For example, the 2016 restructuring plan is intended to develop global commercialization, technology, and manufacturing capabilities in key growth markets, build on our plant network optimization strategy, and expand operational efficiencies in support of our operating income margin goals. We cannot guarantee that the activities under the 2016 restructuring plan or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Uncertainty about global economic conditions has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. Macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes, and other risks could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans. We are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. The ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. We believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of more treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and/or increase patient access.