Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, new and traditional competitors continue to launch subscription video on demand services, live online broadcast and cable television streaming services that can be viewed on various devices. The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, or if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services. The multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms. We anticipate that our programming expenses will increase at a higher growth rate in 2017, as the fees we pay will increase primarily due to the timing of contract renewals and increases in retransmission consent fees and sports programming costs. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. Network and information systems-related events could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to our equipment, data, properties and reputation. These events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and while we obtain assurances that third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. Any security breaches could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and our lines of business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring due to the nature of our businesses.