The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial information and other personally identifiable information. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and possible liability. While we have security measures in place, they may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords, or other information in order to gain access to our customers' data, our data, or our IT systems. Because we do not control our customers or third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud computing platform providers located in the United States and other countries. We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased from, software licensed from, and cloud computing platforms provided by, third parties in order to offer our services. Any damage to, or failure of our systems generally, including the systems of our third-party platform providers, could result in interruptions in our services. We have from time to time experienced interruptions in our services, and such interruptions may occur in the future. As part of our current disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, our production environment and all of our customers' data are currently replicated in near real-time in a separate facility located elsewhere. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, such as disaster recovery and business continuity arrangements, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure is comprised of many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. The internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damages to portions of its infrastructure, denial-of-service attacks, or related cyber incidents, and it could face outages and delays in the future. Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of cloud computing, cross-border data transfer restrictions, and other domestic or foreign regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and adversely affect our business. The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by laws, regulations, and standards may limit the use and adoption of our services, reduce overall demand for our services, lead to significant fines, penalties, or liabilities for noncompliance, or slow the pace at which we close sales transactions. Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory, and other factors. We regularly monitor our compliance with applicable financial reporting standards and review new pronouncements and drafts thereof that are relevant to us. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt or contractual obligations resulting from our leases. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months.