Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations may be pronounced in an uncertain global economic environment, influenced by factors such as fluctuations in demand for our products and services, changes in sales and implementation cycles, and our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers may also impact our operational flexibility. The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, as well as our success in new and evolving markets, are critical to maintaining competitive advantage. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions, particularly in the service provider market, which has been characterized by volatility and significant fluctuations. Trust and confidence in us as a supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets; any impairment of that trust could affect demand for our products. We are investing in key priority and growth areas while maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services, but the return on these investments may develop more slowly than expected. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging global macroeconomic environment. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns, which can increase costs and complicate inventory management. We have increased our efforts in procuring components to meet customer expectations, which contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend on timely deliveries from our suppliers. We may experience shortages of certain component parts due to manufacturing issues or capacity problems, which could adversely affect our operating results. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. The complexity of our inventory management and the need to balance supply chain flexibility with the risk of inventory obsolescence are ongoing challenges. We depend on the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers' changing needs, our market share may suffer. Our strategy includes leading our customers in their digital transition, focusing on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions. We are also facing increased competition from new entrants and existing companies with strong technological positions. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans, including managing distribution channels and maintaining relationships with channel partners, is critical to our success. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability, necessitating effective management of complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners. We are exposed to risks associated with the use of intellectual property, and the inability to protect our proprietary rights could lead to competitive disadvantages. Our business is also subject to the risks of natural disasters and man-made problems such as cyber-attacks, which could disrupt operations and harm our reputation. We must effectively manage our strategic alliances to realize expected benefits and mitigate risks associated with competition and operational difficulties.