We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. An operational failure in our transaction processing businesses, including our business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities, could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. A prolonged interruption of our services or network could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenue. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The financial institutions marketplace has experienced change in composition as the number of financial institutions in the United States has declined at a relatively steady rate of approximately 3% per year, primarily as a result of voluntary mergers and acquisitions. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We have clients that span the entire range of financial institutions in terms of asset size and business model, and our 50 largest financial institution clients represent less than 25% of our annual revenue. We may not be successful in developing, marketing, or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. Our ability to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to our customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment is essential. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us. We may face challenges meeting local political, regulatory, business, and economic conditions as we grow internationally, particularly in emerging market economies. Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. A prolonged poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business, and other factors affecting our consolidated operations. We may not be able to renew client contracts at favorable terms, and failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. Our operations are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services, and evolving industry standards. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, or marketing of these services. Security breaches, computer malware, or other cyber attacks could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. We believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but we may not be able to prevent a material event in the future. Our ability to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified management, technical, compliance, and sales personnel is critical to our future success. We depend on the experience, skill, and contributions of our senior management and other key employees. If we lose members of our leadership team, our management resources may have to be diverted from other priorities to address this loss.