An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. We seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. We depend heavily on contracts with the U.S. government for a substantial portion of our business. We believe that our diverse range of defense, homeland security, and information technology products and services makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. However, termination of multiple or large programs or contracts could adversely affect our business and future financial performance. The U.S. government continues to face significant deficit reduction pressures, and it is likely that discretionary spending by the U.S. government will remain constrained for a number of years. Under such conditions, large or complex programs are potentially subject to increased scrutiny. We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts, which impose certain risks and costs on our business. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to comply with these laws. We are subject to a number of procurement laws and regulations that affect how we do business with our customers. The U.S. government may terminate any of our government contracts either at its convenience or for default based on our performance. The ability to recover investments that we make is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We routinely experience various cybersecurity threats and disruptions that could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, our future financial results, our reputation, or our stock price. We face challenges that may affect personnel retention, such as our endeavors to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the affordability of our products and services. Competition for personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in hiring or retaining personnel with the requisite skills or clearances. The loss of key personnel, coupled with an inability to adequately train other personnel, hire new personnel, or transfer knowledge, could significantly impact our ability to perform under our contracts. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce. We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures. A significant component of our strategy is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. We are committed to developing and extending our portfolio domestically and growing our international sales while focusing on affordability initiatives. Our operational flexibility is critical as we navigate these challenges and strive to maintain our competitive advantage. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. However, we expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our revolving credit facility to manage the timing of our cash flows.