We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring more integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information from the threat of cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches have occurred in recent years. We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands, and demographics of our customers. Our ability to meet our labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, and changing demographics. Positively and effectively managing our public image and reputation is critical to our business success, and any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly. Strategic transactions, such as our acquisition of Rona, involve risks, and we may not realize the expected benefits due to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel and systems successfully. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transaction is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including the integration of businesses and the complexity it creates in our financial systems and internal controls. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. We must comply with various laws and regulations that differ substantially in each area where we operate, and changes in existing or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance could also be adversely affected by adverse changes in economic factors specific to the home improvement industry, which may negatively impact the rate of growth of our total sales and comparable sales. We expect continued store growth over the next five years in Canada and Mexico, but expanding internationally presents unique challenges that may increase the anticipated costs and risks.