Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if membership acquisition and retention do not meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, ramping up our ability to produce original content, as well as continuing to operate our DVD service within the U.S. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If we are unable to maintain or, in newer markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our membership acquisition and retention may be adversely affected. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If the studios, content providers, and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members will be adversely affected. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices. If we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological, content licensing, regulatory, or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to our members via these devices, our ability to grow our business could be adversely impacted. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from various risks, and interruptions in these systems could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver streaming content or fulfill DVD selections.