We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have a reputation for secure and reliable product offerings and related services, and we have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. Our business practices with respect to the collection, use, and management of personal information could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities, or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements, or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our software, hardware, and cloud offerings. Errors in our software, hardware, or cloud offerings could affect their ability to properly function or operate with other software, hardware, or cloud offerings and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our hardware business may adversely affect our overall profitability if we do not effectively manage the associated risks. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware business in a timely manner or at all due to a number of factors, including demand for competing hardware technologies. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing and delivery process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product supply, and delivery delays. We have simplified our supply chain processes by reducing the number of third-party manufacturing partners and the number of locations where these third-party manufacturers build our hardware products. We may incur restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with legacy restructuring plans. Our ability to pay interest and repay the principal for our indebtedness is dependent upon our ability to manage our business operations and generate sufficient cash flows to service such debt. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. We are also subject to a variety of other risks and challenges in managing an organization operating in various countries, including general economic conditions in each country or region, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, regulatory changes, and the effects of climate change. Our ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We may have difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets where we have no or limited direct prior experience, or retaining key personnel from the acquired companies.