The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of these risks occur, our business and financial results could be harmed, which could impact our operational flexibility and adaptability under adverse conditions. The proposed acquisition of NXP involves a number of risks, including the risk that we fail to complete the acquisition in a timely manner or at all, which may limit our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. The regulatory approvals required in connection with the proposed transaction may not be obtained or may contain materially burdensome conditions, potentially jeopardizing or delaying completion of the proposed transaction. If we agree to any material conditions to obtain approvals required to complete the proposed transaction, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of a significant portion of our cash and the incurrence of substantial indebtedness in connection with the financing of the proposed transaction may have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operational continuity. The failure to consummate the proposed transaction may result in negative publicity and a negative perception of us in the investment community, which could harm our organizational health and stakeholder engagement. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products, impacting our ability to maintain performance under pressure. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new business and/or customers. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, which may increase pressures on our operational resources. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies and to maintain demand for our integrated circuit products at the premium device tier. We are also impacted by consumers' rates of replacement of smartphones and other computing devices, which could negatively impact our revenues and business continuity. Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, which are subject to external disturbances. We derive a significant portion of our consolidated revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, and if revenues derived from these customers decrease, our operating results could be negatively affected. The concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly at the premium tier, contributes to this trend and may result in lower prices for our products. Our revenues and growth in revenues could be negatively impacted if wireless operators delay network deployments or if government regulators delay making sufficient spectrum available. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G OFDMA- and 5G-based technologies, which are essential for our organizational resilience. Our strategic activities entail a high degree of risk and require the use of domestic and/or foreign capital, and investments may not become liquid for several years after the date of the investment. We may underestimate the costs and/or overestimate the benefits of our strategic activities, and if we do not achieve the anticipated benefits, our results of operations may be adversely affected. We expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world, which could impact our organizational effectiveness and resilience strategies.