We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships or legal liability. Our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, which rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical to our organizational resilience, as our business is dependent on successfully attracting and retaining skilled personnel. Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects, and the public generally, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees, and suppliers. We face the risk that additional proceedings, investigations, and inquiries will arise in the future, which could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties, or activity restrictions, adversely impacting our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our major expenditures include employee compensation and capital investments, and we make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives. The geographic breadth of our activities subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance, and reputational risks, including economic and political conditions around the world, fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, and civil unrest. Our ability to recover from disasters or other business continuity problems is crucial to maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience. We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of legal matters and their effects on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business, and competitive position. The existence and magnitude of risks often remain unknown for substantial periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.