The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Without the timely introduction of new products, services, and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. To address market challenges, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, expanding our service offerings, and continuing key customer initiatives. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. Our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies, and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Significant developments stemming from political changes could have an adverse effect on us. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell, and any significant disruption of those operations could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws could harm our business. Our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship with certain large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. We rely heavily on third-party package delivery services, and significant disruptions in these services may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs, and lower our profitability. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from various threats, and such problems could result in interruptions in our services, harm our reputation, and adversely affect our financial results. Our debt may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities, and our ability to comply with financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors beyond our control. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges, and these restructuring projects are expected to result in annual cost savings.