You should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. General economic conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, may adversely affect our results of operations. The factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally. Changes in laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach. Severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business. Any such event affecting one of our major facilities could result in a significant interruption in or disruption of our business. We require significant capital investments in our business consisting of aircraft, vehicles, technology, facilities and sorting and other types of equipment to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. If we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. Our operations in international markets are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies. We are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt and that portion of our long-term debt that carries floating interest rates. The impact of changes in interest rates on our pension and postretirement benefit obligations and costs is discussed further in the "critical accounting policies and estimates" section of this report. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations; however, changes in exchange rates and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Service quality issues, actual or perceived, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brand and may cause customers to use other companies. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. Any of these occurrences could result in disruptions in our operations, the loss of existing or potential customers, damage to our brand and reputation, and litigation and potential liability for the company. We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such a potential change. Concern over climate change has led to significant federal, state and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions. The potential obligation to pay coordinating benefits from the UPS/IBT plan is subject to a number of uncertainties, including actions that may be taken by the CSPF, the federal government or others. We will continue to assess the impact of these uncertainties on the projected benefit obligation of the UPS/IBT plan in accordance with accounting standards.