Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. Our business and future revenues depend heavily on orkambi net product revenues. If we continue to experience challenges with the commercialization of orkambi or if orkambi were to become subject to problems such as safety or efficacy issues, our ability to commercialize orkambi would be impaired. Our long-term success and revenue growth will depend upon our ability to successfully develop new products. Drug development is inherently risky, and we will be required to undertake additional clinical trials before such candidates become eligible for marketing approval. The results of clinical trials and findings from our nonclinical studies could lead to abrupt changes in our development activities, including the possible cessation of development activities associated with a particular drug candidate or program. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in later-stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in earlier-stage clinical trials. Accordingly, the results from completed preclinical studies and clinical trials may not be replicated in later clinical trials, and ongoing clinical trials for our drug candidates may not be predictive of the results we may obtain in later-stage clinical trials or of the likelihood of approval of a drug candidate for commercial sale. Our ability to increase our revenues is dependent on our ability to increase our sales of orkambi, to maintain sales of kalydeco, and to develop and commercialize additional products. We have a history of incurring losses, and we cannot predict the extent of our future profitability. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on the extent to which we can continue to increase our revenue and control our costs in order to counter any unforeseen difficulties, complications, or other unknown factors that may impair future revenue or require additional expenditures. Our business is dependent on kalydeco net product revenues, and if we are unable to sustain our kalydeco net product revenues, our business will be materially harmed. We expect that our revenues will be affected by the timing of orders from our significant customers and by changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. Our ability to commercialize our products, and achieve our research and development objectives, depends on our ability to respond effectively to these demands. We have expanded our international operations, which exposes us to potential sanctions for failing to meet enhanced safeguards and reporting demands in these jurisdictions. Our success in rapidly developing and commercializing orkambi and kalydeco may increase the resources that our competitors allocate to the development of these potential treatments. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and suppliers could subject us to significant supply disruptions outside of our control. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which could materially adversely affect our business. If we fail to attract and retain skilled employees, our business could be materially harmed. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key scientific and management personnel and to integrate new scientific and management personnel into our business. If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely affected. If our facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, our operations would be seriously harmed. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises; however, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities.