item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis presents the factors that had a material effect on our results of operations during the two years ended december 31, 2023. also discussed is our financial position as of december 31, 2023 and our consolidated cash flows for 2023 compared to 2022. you should read this discussion in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this form 10-k. for a discussion related to the results of operations for 2022 compared to 2021 and a discussion related to our consolidated cash flows for 2022 compared to 2021, refer to part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 13, 2023.
overview we are the global leader in patient-focused medical innovations for structural heart disease and critical care monitoring. driven by a passion to help patients, we partner with the world's leading clinicians and researchers and invest in research and development to transform care for those impacted by structural heart disease or who require hemodynamic monitoring during surgery or in intensive care. we conduct operations worldwide and are managed in the following geographical regions: united states, europe, japan, and rest of world. our products are categorized into the following groups: transcatheter aortic valve replacement ("tavr"), transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies ("tmtt"), surgical structural heart ("surgical"), and critical care. on december 7, 2023, we announced our intention to complete a tax-free spin-off of our critical care product group around the end of 2024. the planned separation will enable us to pursue expanded opportunities for tavr, tmtt, and surgical patients, as well as new investments in interventional heart failure technologies.
financial highlights and market update covid-19 and macroeconomic uncertainties while conditions related to the covid-19 pandemic have improved compared to 2022, we have continued to experience the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic in 2023, particularly in japan and disruptions related to staffing shortages in the united states and europe. we continued to remain fully committed to our patient-focused innovation strategy, and our teams were relentless in doing the right things for patients. our priority has been to maintain access for patients to our life-saving technologies while providing continuous front-line support to our clinician partners, and protecting the well-being of our employees. we expect to continue to experience adverse effects related to covid-19 for some time, particularly as hospital systems continue experiencing budget constraints and staffing shortages, the supply chains continue to adjust to the market, and medical procedure rates and demand for our products continue to fluctuate as the medical system rebalances its infrastructure and resources in a post-covid-19 market.
in addition to the impacts described above, the global economy, including the financial and credit markets, continues to experience volatility and disruptions, including conditions impacting inflation, credit and capital markets, interest rates, and factors affecting global economic stability and the political environment relating to health care. the severity and duration of the impact of these conditions on our business cannot be predicted. see item 1a, "risk factors," for additional information.
financial highlights despite the challenges to our business due to covid-19 and macroeconomic headwinds, our net sales for 2023 were $6.0 billion, representing an increase of $622.4 million over 2022, driven by sales growth of our tavr products.
our gross profit increased in 2023, driven by our sales growth. gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased primarily due to the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the decrease in our net income and diluted earnings per share in 2023 was driven primarily by an after-tax charge of $134.9 million related to an intellectual property agreement. see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
healthcare environment, opportunities, and challenges the medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. we are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. our vision for growth is to treat patients with both valvular and non-valvular structural heart disease, such as heart failure, which is a natural progression of the disease for many patients suffering from aortic stenosis and mitral and tricuspid regurgitation. in 2023, we invested 17.8% of our net sales in research and development. the following is a summary of important developments since january 1, 2023:
•we launched the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in japan;
•we received ce mark approval for the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in europe;
•we received ce mark approval for the evoque tricuspid valve replacement system for the transcatheter treatment of eligible patients with tricuspid regurgitation and united states food and drug administration ("fda") approval for the treatment of tricuspid regurgitation, making it the world's first transcatheter valve replacement therapy to receive regulatory approval to treat tricuspid regurgitation;
•we received approval in japan for pascal precision to treat patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation;
•we received ce mark approval for our mitris resilia surgical mitral valve;
•we completed enrollment in the encircle trial, the first pivotal trial for our transfemoral mitral replacement therapy, sapien m3;
•we received fda approval for a sapien m3 continued access program;
•we restarted enrollment in our pivotal trial, alliance, designed to study our next generation tavr technology, sapien x4;
•we completed enrollment in progress, a pivotal trial studying the treatment of moderate aortic stenosis patients;
•we completed the enrollment of the full cohort of the triscend ii pivotal trial of the evoque replacement system; and
•we announced our intention to complete a tax-free spin-off of our critical care product group around the end of 2024. the planned separation will enable sharpened focus as we pursue expanded opportunities for tavr, tmtt, and surgical patients, as well as new investments in interventional heart failure technologies.
we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality-of-life evidence increasingly expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment, with the goal of encouraging the adoption of innovative new medical therapies that demonstrate superior outcomes.
results of operations net sales by geographic region
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                       change
2023                                                                              2022                                   $                               %
united states                          $3,508.7                          $3,132.6                       $376.1                                    12.0   %
europe                                  1,334.5                           1,174.8                        159.7                                    13.6   %
japan                                     452.4                             473.6                       (21.2)                                   (4.5)   %
rest of world                             709.2                             601.4                        107.8                                    17.9   %
outside of the united states            2,496.1                           2,249.8                        246.3                                    10.9   %
total net sales                        $6,004.8                          $5,382.4                       $622.4                                    11.6   %
net sales outside of the united states include the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on net sales is not necessarily indicative of the impact on net income due to the corresponding effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on international manufacturing and operating costs, and our hedging activities. for more information, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
net sales by product group
(dollars in millions)
years ended december 31,                                       change
2023                                                                                             2022                                   $                           %
transcatheter aortic valve replacement                $3,879.8                          $3,518.2                       $361.6                                10.3   %
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies             197.6                             116.1                         81.5                                70.1   %
surgical heart valve therapy                             999.3                             893.1                        106.2                                11.9   %
critical care                                            928.1                             855.0                         73.1                                 8.5   %
total net sales                                       $6,004.8                          $5,382.4                       $622.4                                11.6   %
transcatheter aortic valve replacement the increase in net sales of tavr products was driven by:
•higher sales of the edwards sapien platform in 2023, primarily the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in the united states and japan, and the edwards sapien 3 ultra valve in europe and rest of world;
partially offset by:
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $11.3 million primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
in march 2023, we launched the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in japan. in july 2023, we announced the restart of enrollment in our pivotal trial, alliance, designed to study our next generation tavr technology, sapien x4. in january 2024, we completed enrollment in our progress pivotal trial, studying the treatment of moderate aortic stenosis patients, and we received ce mark approval for the edwards sapien 3 ultra resilia valve in europe.
transcatheter mitral and tricuspid therapies the increase in net sales of tmtt products was due primarily to the launch of our pascal system in the united states and its continued adoption in europe.
during 2023, we continued to enroll the clasp iif pivotal trial with pascal for patients with functional mitral regurgitation. in mitral replacement, we completed enrollment in the encircle pivotal trial for sapien m3 and, in january 2024, we received fda approval for a sapien m3 continued access program. in tricuspid, we completed the enrollment of the full cohort of the triscend ii pivotal trial of the evoque replacement system. in october 2023, we received ce mark approval in europe for evoque and in february 2024 we received fda approval for evoque for the treatment of tricuspic regurgitation. in october 2023, we also received approval in japan for pascal precision to treat patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. in addition, enrollment continued in the clasp iitr pivotal trial with the pascal repair system in patients with symptomatic, severe tricuspid regurgitation.
surgical structural heart net sales of surgical products increased in 2023 primarily due to sales of the inspiris resilia aortic valve in the united states and europe, and the mitris resilia valve in the united states. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $6.4 million, primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the euro against the united states dollar.
we are continuing to enroll patients in our momentis clinical study to demonstrate the durability of resilia tissue in the mitral position. in october 2023, we received ce mark approval for our mitris resilia mitral valve and have begun its launch in several european countries.
critical care the increase in net sales of critical care products was driven by:
•increased demand for our enhanced surgical recovery products and pressure monitoring products, primarily in the united states;
partially offset by:
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased net sales outside of the united states by $10.3 million primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen against the united states dollar.
gross profit the decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales in 2023 compared to 2022 was driven primarily by a 2.5 percentage point decrease from the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily the weakening of the united states dollar against multiple currencies, partially offset by the strengthening of the united states dollar against the japanese yen.
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses sg&a expenses increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to higher performance-based compensation and higher field-based personnel-related costs in support of our growth strategy and patient activation initiatives, primarily related to tavr and tmtt in the united states and europe.
research and development ("r&d") expenses r&d expenses increased in 2023 compared to 2022 due primarily to continued investments in our transcatheter innovations, including increased clinical trial activity.
intellectual property agreement and litigation expense we incurred intellectual property agreement and litigation expenses of $203.5 million and $15.8 million during 2023 and 2022, respectively. on april 12, 2023, we entered into an intellectual property agreement (the "intellectual property agreement") with medtronic, inc. ("medtronic") and recorded a $37.0 million charge in march 2023 and a $139.0 million charge in april 2023. for more information, see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements."
change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, net the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities resulted in gains of $26.2 million and $35.8 million during 2023 and 2022, respectively. the gains in 2023 were primarily due to changes in projected probabilities of milestone achievement. the gains in 2022 were due to changes in projected probabilities of milestone achievement and our decision in the third quarter of 2022 to exit our harpoon surgical mitral repair system program.
special charge and separation costs on december 7, 2023, we announced our intention to complete a tax-free spin-off of our critical care product group as a separate publicly traded company to edwards lifesciences' shareholders. we recorded a charge of $17.2 million, primarily related to costs incurred for consulting, legal, tax, and other professional advisory services associated with the planned spin-off.
in september 2022, in connection with our decision to exit our harpoon surgical mitral repair system program, we recorded a charge of $62.3 million, of which $60.7 million was included in "special charges and separation costs" and $1.6 million was included in "cost of sales" on the consolidated statements of operations. the charge primarily related to the full impairment of intangible assets associated with the technology for $52.7 million and other related exit costs.
for more information, see note 4 to the "consolidated financial statements."
interest expense interest expense was $17.6 million and $19.2 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the decrease in interest expense resulted primarily from higher capitalized interest related to facilities construction.
interest income interest income was $67.2 million and $35.5 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in interest income resulted primarily from a higher average yield on our investments.
other income, net other income was $14.4 million and $2.6 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively. the increase in other income was driven primarily by higher forward points from derivative instruments entered into to offset foreign currency revaluation of mainly global intercompany receivable and payable balances.
provision for income taxes
($ in millions)
years ended december 31,   change
2023                                                                       2022   $                       %
provision for income taxes          $198.7                          $245.5        $(46.8)                 (19.1)      %
effective tax rate                    12.4    %                       13.9    %
our effective income tax rate in 2023 and 2022 was 12.4% and 13.9%, respectively. our effective tax rate for 2023 decreased in comparison to 2022 primarily due to the impact of temporary relief provided by the internal revenue service ("irs") relating to u.s. foreign tax credit regulations. on july 21, 2023, the irs issued notice 2023-55 which delayed the application of certain u.s. foreign tax credit regulations that had previously limited our ability to claim credits on certain foreign taxes for tax years 2022 and 2023. in addition, there was a tax benefit from the intellectual property agreement with medtronic (see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements"), partially offset by a reduced tax benefit from employee share-based compensation. the effective rates for 2023 and 2022 were lower than the federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to (1) foreign earnings taxed at lower rates, (2) federal and california research and development credits, and (3) the tax benefit from employee share-based compensation.
as of december 31, 2023, we had $211.3 million of gross california research expenditure tax credits that we expect to use in future periods. the credits may be carried forward indefinitely. based upon anticipated future taxable income, we expect that it is more likely than not that all california research expenditure tax credits will be utilized, although the utilization of the full benefit is expected to occur over a number of years into the distant future.
as of december 31, 2023, our gross uncertain tax positions were $583.9 million. we estimate that these liabilities would be reduced by $250.7 million from offsetting tax benefits associated with the correlative effects of potential transfer pricing adjustments, state income taxes, and timing adjustments. the net amount of $333.2 million, if not required, would favorably affect our effective tax rate.
in the normal course of business, the internal revenue service ("irs") and other taxing authorities are in different stages of examining various years of our tax filings. during these audits we may receive proposed audit adjustments that could be material. therefore, there is a possibility that an adverse outcome in these audits could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level and could reach agreement with a tax authority at any time. while we have accrued for matters we believe are more likely than not to require settlement, the eventual outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is materially different from that reflected in the consolidated financial statements. furthermore, we may later decide to challenge any assessments, if made, and may exercise our right to appeal. the uncertain tax positions are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, proposed assessments by tax authorities, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law. we believe that adequate amounts of tax and related penalty and interest have been provided for any adjustments that may result from our uncertain tax positions.
we executed an advance pricing agreement ("apa") in 2018 between the united states and switzerland governments for tax years 2009 through 2020 covering various, but not all, transfer pricing matters. the unagreed transfer pricing matters, namely surgical structural heart and transcatheter aortic valve replacement (collectively "surgical/tavr") intercompany royalty transactions, then reverted to irs examination for further consideration as part of the respective years' regular tax audits. in addition, we executed other bilateral apas as follows: during 2017, an apa between the united states and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019; and during 2018, apas between singapore and japan and between switzerland and japan covering tax years 2015 through 2019. we have filed to renew all three of the apas with japan for the years 2020 and forward. an apa between switzerland and japan covering tax years 2020 through 2024 was executed in 2021. an apa between the united states and japan covering tax years 2020 through 2024 was executed in 2023. the execution of some or all these apa renewals depends on many variables outside of our control.
the audits of our united states federal income tax returns through 2014 have been closed. the irs audit field work for the 2015 through 2017 tax years was completed during the second quarter of 2021, except for certain transfer pricing and related matters. the irs is currently examining the 2018 through 2020 tax years.
the audits of our material state, local, and foreign income tax matters have been concluded for years through 2015. while not material, we continue to address matters in india for years from 2010 and on.
during 2021, we received a notice of proposed adjustment ("nopa") from the irs for the 2015 through 2017 tax years relating to transfer pricing involving surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions between our united states and switzerland subsidiaries. the nopa proposed a substantial increase to our united states taxable income, which could result in additional tax expense for this period of approximately $230.0 million and represented a departure from a transfer pricing method we had previously agreed upon with the irs. we have disagreed with the nopa and pursued an administrative appeal with the irs independent office of appeals ("appeals"). the opening conference was held with appeals during march 2023 and discussions with appeals continued into the third quarter of 2023. the appeals process culminated in the third quarter of 2023 when we and appeals concluded that a satisfactory resolution of the matter at the administrative level was not possible.
during the fourth quarter of 2023, appeals issued a notice of deficiency ("nod") increasing our 2015 through 2017 united states federal income tax in amounts resulting from the income adjustments previously reflected in the nopa. the additional tax sought in excess of our filing position is $269.3 million before consideration of interest and a repatriation tax offset.
we plan to vigorously contest the additional tax claimed by the irs through the judicial process. final resolution of this matter is not likely within the next 12 months. we believe the amounts previously accrued related to this uncertain tax position are appropriate for a number of reasons, including the interpretation and application of relevant tax law and accounting standards to our facts and, accordingly, have not accrued any additional amount based on the nod and other proceedings to date. nonetheless, the outcome of the judicial process cannot be predicted with certainty, and it is possible that the outcome of that process could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. as noted below, similar material tax disputes may arise for the 2018 through 2023 tax years. while no payment of any amount related to the nopa or nod has yet been required, we made a partial deposit in november 2022 to prevent the further accrual of interest on that portion of any additional tax we may ultimately be found to owe. we intend to make an additional deposit in the range of $200 million to $300 million with the irs by the second quarter of 2024 in order to further mitigate interest on potential tax liabilities while we prepare to contest through the judicial process the irs's entitlement to any of the additional tax claimed by the irs.
surgical/tavr intercompany royalty transactions covering tax years 2018 through 2023 remain subject to irs examination, and those transactions and related tax positions remain uncertain as of december 31, 2023. we have considered this information, as well as information regarding the nod and other proceedings described above, in our evaluation of our uncertain tax positions. the impact of these unresolved transfer pricing matters, net of any correlative tax adjustments, may be significant to our consolidated financial statements. based on the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate what, if any, changes in our existing uncertain tax positions may occur in the next 12 months and, therefore, have continued to record the uncertain tax positions as a long-term liability.
we have received tax incentives in certain non-united states tax jurisdictions, the primary benefit for which will expire in 2029. the tax reductions as compared to the local statutory rates were $333.2 million ($0.55 per diluted share) and $247.4 million ($0.40 per diluted share) for the years ended december 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
many countries are implementing some or all the organisation for economic co-operation and development's base erosion and profit shifting two-pillar response to tax challenges arising from the digitalization of the global economy. while we continue to evaluate those countries' implementations, we do not expect those implementations to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements in 2024.
liquidity and capital resources our sources of cash liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash from operations, and amounts available under credit facilities. we believe that these sources are sufficient to fund the current and long-term requirements of working capital, capital expenditures, and other financial commitments. however, we periodically consider various financing alternatives and may, from time to time, seek to take advantage of favorable interest rate environments or other market conditions.
the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 act") included extensive changes to the international tax regime. the 2017 act required a deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits. the one-time transition tax liability, as adjusted, is payable in three remaining annual installments, as outlined in the contractual obligations table presented under "material cash requirements" below. as of december 31, 2023, we had a remaining tax obligation of $141.4 million related to the deemed repatriation. see note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
as of december 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held in the united states and outside of the united states were $1,097.1 million and $547.4 million, respectively. during 2023, we repatriated cash of $790.0 million. we assert that $1.0 billion of our foreign earnings continue to be permanently reinvested and our intent is to repatriate, in the future, $1.2 billion of our foreign earnings as of december 31, 2023. the estimated net tax liability on the indefinitely reinvested earnings if repatriated is $5.1 million.
we have a five-year credit agreement (the "credit agreement") which provides for a $750.0 million multi-currency unsecured revolving credit facility and matures on july 15, 2027. we may increase the amount available under the credit agreement by up to an additional $250.0 million in the aggregate and extend the maturity date for an additional year, subject to agreement of the lenders. as of december 31, 2023, no amounts were outstanding under the credit agreement.
in june 2018, we issued $600.0 million of 4.3% fixed-rate unsecured senior notes (the "2018 notes") due june 15, 2028. we may redeem the 2018 notes, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at specified redemption prices. as of december 31, 2023, we have not elected to redeem any of the 2018 notes. as of december 31, 2023, the carrying value of the 2018 notes was $597.0 million. for further information on our debt, see note 11 to the "consolidated financial statements."
from time to time, we repurchase shares of our common stock under share repurchase programs authorized by the board of directors. we consider several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, expected dilution from stock plans, cash capacity, and the market price of our common stock. during 2023, under the board authorized repurchase program, we repurchased a total of 11.3 million shares at an aggregate cost of $867.1 million. as of december 31, 2023, we had remaining authority to purchase $1.0 billion of our common stock under the share repurchase program.
on april 12, 2023, we entered into the intellectual property agreement with medtronic pursuant to which the parties agreed to a 15-year global covenant not to sue ("cns") for infringement of certain patents in the structural heart space owned or controlled by each other. in consideration for the global cns, we paid medtronic a one-time, lump sum payment of $300.0 million and are paying annual royalty payments that are tied to net sales of certain edwards products. for more information, see note 3 to the "consolidated financial statements."
on february 28, 2023, we acquired a majority equity interest in a medical technology company. in addition, we amended and restated our previous option agreement with the medical technology company. the option agreement gives us the option to acquire the remaining equity interest in the medical technology company. for more information, see note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we have purchased options to acquire and have agreed to provide promissory notes to various entities. these arrangements could result in additional cash outlays in the future should we decide to exercise the options or should the entities draw on the promissory notes. for further information, see note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements."
on july 12, 2020, we reached a settlement agreement with abbott to settle all outstanding patent disputes between the companies in cases related to transcatheter mitral and tricuspid repair products. the settlement agreement resulted in us recording an estimated $367.9 million pretax charge in june 2020 related to past damages. in addition, we will incur royalty expenses through may 2024 totaling an estimated $70 million. we made a one-time $100.0 million payment to abbott in july 2020, and are making quarterly payments in subsequent years.
consolidated cash flows - for the twelve months ended december 31, 2023 and 2022
net cash flows provided by operating activities of $895.8 million for 2023 decreased $322.4 million from 2022 due primarily to a $300.0 million payment in 2023 under the intellectual property agreement, partially offset by a higher bonus payout in 2022 associated with 2021 performance.
net cash provided by investing activities of $173.8 million in 2023 consisted primarily of net proceeds from investments of $627.9 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $253.0 million and payments of $95.2 million to acquire a majority interest in another company. for further information, see note 9 to the "consolidated financial statements."
net cash provided by investing activities of $252.3 million in 2022 consisted primarily of net proceeds from investments of $661.0 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $244.6 million and payments of $109.6 million for options to acquire other companies. for further information, see note 8 to the "consolidated financial statements."
we currently anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $300.0 million in 2024 as we continue to invest in our operations.
net cash used in financing activities of $711.0 million in 2023 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $879.6 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $169.9 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $1.6 billion in 2022 consisted primarily of purchases of treasury stock of $1.7 billion, partially offset by proceeds from stock plans of $146.4 million.
material cash requirements a summary of our material cash requirements as of december 31, 2023 is as follows (in millions):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                        total                    year 1                  years 2-3                  years 4-5                 after 5
years debt                                                                      $600.0                       $-                        $-                     $600.0                       $-
operating leases                                                           105.8                     26.8                      35.9                       22.4                     20.7
interest on debt                                                            87.7                     19.8                      39.7                       28.2                        -
transition tax on unremitted foreign earnings and profits (a)              141.4                     62.8                      78.6                          -                        -
litigation settlement obligation (minimum payments)                        112.5                     50.0                      62.5                          -                        -
pension obligations (b)                                                      2.7                      2.7                         -                          -                        -
purchase and other commitments (c)                                         106.3                     34.5                      46.5                       24.7                      0.6
total contractual cash obligations (d), (e)                             $1,156.4                   $196.6                    $263.2                     $675.3                    $21.3
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a) as of december 31, 2023, we had recorded $141.4 million of income tax liabilities related to the one-time transition tax that resulted from the enactment of the 2017 act. the transition tax is due in eight annual installments, with the first six installments paid in 2018 through 2023. the remaining installment amounts will be equal to 20% of the total liability payable in 2024 and 25% in 2025. see note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements" for additional information about the one-time transition tax.
(b)    the amount included in "less than 1 year" reflects anticipated contributions to our various pension plans. anticipated contributions beyond one year are not determinable. the total accrued benefit liability for our pension plans recognized as of december 31, 2023 was $36.2 million. this amount is impacted by, among other items, pension expense funding levels, changes in plan demographics and assumptions, and investment returns on plan assets. therefore, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. see note 14 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information.
(c)    purchase and other commitments consists primarily of open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the normal course of business. we have excluded open purchase orders with a remaining term of less than one year. for certain purchase and other commitments, such as commitments to fund equity method or other investments, the timing of the payment is not certain. in these cases, the maturity dates in the table reflect our best estimates.
(d)    as of december 31, 2023, the gross liability for uncertain tax positions, including interest, was $655.2 million and relates primarily to transfer pricing matters. based upon the information currently available and numerous possible outcomes, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount and period in which the liability might be paid, and did not include this amount in the contractual obligations table. in addition, we plan to vigorously contest through the judicial process the additional tax claimed by the irs related to transfer pricing issues for the 2015 through 2017 tax years which may require additional cash outflows. see note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements" for further information on these matters.
(e)    we acquire assets still in development, enter into research and development arrangements, acquire businesses, and sponsor certain clinical trials that often require milestone, royalty, or other future payments to third-parties, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events. in situations where we have no ability to influence the achievement of the milestone or otherwise avoid the payment, we have included those payments in the table above. however, we have excluded from the table contingent milestone payments and other contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payments or for which we can avoid making payment by unilaterally deciding to stop development of a product or cease progress of a clinical trial. we estimate that these contingent payments could be up to $1.6 billion if all milestones or other contingent obligations are met. this amount includes certain milestone-based contingent obligations that may be paid through a combination of cash and issuance of common stock, and certain sales-based royalties in excess of minimum payment thresholds related to litigation settlements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our results of operations and financial position are determined based upon the application of our accounting policies, as discussed in the notes to the "consolidated financial statements." certain of our accounting policies represent a selection among acceptable alternatives under gaap. in evaluating our transactions, management assesses all relevant gaap and chooses the accounting policy that most accurately reflects the nature of the transactions.
the application of accounting policies requires the use of judgments and estimates. these matters that are subject to judgments and estimates are inherently uncertain, and different amounts could be reported using different assumptions and estimates. management uses its best estimates and judgments in determining the appropriate amount to reflect in the consolidated financial statements, using historical experience and all available information. we also use outside experts where appropriate. we apply estimation methodologies consistently from year to year.
we believe the following are the critical accounting policies which could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management.
revenue recognition when we recognize revenue from the sale of our products, the amount of consideration we ultimately receive varies depending upon the return terms, sales rebates, discounts, and other incentives that we may offer, which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. the estimate of variable consideration requires significant judgment. we include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. the estimates of variable consideration and determination of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely upon an assessment of historical payment experience, historical relationship to revenues, estimated customer inventory levels, and current contract sales terms with direct and indirect customers. product returns are typically not significant because returns are generally not allowed unless the product is damaged at time of receipt. if the historical data and inventory estimates used to calculate the variable consideration do not approximate future activity, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows could be impacted.
in addition, in limited circumstances, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products, such as for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount of product to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls, and variation in product utilization all affect the estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
our sales adjustment related to distributor rebates given to our united states distributors represents the difference between our sales price to the distributor and the negotiated price to be paid by the end-customer. we validate the distributor rebate accrual quarterly through either a review of the inventory reports obtained from our distributors or an estimate of the distributor's inventory. this distributor inventory information is used to verify the estimated liability for future distributor rebate claims based on historical rebates and contract rates. we periodically monitor current pricing trends and distributor inventory levels to ensure the credit for future distributor rebates is fairly stated.
intangible assets and long-lived assets we acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations and asset purchases. the acquired intangible assets are recorded at fair value, which is determined based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the determination of fair value requires significant estimates, including, but not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to discount those cash flows, the assessment of the asset's life cycle, including the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects, and the consideration of legal, technical, regulatory, economic, and competitive risks.
in-process research and development assets acquired in business combinations is reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the carrying amount may be impaired. additionally, management reviews the carrying amounts of other intangible and long-lived assets whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be recoverable. the impairment reviews require significant estimates about fair value, including estimation of future cash flows, selection of an appropriate discount rate, and estimates of long-term growth rates.
contingent consideration we record contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. we determine the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the following factors:
•discount rates used to present value the projected cash flows;
•the probability of success of clinical events and regulatory approvals, and/or meeting commercial milestones; and
•projected payment dates.
on a quarterly basis, we revalue these obligations and record changes in their fair value as an adjustment to earnings. changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in our estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events, or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval.
the assumptions related to determining the value of contingent consideration include a significant amount of judgment, and any changes in the underlying estimates could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration expense recorded in any given period.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. realization of certain deferred tax assets, primarily tax credits, net operating loss and other carryforwards, is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods. failure to achieve forecasted taxable income in the applicable taxing jurisdictions could affect the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets and could result in an increase in our effective tax rate on future earnings.
we have made an accounting policy election to recognize the united states tax effects of global intangible low-taxed income as a component of income tax expense in the period the tax arises.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our income tax returns are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income amongst various tax jurisdictions. we evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions, including estimating the ultimate resolution to intercompany pricing controversies between countries when there are numerous possible outcomes. we review these tax uncertainties quarterly and adjust the liability as events occur that affect potential liabilities for additional taxes, such as the progress of tax audits, lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, negotiations between tax authorities, identification of new issues, and issuance of new legislation, regulations, or case law.
for additional details on our income taxes, see note 2 and note 18 to the "consolidated financial statements."
legal contingencies we are or may be a party to, or may otherwise be responsible for, pending or threatened lawsuits, including those related to products and services currently or formerly manufactured or performed by us, workplace and employment matters, matters involving real estate, our operations or health care regulations, or governmental investigations. we accrue for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a loss will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if we determine that a loss is possible, but not probable, and the range of the loss can be reasonably determined, then we disclose the range of the possible loss. these matters raise difficult and complex factual and legal issues and are subject to many uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the facts and circumstances of each particular case or claim, the jurisdiction in which each suit is brought, and differences in applicable law. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal accruals. we describe our legal proceedings in note 19 to the "consolidated financial statements."
new accounting standards information regarding new accounting standards is included in note 2 to the "consolidated financial statements."
