item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risk factors that may affect future results in item 1a. additionally, refer to item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") in our 2022 annual report on form 10-k for management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, which we filed with the sec on february 27, 2023 and is incorporated by reference into this form 10-k.
in this md&a section, we refer to the following "adjusted" financial measures: adjusted operating companies income (loss) ("oci"); adjusted oci margins; adjusted net earnings; adjusted diluted earnings per share ("eps"); and adjusted effective tax rates. we also refer to the ratio of debt-to-consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as defined in our credit agreement, which includes certain adjustments). these financial measures are not required by, or calculated in accordance with, united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and may not be calculated the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies. these financial measures should thus be considered as supplemental in nature and not considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. for a further description of these non-gaap financial measures, see the non-gaap financial measures section below.
executive summary our business we have a leading portfolio of tobacco products for u.s. tobacco consumers age 21+. our vision is to responsibly lead the transition of adult smokers to a smoke-free future. we are moving beyond smokingtm, leading the way in moving adult smokers away from cigarettes by taking action to transition millions to potentially less harmful choices - believing it is a substantial opportunity for adult tobacco consumers, our businesses and society.
as we execute on our vision, we established our 2028 enterprise goals ("2028 goals") to provide our investors with specific metrics to measure our progress. our 2028 goals are:
corporate
▪deliver a mid-single digits adjusted diluted eps compounded annual growth rate in 2028 from a $4.84 base in 2022;
▪a progressive dividend goal targeting mid-single digits dividend per share growth annually through 2028;
▪target a debt-to-consolidated ebitda ratio of approximately 2.0x;
▪maintain our leadership position in the u.s. tobacco space; and table of contents
▪maintain a total adjusted oci margin of at least 60% in each year through 2028 while investing behind innovative smoke-free products.
u.s. smoke-free portfolio
▪grow u.s. smoke-free volumes by at least 35% from our 2022 base of 800 million units by 2028; and
▪approximately double our u.s. smoke-free net revenues to $5 billion by 2028 from our 2022 base, with $2 billion sourced from innovative smoke-free products.
long-term growth
▪compete internationally in the top innovative oral tobacco markets and develop a pathway to participate in heated tobacco and e-vapor markets; and
▪enter non-nicotine categories with broad commercial distribution of at least five products by 2028.
see operating results by business segment and liquidity and capital resources for additional information on total adjusted oci margin and debt-to-consolidated ebitda, respectively.
our wholly owned subsidiaries include leading manufacturers of both combustible and smoke-free products. in combustibles, we own pm usa, the most profitable u.s. cigarette manufacturer, and middleton, a leading u.s. cigar manufacturer.
in smoke-free products, we own usstc, the leading global mst manufacturer, helix, a leading manufacturer of oral nicotine pouches and njoy, currently the only e-vapor manufacturer with market authorizations from the fda for a pod-based e-vapor product. additionally, we have a majority-owned joint venture, horizon, for the u.s. marketing and commercialization of hts products and, through a separate agreement, we have the exclusive u.s. commercialization rights to the iqos system and marlboro heatsticks through april 2024. as of this filing, there are no products in the u.s. marketplace from the joint venture or exclusive rights agreement.
on june 1, 2023, we acquired njoy holdings. for further details, see note 3. acquisition of njoy to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 3").
in march 2023, we entered into the stock transfer agreement and, in exchange, we received a non-exclusive, irrevocable global license to certain of juul's heated tobacco intellectual property.
the brand portfolios of our operating companies include marlboro, black & mild, copenhagen, skoal, on! and njoy. trademarks related to altria referenced in this form 10-k are the property of altria or our subsidiaries or are used with permission.
our investments in equity securities include abi, the world's largest brewer, and cronos, a leading canadian cannabinoid company.
for a description of altria, see item 1. business of this form 10-k ("item 1").
trends and developments in this md&a section, we discuss factors that have impacted our business as of the date of this form 10-k. in addition, we are aware of and address, in this section and other md&a sections, certain trends and developments that could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material impact on our business, including the value of our investments in equity securities, in the future. we focus in this trends and developments section on the cumulative effects of inflation, geopolitical events, recent regulatory actions, supply chain disruptions and illegal flavored disposable e-vapor products and their effects or potential effects on our business, including impacts on adult tobacco consumers and their purchasing behaviors.
we continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. while the annual rate of inflation declined during 2023, inflation remains above the federal reserve's target of 2%, which is a key benchmark for the federal reserve in determining the timing and magnitude of changes to the federal funds rate. we continue to observe discretionary income pressures on adult tobacco consumers as a result of the cumulative effects of inflation and higher consumer debt levels. during 2023, cigarette retail share for the industry discount segment increased year-over-year. we will continue to monitor the effect of these dynamics on adult tobacco consumer purchase behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products. we expect discretionary income pressures to continue to influence adult tobacco consumers' purchase behaviors in 2024. inflation also has a direct and adverse impact on our direct and indirect costs.
in the e-vapor category, illegal flavored disposable product usage increased in 2023 and currently comprises over 50% of the e-vapor category. the primary impacts of this trend have been an increase in the rate of cross-category movement among adult cigarette smokers, contributing to higher than expected domestic cigarette industry volume declines as well as declines in pod-based product volume within the e-vapor category.
tobacco companies are subject to broad and evolving regulatory and legislative frameworks that could have a material impact on our business. for example, the fda has submitted for final review proposed product standards regarding menthol in cigarettes and characterizing flavors in cigars, and the biden administration published plans for future potential regulatory actions that include the fda's plans to develop a proposed product standard that would establish a maximum nicotine level for cigarettes and certain other combustible tobacco products. in california, where a ban on flavored nicotine products went into effect in late 2022, we continue to table of contents observe indications of negative unintended consequences of the ban, such as adult tobacco consumer adoption of unregulated products and the development of illicit markets.
volatility in domestic and global economies and disruptions in the supply and distribution chains are expected to continue in 2024, resulting from several factors, including supply and demand imbalances across many commodity sectors, raw materials availability and geopolitical events. we continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through, among other actions, proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts and prudent oversight of our liquidity.
see operating results by business segment - business environment for additional information on the trends and developments discussed above.
abi's business has been and continues to be impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation and commodity cost headwinds. we will continue to monitor these conditions and other factors as they could affect our equity earnings and dividends that we receive from abi and the fair value of our investment in abi.
see note 7 for additional information on our investments in equity securities.
the trends and developments discussed above have not had a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we continue to monitor these trends and developments and potential financial impacts. additionally, we do not believe that these trends and developments have materially impacted our ability to achieve our vision. as the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision.
table of contents consolidated results of operations the changes in net earnings and diluted eps for the year ended december 31, 2023, from the year ended december 31, 2022, were due primarily to the following:
