management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates" and note 2. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements.
adverse financial market conditions or our inability to effectively manage our funding and liquidity risk could have a material adverse effect on our funding, liquidity and ability to meet our obligations.
we need to effectively manage our funding and liquidity in order to meet our cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit to our customers, payments of principal and interest on our borrowings and payments on our other obligations. our primary sources of funding and liquidity are collections from our customers, deposits, funds from securitized financings and proceeds from unsecured borrowings. if we do not have sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to meet our obligations, particularly during a liquidity stress event. if we maintain or are required to maintain too much liquidity, it could be costly and reduce our financial flexibility.
we will need additional financing in the future to refinance any existing debt and finance growth of our business. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as financial market conditions generally, including the availability of credit to the financial services industry, consumers' willingness to place money on deposit in the bank, our performance and credit ratings and the performance of our securitized portfolios. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the uncertainty and volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during periods of financial stress and other economic and political conditions in the global markets and concerning the level of u.s. government debt and fiscal measures that may be taken over the longer term to address these matters, may limit our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance maturing liabilities on desired terms (including funding costs) in a timely manner or at all. as a result, we may be forced to delay obtaining funding or be forced to issue or raise funding on undesirable terms, which could significantly reduce our financial flexibility and cause us to contract or not grow our business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions.
in addition, at december 31, 2023, we had an aggregate of $3.0 billion of undrawn credit facilities, subject to customary borrowing conditions, from private lenders under our securitization programs and an unsecured revolving credit facility. our ability to draw on such commitments is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including the applicable securitization trust having sufficient collateral to support the draw and the absence of an early amortization event. moreover, there are regulatory reforms that have been proposed or adopted in the united states and internationally that are intended to address certain issues that affected banks in the last financial crisis. these reforms, generally referred to as "basel iii," subject banks to more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage requirements. to the extent that the basel iii requirements result in increased costs to the banks providing undrawn committed capacity under our securitization programs, these costs are likely to be passed on to us. in addition, in response to basel iii, some banks in the market (including certain of the private lenders in our securitization programs) have added provisions to their credit agreements permitting them to delay disbursement of funding requests for 30 days or more. if our bank lenders require delayed disbursements of funding and/or higher pricing for committing undrawn capacity to us, our cost of funding and access to liquidity could be adversely affected.
while financial market conditions are generally stable, there can be no assurance that significant disruptions, uncertainties and volatility will not occur in the future. if we are unable to continue to finance our business, access capital markets and attract deposits on favorable terms and in a timely manner, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.
our inability to maintain or grow our deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity and ability to grow our business.
we obtain deposits directly from retail and commercial customers or through brokerage firms that offer our deposit products to their customers. at december 31, 2023, we had $67.0 billion in direct deposits and $14.2 billion in deposits originated through brokerage firms (including network deposit sweeps procured through a program arranger who channels brokerage account deposits to us). a key part of our liquidity plan and funding strategy is to continue to fund our growth through direct deposits.
the deposit business is highly competitive, with intense competition in attracting and retaining deposits. we compete on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits, features and benefits of our products, the quality of our customer service and the competitiveness of our digital banking capabilities. our ability to originate and maintain retail deposits is also highly dependent on the products we offer, the strength of the bank and the perceptions of consumers and others of our business practices and our financial health. adverse perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to difficulties in attracting and retaining deposits accounts. negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in a number of areas, including lending practices, the composition of our deposit base, regulatory compliance, inadequate protection of customer information or sales and marketing activities, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct.
the demand for the deposit products we offer may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as demographic patterns, macroeconomic shocks, significant changes in the level of interest rates, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers' disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products or the availability of competing products which may offer more features or perceived benefits than the bank's products. competition from other financial services firms and others that use deposit funding products may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability and liquidity.
in 2022, we launched a partnership with paypal holdings inc. to offer demand savings accounts exclusively to paypal customers. this, and other future affiliate banking products, could become important sources of funding and liquidity to the bank. to the extent such partnerships are dissolved, the bank may need to find suitable replacement sources of that funding and liquidity at potentially higher costs.
the federal deposit insurance act (the "fdia") prohibits an insured bank from accepting brokered deposits or offering interest rates on any deposits significantly higher than the prevailing rate in the bank's normal market area or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited), unless it is "well capitalized," or it is "adequately capitalized" and receives a waiver from the fdic. a bank that is "adequately capitalized" and accepts brokered deposits under a waiver from the fdic may not pay an interest rate on any deposit in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates. there are no such restrictions under the fdia on a bank that is "well capitalized" and at december 31, 2023, the bank met or exceeded all applicable requirements to be deemed "well capitalized" for purposes of the fdia. however, there can be no assurance that the bank will continue to meet those requirements. limitations on the bank's ability to accept brokered deposits for any reason (including regulatory limitations on the amount of brokered deposits in total or as a percentage of total assets) in the future could materially adversely impact our funding costs and liquidity. any limitation on the interest rates the bank can pay on deposits could competitively disadvantage us in attracting and retaining deposits and have a material adverse effect on our business.
changes in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings, funding and liquidity.
changes in market interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as certain of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. at december 31, 2023, 62% of our loan receivables were priced at a fixed interest rate to the customer, with the remaining 38% at a floating interest rate. we fund our assets with a combination of fixed rate and floating rate funding sources that include deposits, asset-backed securities and unsecured debt. the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate assets and the interest rate benchmark for our floating rate liabilities could reset at different times or could diverge, leading to mismatches in the interest rates on our floating rate assets and floating rate liabilities.
competitive and regulatory factors may limit our ability to raise interest rates on our loans. in addition, some of our program agreements limit the rate of interest we can charge to customers. if interest rates were to rise materially over a sustained period of time, like we experienced during 2022 and 2023, and we are unable to sufficiently raise our interest rates in a timely manner, or at all, our net interest margin could be adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
interest rates may also adversely impact our customers' spending levels and ability and willingness to pay amounts owed to us. our floating rate credit products bear interest at rates that fluctuate with the prime rate. higher interest rates often lead to higher payment obligations by customers to us and other lenders under mortgage, credit card and other consumer loans, which may reduce our customers' ability to remain current on their obligations to us and therefore lead to increased delinquencies, bankruptcies, charge-offs, allowances for credit losses, and decreasing recoveries, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings.
changes in interest rates and competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain deposits with us, and reductions in deposits could materially adversely affect our funding costs and liquidity.
we assess our interest rate risk by estimating the net interest income impact of various interest rate scenarios. we take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our net earnings, and could also increase our funding costs and reduce our liquidity, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different from our assumptions. for a discussion of interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-
