A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. We have detailed business continuity plans in place and periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales, and significant disruptions or production failures at our facilities in Puerto Rico or Thousand Oaks could significantly impair our ability to supply our products or continue our clinical trials. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Our reliance on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components heightens our vulnerability to natural or other disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, volcanoes or fires; labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of health emergencies; and cyberattacks exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software. Although we were able to reconnect our systems following restoration of vendors’ capabilities without significantly affecting product availability, a more extended service outage affecting these or other vendors, particularly single-source providers, could materially impair our operations. We continuously monitor complaints and adverse events and implement additional enhancements as needed. To reduce financial volatility, we have a program in place that is designed to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations through foreign currency hedging arrangements. The primary objective of our investment portfolio is to maintain safety of principal, prudent levels of liquidity and acceptable levels of risk, limiting interest-bearing security investments to instruments from investment-grade issuers and placing restrictions on maturities and concentration. To help meet our liquidity requirements, we have entered into various financing arrangements, including a syndicated revolving credit agreement amended in 2023 to provide up to $4 billion for general corporate purposes, including as a liquidity backstop, with $7 billion remaining available under our stock repurchase program as of December 31, 2023. Our capital allocation strategy includes investing in our business, reducing debt and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. Amgen’s approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, developing and retaining talent, while our settlement agreement with the DOJ and OIG requires us to maintain a corporate compliance program through April 2024. Global economic conditions may negatively affect us and magnify certain risks that affect our business, and operating cash provided by operating activities has been and is expected to continue to be our primary recurring source of funds. Our accumulated deficit is not anticipated to affect our future ability to operate, repurchase stock, pay dividends or repay our debt, given our expected continued profitability and strong financial position.