The report warns that “a failure in or breach of our operations or information systems, or those of third parties or the financial services industry, could cause disruptions, adversely impact our businesses, results of operations and financial condition, and cause legal or reputational harm,” and it acknowledges that “operational risk exposure exists throughout our organization … as a result of our extensive interactions with, and reliance on, third parties and the financial services industry, including the processing and reporting of a large number of transactions in many currencies and jurisdictions.” It cautions that “short‐term or prolonged disruptions to our critical business operations and customer services are possible due to computer, telecommunications, network, utility, electronic or physical infrastructure outages … operational disruptions and prolonged operational outages could also result from events arising from natural disasters, including acute and chronic weather events … as well as local or larger‐scale political or social matters, including civil unrest, terrorist acts and military conflict.” The company emphasizes that “effective management of our business continuity increasingly depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of such systems” and that “we continue to have greater reliance on our … remote access tools and technology, and employees’ personal systems and increased data utilization and dependence upon our information systems to operate our businesses remotely.” It further concedes that “regardless of the measures we have taken to implement training, procedures, backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations and bolster our operational resilience, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by significant disruptions … any backup systems or manual processes may not process data accurately and/or as quickly or effectively as our primary systems.” In its discussion of technology and cyber risk, the report states that “the corporation and third parties with whom we interact and/or on whom we rely … are subject to cybersecurity incidents, information and security breaches, and technology failures that have and in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct our businesses, result in the misuse, destruction or disclosure of information, damage our reputation, increase our regulatory and legal risks, result in additional costs or financial losses and/or otherwise adversely impact our businesses and results of operations,” and that “any future cybersecurity incident … suffered by us or our third parties could result in disruption to our day‐to‐day business activities, an inability to effect transactions, execute trades, service our customers, manage our exposure to risk, expand our businesses, detect and prevent fraudulent or unauthorized transactions … and cause reputational harm,” with “no assurance that future … incidents … will not have a material adverse impact on us.” Together, these disclosures highlight the bank’s focus on maintaining operational continuity, resilience and the capacity to adjust to internal or external disruptions, technological dependence, third‐party risks and evolving threats to its systems and services.