Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. Abbott's research and development programs focus on next-generation technologies, including enhanced patient engagement and expanded magnetic resonance compatibility, as well as development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping, and visualization and recording and monitoring. Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. The company has incurred and assumed significant indebtedness, which has increased consolidated interest expense and could decrease business flexibility. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on its financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond its control. The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may affect Abbott's future revenues and operating income, and Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business, and both in the U.S. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements that could adversely impact the demand for and usage of Abbott's products. Abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products, which may be safer, more effective, or have lower prices or superior performance features. The company must make ongoing substantial expenditures in research and development without assurance of commercial success, and failure to launch successful new products or technologies may cause Abbott's revenues and operating results to suffer. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally, including differing local product preferences and product requirements, trade protection measures, and political and economic instability. The company has recorded charges for restructuring plans as part of the integration of acquisitions to leverage economies of scale and reduce costs. Abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets, as well as developing enhancements and additional indications for its continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients manage diabetes.