Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The level of importance of each of the following risks may vary from time to time, and any of these risks may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Failure to comply with, or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. We are unable to determine the additional impact that any of this will have on our ability to attract and retain clients or demand for our health care compliance solutions. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. We have programs in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events. We are one of the largest providers of cloud-based human capital management technology solutions to employers around the world. As a leader in this industry, we deliver on our global HCM strategy and make investments in highly strategic areas and technology in order to strengthen our underlying business model and prospects for continued growth. We are reshaping the HCM industry through organic innovative development such as our next-gen platforms and our strategic acquisitions. With these investments, we are enhancing our position as the only global HCM provider that can help businesses address the entire worker spectrum from full-time to freelancer and hire to retire. We continue to be focused on staying ahead of the curve. Through our investments in technology, service, and distribution, we intend to continue to build on our momentum heading into future periods. We are executing upon a voluntary early retirement program and have also identified additional operational improvement initiatives through the formation of our transformation office. These transformation initiatives support our ongoing strategy which is aimed at streamlining our operations and extending our world-class distribution while leveraging our talent and culture.