We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We have also invested in our IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas, and we are in the process of acquiring Celgene, which will further position us as a leading biopharmaceutical company. The success of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from successfully combining our and Celgene's businesses, which includes integrating our IT systems and processes. We continue to drive growth of prioritized brands by expanding into additional indications and tumor types, leveraging our IT capabilities to support these initiatives. Our operating model continues to evolve, and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D, and manufacturing resources on prioritized brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection, and new biomarkers. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio. We are committed to investigating Opdivo alone and in combination with Yervoy and other anti-cancer agents for a wide array of tumor types, and we continue to advance our early-stage portfolio in immunoscience, cardiovascular, and fibrotic diseases while strengthening our partnerships with a diverse group of companies and academic institutions in new and expanded research activities.