We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. The markets for our services are highly competitive from new and existing competitors. Our principal competitors include other vendors of financial services technology, data processing affiliates of large companies, and processing centers owned and operated as user cooperatives. We expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new well-funded competitors and new technologies, including large technology, media, and other companies not historically in the financial services industry, start-ups, and international providers of similar products and services to ours. If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or have trouble attracting new clients, and our ability to grow may be limited. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, billers, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. Security incidents or other technological risks involving our systems and data, or those of our clients or vendors, could expose us to liability or damage our reputation. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our associates, our clients, and their customers. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data, or the systems or data of our clients or vendors. Operational failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our products or services could harm our business and reputation. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks, or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties, or events over which we may have limited or no control. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The market for products and services offered by financial institutions continues to evolve rapidly. The traditional financial industry and other market entrants regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered by different types of financial institutions continue to narrow as they seek to serve the same customers. The evolving regulatory and cybersecurity landscape has continued to create a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We anticipate that we will benefit over the long term from the trend of financial institutions moving from in-house technology to outsourced solutions as they seek to remain current on technology changes in an evolving marketplace. We believe that economies of scale in developing and maintaining the infrastructure, technology, products, services, and networks necessary to be competitive in such an environment are essential to justify these investments, and we anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions, including electronic transactions through digital channels, will continue to increase, which we expect to create revenue opportunities for us.