The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, which can create new risks. The company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations, resulting in significant financial impacts. The company has implemented a variety of measures to enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks. The objective of these efforts is to protect against future cyber-attacks and improve the speed of recovery from such attacks, enabling continued business operations during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks. There can be no assurance that the company's efforts to protect its data and IT systems will be successful in preventing disruptions to its operations, including its manufacturing, research, and sales operations. Any such disruption could result in loss of revenue or critical information and could also result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to the company and potentially substantial remediation costs. The company is also subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect the business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position, and prospects. The company depends on third parties for key aspects of its business, including support for its information technology systems, and failure of these third parties to meet their obligations could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company continues to invest in its technology infrastructure to support its operational efficiency and strategic resource allocation. The company's research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing research and development resources on candidates capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, focusing on supplementing internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy. The company also reviews its pipeline to examine candidates that may provide more value through out-licensing. The company's clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas and is designed to optimize the shelf life of inventory in relation to anticipated market demand. The company maintains a conservative financial profile and places its cash and investments in instruments that meet high credit quality standards, as specified in its investment policy guidelines.