The markets in which we participate are intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively our business and operating results will be adversely affected. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. We expect competition to intensify as the market for service management matures and new technologies and competitors enter the market. Our current competitors include large, well-established enterprise application software vendors, solutions developed in-house by our potential customers, large integrated systems vendors, and established and emerging cloud vendors. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to our enterprise cloud solutions. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements, and buying practices. If we do not accurately predict, prepare for, and respond promptly to rapidly evolving technological, market, and customer developments, our competitive position and business prospects may be harmed. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as public and private cloud solutions, mobile, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and other digital technologies increasingly become the basis for customer purchases. Accordingly, to compete effectively in our rapidly changing markets, we must identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies, accurately predict our customers' changing business needs and priorities, and successfully deliver new platform and database technologies that scale to meet these needs. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data, including personally identifiable information and financial information. While we have security measures in place designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss, these measures may be breached, resulting in unauthorized access to our customers' data. We devote significant financial and personnel resources to implement and maintain security measures; however, as cybersecurity threats develop and grow more complex, it may be necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. Our business depends upon the successful implementation of our products by our customers, and we increasingly rely on our network of partners to deliver implementation services. Various factors, including our customers' business, integration, migration, and security requirements, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed or otherwise unsuccessful. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability, and harm our reputation and financial results. Our subscription revenues are primarily comprised of subscription fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, related support, and updates during the subscription term. For our cloud services, we recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract. We typically invoice our customers annually in advance for our subscription services upon execution of the initial contract or subsequent renewal. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, though a customer can terminate for breach if we materially fail to perform. Our professional services arrangements are primarily on a time-and-materials basis, and revenues on these arrangements are recognized as the services are delivered. Our ability to attract new customers, retain and increase sales to existing customers, and satisfy our customers' requirements is critical to our business performance.