Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies, including 5G; our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on these technologies; and customers' demand for our products and services. We depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt and/or implement the latest generation of these technologies for use in their networks, devices, and services. We also depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new 3G/4G and 3G/4G/5G multi-mode devices. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and/or those of our customers and/or licensees. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors that include device manufacturer concentrations, vertical integration, growth in demand, consumption, and competition in certain geographic regions, government intervention, evolving industry standards and business models, and increasing data traffic and densification of wireless networks. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications and technological changes. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G- and 5G-based technologies, as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products, and services into new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments. We expect initial commercial 5G network deployments and device launches to begin in calendar 2019. We believe that 5G technologies will empower a new era of smartphones and connected devices and will drive transformation across industries beyond traditional cellular communications, creating new business models and new services. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and may challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our business, particularly our QCT segment, may continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products, and intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products. We expect to continue making substantial investments in research and development for new technologies, applications, and services for voice and data communications, which are critical for maintaining our competitive advantage and operational flexibility in a rapidly evolving market.