We make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers, clients and employees. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. We rely heavily on network systems and the internet and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Innovation and constant development in support of new products and enhancements to existing products calls for the implementation of new and improved processes and technologies that require related change management efforts. Our strategy includes transforming technology infrastructure to support growth, improve cost efficiency and mitigate cyber risk. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, which could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation and regulatory actions, and lead to loss of customer confidence in our security measures and reliability, which would harm our ability to retain customers and gain new ones. Our businesses are subject to increasing regulation of the financial services and commodities industries in Europe and elsewhere, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business and competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. Our ability to attract and retain customers is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation, and negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects and the public generally, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees and suppliers. Our ability to develop, maintain and support our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained employees.