We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and SaaS solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats pose potential risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new global ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties discussed below that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience loss of market share, additional expense and harm to our reputation. The markets in which we compete are highly competitive. New products and surgical procedures are introduced on an ongoing basis and our present or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by technological advances by our competitors, who may respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns, have greater financial, marketing and other resources or be more successful in attracting potential customers, employees and strategic partners. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions or uncertainties that affect the capital markets. We are subject to data privacy and protection regulations and laws globally, and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such regulations and laws. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and are subject to evolving interpretation and we have in the past been, and in the future could be, required to incur substantial costs to monitor compliance or to alter our practices.