Our business depends on our information technology systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates, and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers and service providers. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including those of suppliers and service providers, to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning, purchasing, sales, supply chain management, inventory management, point-of-sale processing, e-commerce, human resources, financial management, communications, safeguarding information, and compliance with legal obligations. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future information technology needs and successfully develop and implement appropriate systems that can provide the right support at the right time. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on the ongoing integrity, security, and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems. As is common in the retail industry, our information technology systems, as well as those of our suppliers and service providers, are targeted by attempts to access personal or sensitive information, attempts to steal money, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of software or product vulnerabilities, employee malfeasance, skimmers and shimmers, and other forms of cyber attacks. Such damage or interruption could materially impair our ability to operate our business or otherwise result in material impacts on our operating results. Compromises of our data security, disruptions in our information technology systems, or failure to satisfy the information technology needs of our business could result in material loss or liability, materially impact our operating results, or materially harm our reputation. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risk of data security compromises and information technology failures or disruptions. While we have implemented measures designed to further strengthen these policies, procedures, and controls, we may suffer a similar event in the future. These measures also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training, and compliance. There is a risk of material business disruption, liability, and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify, or replace our systems and infrastructure. As we continue to grow, particularly if we expand into additional countries, our substantial size can make it challenging to manage our complex operations effectively and to maintain appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These challenges increase as we grow our business and may add pressure to management and to various functions across our business, including administration, systems, including information technology systems, merchandising, store operations, distribution, logistics, and compliance. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce the rate of expansion or otherwise curtail growth, which may adversely affect our business plans, sales, and results. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels, and as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment, or acquisition. Managing growth effectively can be difficult, and various circumstances could adversely affect our expansion plans, including the need to find and lease appropriate real estate on attractive terms.