We must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. Demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. Our strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. We are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets and allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects. Our company develops, manufactures, and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide, and we expand the product lines and services we offer by developing and commercializing our own technologies. We periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. As we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen, which could disrupt our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. Our information technology systems are essential to process, transmit and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, and other attempts to harm our systems. Significant disruptions or breaches in security of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. We rely on our information technology systems to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities, such as interacting with suppliers, selling our products and services, fulfilling orders, and tracking customer activity. Our ability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements is crucial. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites, as we rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell. We have significant operations in areas susceptible to natural disasters, which could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets we serve, and any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services. Our company is subject to various local, state, federal, foreign, and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of various regulatory authorities. Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business, and we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect our products. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products.