Our ability to compete will depend on, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, attractive pricing, and cost management, all of which will involve significant expenses. We expect market saturation to continue to cause the wireless industry's customer growth rate to be moderate in comparison with historical growth rates, or possibly negative, leading to ongoing competition for customers. The increasing demands on our network capacity from customers' appetite for data services will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins. We will need to acquire additional spectrum to continue our customer growth, expand and deepen our coverage, maintain our quality of service, meet increasing customer demands, and deploy new technologies. Our ability to attract and retain customers and our business, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected if we fail to gain access to necessary spectrum before reaching network capacity. We face intense and increasing competition from other service providers as industry sectors converge, which may adversely affect our competitive position and ability to grow. Significant technological changes continue to impact the communications industry, and we will need to adapt to future changes in technology, continually invest in our network, and enhance our existing offerings. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of our customers' confidential information, and unauthorized access to this information may be difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent. We are subject to the threat of unauthorized access or disclosure of confidential information by malicious actors, third parties, or employees, which could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of that information. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to sensitive data must be continually evaluated and revised to address the evolving threat landscape. We rely upon both our systems and networks and the systems and networks of other providers and suppliers to provide and support our services. Failure of our or others' systems, networks, or infrastructure may prevent us from providing reliable service or may allow for unauthorized use or interference with our networks and other systems. We are in the process of implementing a new billing system, which will support a portion of our subscribers while maintaining our legacy billing system. Any unanticipated difficulties or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We depend heavily on suppliers for the efficient operation of our business, and the failure of our suppliers to comply with our expectations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business, financial condition, and operating results are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates and consumer credit conditions. We may pursue acquisitions of businesses or technologies that complement or expand our business, which could present financial, managerial, and operational challenges. We rely heavily on IT systems as an important part of our internal controls to operate, transact, and manage our business. Failure to design and maintain effective internal controls over our IT systems could result in inaccurate financial statements or disclosures. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our operational risks, and our significant indebtedness could adversely affect our business and financial condition.