Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. We rely on information technology systems throughout our company to keep financial records and customer data, process orders, manage inventory, coordinate shipments to customers, maintain confidential and proprietary information, assist in semiconductor engineering and other technical activities and operate other critical functions such as internet connectivity, network communications and email. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could materially and adversely affect our business or reputation. We may also be subject to security breaches caused by computer viruses, illegal break-ins or hacking, sabotage, or acts of vandalism by third parties or our employees or contractors. Our security measures or those of our third party service providers may not detect or prevent security breaches, defects, bugs or errors. In addition, we provide our confidential and proprietary information to our strategic partners in certain cases where doing so is necessary to conduct our business. While we employ confidentiality agreements to protect such information, nonetheless those third parties may also be subject to security breaches or otherwise compromise the protection of such information. Security breaches of our information technology systems or those of our partners could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential and proprietary information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage. Our ability to execute our business strategy will be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit or retain our key personnel. Our continued success depends to a significant extent upon the recruitment, retention and effective succession of our executive officers and key management and technical personnel, particularly our experienced engineers. The competition for these employees is intense. The loss of the services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We may need to invest in or acquire other companies, purchase or license technology from third parties, or enter into other strategic transactions in order to introduce new products or enhance our existing products. An element of our business strategy involves expansion through the acquisitions of businesses, assets, products or technologies that allow us to complement our existing product offerings, diversify our product portfolio, expand our market coverage, increase our engineering workforce, expand our technical skill sets or enhance our technological capabilities. We may not be able to find businesses that have the technology or resources we need and, if we find such businesses, we may not be able to invest in, purchase or license the technology or resources on commercially favorable terms or at all. Acquisitions, investments and technology licenses are difficult to identify and complete for a number of reasons, including the cost of potential transactions, competition among prospective buyers and licensees, the need for regulatory approvals, and difficulties related to integration efforts. In addition, investments in private companies are subject to a risk of a partial or total loss of our investment. We rely on third-party suppliers, subcontractors and manufacturers for some industry-standard wafers, manufacturing processes, assembly and test services, and transportation, and we generally cannot control their availability or conditions of supply. This reliance involves several risks, including reduced control over availability, capacity utilization, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, and costs. If our suppliers are unable or unwilling to manufacture and deliver components to us on the time schedule and of the quality or quantity that we require or provide us with required manufacturing processes, we may be forced to seek to engage additional or replacement suppliers, which could result in additional expenses and delays in product development or shipment of product to our customers.