AEP's performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, which involves many risks, including information technology failure that impairs AEP's information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, and the operation of these facilities is dependent on information technology systems. The computer systems that run these facilities are not completely isolated from external networks, making them potential targets for cyber attacks. A successful cyber attack could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues, and could lead to litigation, fines, and damage to AEP's reputation. AEP has a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and systems, but there is a risk that AEP could experience a successful cyber attack despite current security posture and regulatory compliance efforts. Additionally, compliance with mandatory reliability standards may subject AEP to higher operating costs and increased capital expenditures, with no assurance that the applicable commissions will approve full recovery in a timely manner. The ability to maintain relatively low-cost, efficient, and reliable operations, to establish fair regulatory mechanisms, and to provide cost-effective programs and services to customers are significant determinants of AEP's competitiveness. Changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises, as advances in technology are reducing costs to levels that make them competitive with traditional electricity production and delivery. Furthermore, AEP's business plan for the construction of new projects involves risks, including construction delays and nonperformance by suppliers, which could impact the company's ability to recover costs associated with investments. AEP's management expects that a growing portion of its earnings in the future will be derived from transmission investments and activities, and believes that its experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives it an advantage over competitors in securing authorization for new projects. However, there can be no assurance that regulatory bodies will authorize new transmission projects or that AEP will be able to recover costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis. The evolving nature of information technology capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency. AEP's ability to effectively support business needs through its IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force, as it represents the application of IT resources to further organizational goals.