The company's success depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. The company's business depends largely on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs while ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge the company's complex integrated environment. The company's success is dependent on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. The company faces risks related to the interruption in telecommunication, information technology, and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, which could harm the company's business. The company relies on third parties to provide information technology and data services, and while it provides for appropriate protections through its contracts and performs information security risk assessments, it still has limited control over their actions and practices. The company has made significant investments in its brand, and maintaining its stature as a trustworthy insurer is critical to its reputation. The company must also comply with restrictions on customer privacy and information security, including ensuring that third-party service providers maintain security, integrity, confidentiality, and availability. The company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as changes in its businesses and markets, leading to risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored, or managed. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations to these strategies. The company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, and employees is critical, and it faces competition for these resources. The company's operations are subject to extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities, which may impact profitability and growth. The company is also exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company's investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio with the needs of the company's liability structure. The company seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, u.s. dollar-denominated investments hedged back to yen, and a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated assets. The company has engaged in foreign currency hedging activities to mitigate exposure to foreign exchange risk, and its investment in aflac japan is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. The company has designated certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of its net investment in aflac japan, and the effectiveness of these hedges is monitored regularly. The company has also undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's solvency margin ratio to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes.