Our business is affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market and political conditions. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers, and employees. We recognize that climate change potentially poses a serious financial threat to society as a whole, with implications for the insurance industry in areas such as catastrophe risk perception, pricing, and modeling assumptions. We understand that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. Our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit, driven by the respective operating segments and aig parent. The primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management, and growth of surplus to support the insurance products. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities. We are exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of instruments. Changes in equity prices can affect the valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds, and mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other equity-linked capital market instruments as well as equity-linked insurance products. We are engaged in a variety of insurance, investment, and other financial services businesses that expose us to market risk, directly and indirectly. We have set risk limits based on modeled losses from certain terrorism attack scenarios. We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks. We have established a risk management framework that includes policies, standards, and deployment of systems. We use a proprietary internal capital and stress testing framework to measure our quantifiable risks for both insurance and non-insurance operations. We develop a range of stress scenarios based on both internal experience and regulatory guidance. We use a number of approaches to measure our market risk exposure, including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis, and stress testing. Our operational risk governance sets the requirements necessary to embed a risk management culture throughout the organization. We have developed and continue to develop enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed. We are subject to financial guarantees and indemnity arrangements in connection with our sales of businesses. These arrangements may be triggered by declines in asset values, specified business contingencies, the realization of contingent liabilities, litigation developments, or breaches of representations, warranties, or covenants provided by us. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology systems for interacting with customers, brokers, and employees.