We depend heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms, and data to perform necessary business functions. Our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences, using surcharges along with pricing discounts for both new business and renewal business. We are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer as it relates to personal automobile transportation. Our business could also be affected by potential technological changes, such as autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles or technologies that facilitate ride, car, or home sharing. We continually enhance our cyber and information security to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems. We have experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures, and disruptions, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory penalties, and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss. We utilize various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors. Our catastrophe management strategy may adversely affect premium growth due to catastrophe risk management efforts. We have continued to take actions to maintain an appropriate level of exposure to catastrophic events while continuing to meet the needs of our customers. We employ various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors. Our sophisticated pricing and underwriting methods have allowed us to offer competitive pricing to attract and retain more customers while continuing to operate profitably. However, many of our competitors seek to adopt underwriting criteria and sophisticated pricing models similar to those we use, which could lead to a decline in our competitive advantage. Our ability to successfully operate may also be impaired if we are not effective in developing the talent and skills of our human resources, attracting and assimilating new executive talent into our organization, retaining experienced and qualified employees, or deploying human resource talent consistently with our business goals. We are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer as it relates to personal automobile transportation. Our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences. Our business could also be affected by potential technological changes, such as autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles or technologies that facilitate ride, car, or home sharing. We have opened several digital operating centers to handle auto claims countrywide utilizing our virtual estimation capabilities, which includes estimating damage through photos and video. We are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer as it relates to personal automobile transportation. Our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences. We continually enhance our cyber and information security to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems. We have experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures, and disruptions.