The industries that Applied serves can be volatile and difficult to predict, as demand for manufacturing equipment and services can change depending on several factors, including the nature and timing of technology inflections and advances in fabrication processes. To meet rapidly changing demand, Applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity across its businesses. During periods of increasing demand, Applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand; effectively manage its supply chain; and continue to control costs. Applied is exposed to risks associated with an uncertain global economy, which may cause certain customers to push out, cancel, or refrain from purchasing equipment or services, adversely impacting revenues and financial condition. The global semiconductor, display, and related industries are characterized by ongoing changes affecting demand for and profitability of Applied's products, including the increasing importance of establishing and maintaining strong relationships with customers and the need for customers to continually reduce the total cost of manufacturing system ownership. Applied's future success depends on many factors, including the development of new technologies and effective commercialization and customer acceptance of its equipment, services, and related products. The development, introduction, and support of a broadening set of products in a geographically diverse and competitive environment have grown more complex and expensive over time. To compete successfully, Applied must identify and address technology inflections, market changes, new applications, customer requirements, and end-use demand. Applied's strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections and expanding its served market opportunities in the semiconductor and display industries. The company is in the process of implementing new enterprise resource planning and related information systems to better manage its business operations, align its global organizations, and enable future growth. If Applied does not successfully implement these systems, it may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, which could result in operational difficulties and adversely affect its business. Applied's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is vital to its success, as the company's competitiveness and ability to execute on its global strategies depend on its workforce's skills and experience. The loss or retirement of employees can present challenges, particularly if it involves knowledgeable and experienced staff, leading to unexpected costs and reduced productivity. Applied's investments in research, development, and engineering must enable it to deliver new products and technologies before the emergence of strong demand, allowing customers to incorporate these products into their manufacturing plans. The company must also improve its manufacturing processes and achieve cost efficiencies across product offerings to maintain a competitive advantage in the equipment and service products it provides.