The company's growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, which are dependent upon various factors, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the financial, technological, and management processes, procedures, and controls of the acquired businesses with those of existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. The company’s information technology systems may be impacted by natural or man-made disruptions, including cybersecurity attacks, other information technology attacks or failures, and other unforeseen events, which could significantly disrupt operations, delay production and shipments, and result in legal exposure and large remediation or other expenses. The company emphasizes investment in research, development, and engineering, spending $221.2 million in 2017, which is directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions. The company’s operational excellence initiatives are designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the highly competitive industries in which it operates. The company’s information technology capabilities have been evolving to encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company believes that its future success depends, in part, on its ability to develop technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards, which requires continued investment in research and development. The company’s operations are affected by global, regional, and industry economic factors, and its strategic geographic and industry diversification has helped mitigate the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country. The company’s ability to meet financial covenants or requirements in its debt facilities may be affected by events beyond its control, and a breach of these covenants could result in an event of default. The company’s markets are highly competitive, and it competes with individual producers and vertically integrated manufacturers, some of which have resources greater than those of the company. The principal elements of competition for the company’s products are product technology, quality, service, distribution, and price. The company’s ability to effectively support business needs has become key in transforming it into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company’s facilities, supply chains, distribution systems, products, and information technology systems may be impacted by various disruptions, and the company’s disaster recovery planning and security upgrade efforts may be ineffective or inadequate in such circumstances. The company’s operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are critical to its ability to respond to market dynamics and competitive actions. The company’s strategic management practices and technology infrastructure support its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and achieving performance gains.