This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs, and affect our reputation. Our systems also contain and utilize a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends, and forecasts. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive data. We also face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. The pricing data that we submit to the U.S. government impacts the payment rates for providers, rebates we pay, and discounts we are required to provide under Medicare, Medicaid, and other government drug programs. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be impacted by compliance with regulatory requirements, changes in forecasts of future demand, and timing and actual number of production runs. We are also required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial sites and patients to support the product label claims. The timing of reimbursement policy decisions can affect our business. Legislative or regulatory changes in the United States or other federal or state government initiatives that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. Our long-term success depends, to a great extent, on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time in order to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched.