Our business is subject to government and tax regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. Our computer systems or network operation centers, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure is a critical factor in our business. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets and personnel. Integration may significantly burden management and internal resources, including through the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. If we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. Our towers, data centers or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. If we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results. We may also be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons including structural deficiencies, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage.