Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, and if we do not appropriately manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. We must continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting processes and procedures and implement more extensive and integrated financial and business information systems. Our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions or fraud. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate effectively and in the intended manner, may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. We expect to continue to invest heavily in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and build upon our technology leadership. We believe one of our greatest strengths lies in the speed of our product development efforts. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires that we successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards and changing end-customer needs. We have made design changes to our products for sale in the United States to address the features that were found to infringe the patent claims underlying the remedial orders. Our ability to successfully manage product introductions and transitions will depend on a number of factors including timely and successful product development, market acceptance of our new products, and our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues. We rely on third-party manufacturers to build our products, and we are susceptible to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. Our reliance on component suppliers also yields the potential for their infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property rights with respect to components which may be incorporated into our products. We may not be indemnified by such component suppliers for such infringement or misappropriation claims. Our product development efforts are also dependent upon our continued collaboration with our key merchant silicon vendors. We may be unable to develop alternate sources for those components in a timely manner. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications and hardware that is developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts. Any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, particularly software engineering and sales personnel, is critical to our success. The competition for highly skilled personnel is often intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay area. If we are unable to hire, retain, train and motivate qualified personnel and senior management, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer. We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations. Our ability to grow our business and our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide.