Our operations depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. We depend on information technology capabilities delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers. Our information technology systems have in the past been and in the future likely will be subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of information about our employees, vendors, and customers. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States, particularly in high-growth markets. We are actively investing significant capital and other resources in developing markets, which present special risks, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, inadequate investment in infrastructure, and unfamiliar regulatory environments. Our contractual relationships within these jurisdictions may be subject to cancellation without full compensation for loss. The operation of our facilities inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire, and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices and realize expected synergies and operating efficiencies. The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information.