Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to our dependence on a small number of end customers and contract manufacturers for a majority of our business, revenue, and results of operations. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that utilizes third-party wafer foundry and module assembly and test capabilities. We depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs and to produce products of acceptable quality. Moreover, we depend on our third-party contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes, including transitions to smaller geometry process technologies. If these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or deliver products to our customers. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies, augment our market coverage, or enhance our technological capabilities. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or consummate any such transactions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is dependent on winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," which often require us to incur significant expense. The timing of design wins is unpredictable, and implementing production for a major design win may strain our resources and those of our contract manufacturers. We utilize various IT systems, including networks, applications, internal IT systems, and outsourced services for financial reporting and product orders. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations due to factors such as customer concentration, the timing of product launches, and changes in our product mix. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce, and market new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our overall net revenue increased primarily due to strong organic year-over-year growth and the full year contribution from acquired products. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our recent acquisitions. Our liquidity needs have increased as a result of completing acquisitions, and we may seek to obtain new debt or equity financing for future growth opportunities. We are subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. Our success depends in part upon protecting our intellectual property, and we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects, which could adversely affect market acceptance and damage our reputation.