This section highlights specific risks that could affect us and our businesses, including the impact of difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, which may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with various payment methods, including evolving and growing alternative, non-traditional payment and financing providers. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. Our ability to invest successfully in technological developments across all our businesses is critical, as the industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. We need to continue to invest across all areas of our business, including transaction processing, data management and analytics, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms, authentication technologies, and risk management and compliance systems. The process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly, and uncertain. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We rely on third-party service providers for acquiring customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to our operations, which may adversely affect our business if their activities do not meet our expectations. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our relationships with, and revenues related to, cobrand partners are critical, and competition for these relationships is intense. We may not be successful in maintaining these partner relationships or that they will remain profitable. The competitive value of our closed-loop data may also be diminished as traditional and non-traditional competitors use other, new data sources and technologies to derive similar insights. We may not be able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers, and effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies. Our ability to manage operational and compliance risks is essential, as operational risk includes the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation due to technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, and similar events. If our information technology systems experience a significant disruption or breach, it could lead to the loss of data or data integrity, regulatory investigations, increased litigation, remediation and response costs, and reputational damage. We have developed and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change.