In the course of conducting our business operations, we are exposed to a variety of risks, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others that are more specific to our own businesses. Our operational and security systems infrastructure, including our computer systems, data management, and internal processes, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may expose us to risk due to human error, misconduct, or failure. We have taken measures to implement backup systems and other safeguards to support our operations, but our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by significant disruptions. Technology project implementation challenges may cause business interruptions, and our ability to implement backup systems with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with our own systems. Cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the use of internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. Our businesses rely on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks. The existence of cyber attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. Our risk and exposure to these matters remain heightened due to various factors, including our plans to continue to implement our internet banking and mobile banking channel strategies. We face significant and increasing competition in the financial services industry, and technological advances have made it easier for non-depository institutions to offer products and services traditionally associated with banking. Our business model is based on a diversified mix of businesses that provide a broad range of financial products and services, delivered through multiple distribution channels. Our success depends on our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. We continuously update the systems on which we rely to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations globally. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Our risk management framework is designed to minimize risk and loss, and we seek to identify, measure, monitor, report, and control our exposure to the types of risk to which we are subject, including strategic, credit, market, liquidity, compliance, operational, and reputational risks. We employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and mitigation techniques, including hedging strategies, to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. Our risk framework requires strong risk management practices to be integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes and in day-to-day business processes. We utilize various models to assess and control our market risk exposures, which are subject to inherent limitations. The accuracy of these models depends on the availability and quality of historical data for each of the risk factors in the portfolio.