Breaches of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. Our information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. Cyber-attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen. Likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our relationships with vendors, business partners, and customers. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration, or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. Cyber-attacks could result in unauthorized access to our systems and products which could also result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. While we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect the company against unauthorized access to our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent, and adaptive. There can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. In addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. There can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval, or gain market acceptance. Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets. Many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark, and other intellectual property assets. These intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. We can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges, or governmental action. The loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition, or cash flows. Our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks. Our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption laws.