We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. We maintain cyber insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. Competition is keen and includes lower-priced generics and increasingly aggressive generic commercialization tactics, new competitive products entering the market, particularly in immuno-oncology, lower prices for other companies' products, real or perceived superior efficacy or safety profiles, technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers, and competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new products to markets. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. We derive a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. If we are not able to achieve the cost savings we expect, this could negatively impact our operating margin and earnings results. Our commercial model has been evolving, and revenues from our marketed product portfolio continue to grow, which demonstrates strong execution of our strategy. We continue to drive growth of our key brands by expanding into additional indications and tumor types, leveraging our technology capabilities and strategic resource allocation to enhance our operational efficiency and market responsiveness. The evolution in our operating model will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial, and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio.