We rely on information technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber attacks, and we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent. A significant disruption or failure of our information technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security violations, regulatory compliance failures, an inability to protect information and assets against intruders, and other operational difficulties. Attacks perpetrated against our information systems could result in loss of assets and critical information and expose us to remediation costs and reputational damage. Although we have taken steps intended to mitigate these risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could lead to misappropriation of assets or data corruption and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if we are unable to acquire, implement, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage, which could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our operating businesses face intense competitive pressures within markets in which they operate. While we manage our businesses with the objective of achieving long-term sustainable growth by developing and strengthening competitive advantages, many factors, including market and technology changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, future operating results will depend to some degree on whether our operating units are successful in protecting or enhancing their competitive advantages. We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our various businesses. In our decentralized business model, we need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. We believe that the board’s succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units helps to mitigate this risk. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Such regulations may relate to, among other things, the types of business that can be written, the rates that can be charged for coverage, the level of capital that must be maintained, and restrictions on the types and size of investments that can be made. Changes in regulations related to these or other matters or regulatory actions imposing restrictions on our insurance companies may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. We also believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett, and Berkshire’s corporate investment managers.