The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely on information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner are critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity attacks that have resulted in unauthorized parties gaining access to our information technology systems and networks, and we could in the future experience similar attacks. However, to date, no cybersecurity attack has had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. While we actively manage information technology security risks within our control, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and data. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We are actively engaged in a number of initiatives to increase our productivity, efficiency and cash flow, which we expect to have a positive long-term effect on our business, competitive position, results of operations and financial condition. For example, one such initiative is to implement sustained improvements in our operational efficiency and order-to-delivery processes so that our lead time is better aligned with customer requirements, as well as to reduce waste, further enhance quality and maximize value for our customers. We expect to incur additional restructuring charges as we continue to contemplate cost reduction actions in an effort to optimize our cost structure and may not achieve the anticipated savings and benefits of these actions. In response to economic and business conditions, we have taken significant restructuring and cost reduction actions in recent years. We expect to take additional restructuring actions as we continue to optimize our cost structure and improve the efficiency of our operation, which may reduce our profitability in the periods incurred. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. We sell finished products primarily through an independent dealer network and directly to OEMs and are subject to risks relating to their inventory management decisions and operational and sourcing practices. We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits from cash flow improvement initiatives and efficiency or productivity initiatives. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. The impact from a change in liquidity and credit policies could negatively affect the customers and markets we serve or our suppliers, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are also subject to the risks of labor unrest, negative publicity and business disruption in connection with our cost reduction actions. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations.