Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to technological developments and customers' increasing technological requirements, which could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. The industries we serve experience rapid technology developments, rapid changes in industry standards, and frequent introductions and improvements of new products. To compete successfully, we must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum of designers and designer expertise in our industries. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our system design enablement strategy requires the development or acquisition of products and expertise in new areas of technology. Our inability to develop or acquire these capabilities could impede our ability to address the technical requirements in technology segments which are expected to contribute to our growth. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies and technical sales support. Such investments may involve significant time, risks, and uncertainties, including the risk that the expenses associated with these investments may affect our margins and operating results. Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. The ability to design systems on chips (SoCs) increases the complexity of managing a design that, at the lowest level, is represented by billions of shapes on fabrication masks. The unavailability of a broad range of high-quality design intellectual property that can be reliably incorporated into a customer's design with our software products and services could lead to reduced demand for our products and services. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products in order to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods because of the rapid changes in our customers' industries. Our future business and financial results are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. Our hardware platforms must be enhanced periodically to reduce the likelihood that a competitor surpasses the capabilities we offer. Competitive pressures may require us to reduce our pricing, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The competition in our industries is substantial, and we may not be able to continue to successfully compete in our industries. We must identify and develop or acquire innovative and cost-competitive electronic design automation products, integrate them into platforms, and market them in a timely manner. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and intellectual property products to our customers. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components and contract manufacturers for production of our emulation and prototyping hardware products could result in product delivery problems and delays and reduced control over product pricing and quality. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in keeping pace with all, or any, of the customer trends. If we are unable to develop or acquire the application-specific technologies and expertise necessary to address the requirements of these categories, it could impede our ability to expand our business in these categories and ultimately affect our future growth.