Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. We are highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success. Increasing regulatory and legislative changes will place additional demands on our information technology infrastructure that could have a direct impact on resources available for other projects tied to our strategic initiatives. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent, in large part, on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient and resource-efficient manner. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important. The failure of our health care technologies to operate seamlessly with other products could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers, and processing new and renewal business. Unavailability, cyber-attack or other failure of one or more of our information technology or other systems could cause slower response times, resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as clients or customers desire, decreased levels of client or customer service and satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. Our information technology and other systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and we could experience service denials if demand for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If sustained or repeated, such business interruptions, systems failures or service denials could have material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our business depends on our clients' and customers' willingness to entrust us with their health-related and other sensitive personal information. We have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks or other computer-related penetrations. We have implemented security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. The techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until after they have been launched, because cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources including third parties such as external service providers. Our offices may be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, human error or similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our customers' and clients' data. The costs to eliminate or address security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers.