We rely extensively on information technology systems ("IT systems"), including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to: communicating within our company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; receiving and processing orders from and shipping products to our customers; marketing products to consumers; collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data; processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll, employee and retiree benefits and payments to customers and vendors; hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans and financial information; complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes involved in managing our business. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers', IT systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. Such cyber-attacks and cyber incidents can take many forms, including cyber extortion, social engineering, password theft or introduction of viruses or malware, such as ransomware through phishing emails. If we suffer a loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our IT systems, including those of third-party service providers, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm, incur significant costs and be subject to government investigations, litigation, fines and/or damages, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our ongoing efforts to reduce costs are designed to lower costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics, and advertising and promotional materials, among other things. The achievement of our funding-the-growth goals depends on our ability to successfully identify and realize additional savings opportunities. The company has developed key initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental and veterinary professionals and retail customers. In addition, the company has strengthened its capabilities in e-commerce, including by developing its relationships with online-only retailers and enhancing its digital marketing capabilities. The global growth and efficiency program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales, operating profit and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. The major objectives of the program include becoming even stronger on the ground through the continued evolution and expansion of proven global and regional commercial capabilities, which have already been successfully implemented in a number of the company's operations around the world. The initiatives under the global growth and efficiency program continue to be focused on expanding commercial hubs, extending shared business services and streamlining global functions, and optimizing global supply chain and facilities. The company expects savings from the global growth and efficiency program, substantially all of which are expected to increase future cash flows, projected to be in the range of $560 to $635 pretax annually, once all projects are approved and implemented.