Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume, and result in substantial liabilities. We also could be required to incur significant expense to protect our systems and/or investigate any alleged attack. The secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms are critical elements of our operations. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our success depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed to attract and retain customers. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, failed settlement of trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, and regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions which occur at high volume and frequencies across multiple systems. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, on-line service providers, data processors, cloud hosting providers, data center providers, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Our technology support services costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber attack and other cyber security risks. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks by preventative, detective, and responsive measures. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, "ransom" attacks, firewall or encryption failures and other security problems. Any security attack or breach could result in system failures and delays, loss of customers and lower contract volume, loss of competitive position, damage to our reputation, disruption of our business, legal liability or regulatory fines, significant costs, which in turn, may cause our revenues and earnings to decline.