During the year ended December 31, 2017, we recorded a liability of $30.0 million as an estimate of potential losses associated with anticipated claims and assessments by payment card networks due to a data security incident. Our information security team detected unauthorized activity on the network that supports payment processing for our restaurants, leading to the identification of malware designed to access payment card data. We have removed the malware from our systems and continue to evaluate ways to enhance our security measures. We expect that substantially all of our investigation costs will be covered by insurance; however, we may incur legal expenses in excess of our insurance coverage limits associated with the data security incident in future periods. We recorded this expense in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income and a corresponding liability in accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Our investment in improving digital platforms, including significant enhancements to our mobile application and online ordering platform, reflects our commitment to leveraging technology resources to support business strategies and enhance operational efficiency. Sales from out-of-restaurant orders represented 8.3% of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2017, up from 6.4% of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2016. We are focused on improving our operations and delivering an outstanding experience to every one of our guests, utilizing technology to facilitate this transformation. The introduction of an all-natural queso product, which was ordered in approximately 10% of our transactions in January 2018, exemplifies our innovation efforts. Our results of operations as a percentage of revenue and period-over-period variances indicate that we are actively managing our internal processes and operational capabilities to respond to market dynamics and consumer demands. The increase in comparable restaurant sales was attributable to an increase in average check, including a benefit from menu price increases. We expect to utilize a portion of the savings from the lower federal corporate income tax rate to provide enhanced benefits to our employees, which may increase labor, other operating, and general and administrative expenses. Our management practices include ongoing evaluations of our internal control over financial reporting, ensuring that our processes are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is critical as we navigate the complexities of our operational environment and the associated risks. We are also involved in various claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business, which may impact our operational flexibility and resource allocation. The challenges associated with these legal matters highlight the importance of effective governance and risk management practices in maintaining our organizational capabilities and performance outcomes.