We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. We face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. If we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. Information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, could result in unauthorized disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. We continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. We are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems and data security. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We face significant competition in the markets we serve. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. We are developing and testing a variety of solutions to address the technical issues, which could include a combination of calibration changes, service practices and hardware changes. Our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, and cash flow from our recent investment in the Eaton Cummins automated transmission technologies joint venture will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully launch the automated transmission products in North America and achieve our projected market penetration. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, for planned introduction into certain existing and new markets. The increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains.