Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. Certain of our businesses continue to make substantial investments in information systems, including, but not limited to, the new patient support technology ecosystem, Fusion, at ABCS's services business and the implementation of a new ERP system at World Courier, and third-party service providers are also responsible for managing a significant portion of our information systems. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our business and results of operations may also be adversely affected if a third-party service provider does not perform satisfactorily, or if the information systems are interrupted or damaged by unforeseen events, including due to the actions of third parties. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. We have received, and may in the future receive, requests for information, letters, and subpoenas from the DEA, FDA, various U.S. attorneys' offices of the U.S. Department of Justice, and/or state attorneys general and state regulatory authorities and agencies related to our distribution of controlled substances and our order monitoring program, which is designed to prevent and detect the illegal diversion of controlled substances, or other matters. We generally respond to subpoenas, requests, letters, and other authority and/or agency correspondence in a thorough and timely manner. These responses require time and effort and can result in considerable costs being incurred by us, such as costs related to addressing the observations listed on FDA Form 483 reports. Our ability to successfully manage and execute these initiatives and realize expected savings and benefits is important to our business success. The reorganization and other initiatives could yield unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, attrition, inability to attract or retain key personnel, and reduced employee productivity which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect continued government and private payor pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. Changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations in respect of healthcare fraud and abuse, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal and state laws and regulations relating to healthcare fraud and abuse.