We have transitioned various functionality of our previously planned third-party enterprise operating system to an internally developed proprietary system, and we may experience difficulties operating our business as we work to develop and design this system. The ongoing design, development, and implementation of our enterprise operating systems carry certain risks, including the risk of significant design or deployment errors causing disruptions, delays or deficiencies, which may make our website and services unavailable. This type of interruption could prevent us from processing vehicles for our sellers and may prevent us from selling vehicles through our internet bidding platform, vb3, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. In addition, the transition to our new internally developed proprietary system will require us to commit substantial financial, operational and technical resources before the volume of business increases, without assurance that the volume of business will increase. We may also implement additional or enhanced information systems in the future to accommodate our growth and to provide additional capabilities and functionality. The implementation of new systems and enhancements is frequently disruptive to the underlying business of an enterprise and can be time-consuming and expensive, increase management responsibilities and divert management attention. Any disruptions relating to our system enhancements or any problems with the implementation, particularly any disruptions impacting our operations or our ability to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis during the implementation period, could materially and adversely affect our business. Our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our systems and infrastructure. As our operations continue to grow in both size and scope, domestically and internationally, we must continue to provide reliable, real-time access to our systems by our customers through improving and upgrading our systems and infrastructure for enhanced products, services, features and functionality. Any failure to maintain the integrity of our systems and infrastructure may result in loss of customers due to among other things, slow delivery times, unreliable service levels or insufficient capacity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position and results of operations. We have recognized a $19.4 million charge primarily related to fully impairing costs previously capitalized in connection with the development of business operating software. Information security risks for online commerce companies have significantly increased in recent years because of, in addition to other factors, the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks. Cyber-attacks or other cyber security incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition by, among other things, making our auction platform inoperable for a period of time, damaging our reputation with buyers, sellers, and insurance companies as a result of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, or resulting in governmental investigations, litigation, liability, fines, or penalties against us. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions, including but not limited to usage errors by our employees, power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident.