The company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. The company experiences competition in pricing, service, reliability and other factors from various transportation providers including railroads and motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service area. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation such as through the use of automation, autonomy or electrification, or legislation providing for less stringent size or weight restrictions on trucks, could negatively impact the company's competitive position. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company's business strategies may not achieve the anticipated objectives. The implementation of the company's business strategies could result in operational disruptions, loss of existing customers, regulatory issues and other adverse consequences. If these strategies fail to achieve the anticipated benefits or take longer to implement than expected, the company's operations and financial results may be adversely affected. The company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. The company has been, and may in the future be, subject to allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, environmental laws or regulations, and such violations can result in the company's incurring fines, penalties or costs relating to the clean-up of environmental contamination. The company is subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. The company has been identified as a potentially responsible party at approximately 214 environmentally impaired sites. The company believes it has appropriately recorded current and long-term liabilities for known and reasonably estimable future environmental costs, but it could incur significant costs that exceed reserves or require unanticipated cash expenditures as a result of any of the foregoing. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations. The company expects to continue incurring significant capital costs in connection with the implementation of positive train control (PTC). The total multi-year cost of PTC implementation is estimated to be approximately $2.4 billion. The company has a receivables securitization facility with a three-year term scheduled to expire in September 2019. The purpose of this facility is to provide an alternative to commercial paper and a low-cost source of short-term liquidity. The company is currently reviewing its cash deployment strategy with respect to capital structure and shareholder distributions. The company is well positioned from a liquidity standpoint, with a $1 billion unsecured, revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks. The company has sufficient financial capacity, including its revolving credit facility, trade receivable facility and shelf registration statement to manage its day-to-day cash requirements and any anticipated obligations.