Cintas relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact the ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, results of operations, and reputation. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, its computer systems, including those inherited from G&K, are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. The unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such disruptions could lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in the ability to provide products and services. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, thereby impacting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software and unauthorized access attempts that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, compromising of confidential company, customer, or employee information could result in financial losses, loss of business, or potential liability. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect the business and stock price. Effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, and even those determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements. The company continues to evaluate its internal controls, including those related to the acquired G&K business, but cannot be certain that these measures will ensure the implementation and maintenance of adequate controls over financial processes and reporting in the future. If it fails to maintain the adequacy of internal controls or if material weaknesses are discovered, it may not be able to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, which could materially adversely affect stock price. The integration of acquired businesses, including G&K, may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of management's attention and financial resources. If management cannot effectively manage the integration process, or if significant business activities are interrupted as a result, the company may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies, adversely affecting business performance. The company’s ability to attract and retain competent personnel in key positions is crucial, as its corporate culture is a key component of success. Competitive pressures may make it more difficult and expensive to attract and retain key employees, which could adversely affect business operations. The reliance on technology resources and the management of these resources are critical for operational efficiency and achieving organizational goals, as well as for maintaining competitive advantage in the market.