The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The companies' operations involve risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to various risks associated with the transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and NGLs, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards. The companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. The companies' businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the companies. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions.