Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, customer service improvements, credit risk management, operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. The consumer financial services business is highly competitive, and we face competition from other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers, which may adversely impact our costs, transaction volume, and ability to grow our business. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. We rely on technology to deliver services, and if key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our technologies, systems, networks, and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms that handle or maintain confidential or sensitive information, have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, which could disrupt our business and expose us to significant financial liability and damage to our reputation. We seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth, and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. Our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss, and if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor, and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions, and consumer behavior. We continue to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits, and reporting requirements. Our ability to manage credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk is critical to our performance. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including the supervisory priorities and actions of the federal reserve, the fdic, and the cfpb, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers, or other industry participants. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our cost. Our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers, and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. The economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business.