Our business depends upon the demand for data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a more diversified customer base or less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Changes in industry practice or in technology, such as virtualization technology, more efficient or miniaturization of computing or networking devices, or devices that require higher power densities than today's devices, could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources and more ready access to capital which allow them to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities. If our competitors offer space that our customers or potential customers perceive to be superior to ours based on numerous factors, including available power, security considerations, location, or connectivity, or if they offer rental rates below current market rates, or below the rental rates we are offering, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable service, including with respect to power supply, physical security and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism and related conflicts or similar events worldwide, fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood and other natural disasters, sabotage and vandalism. Problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. We may be vulnerable to breaches, or unauthorized access to, or disruption of our physical and information security infrastructure and systems, any of which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure, networks and related management systems could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, the misappropriation of our or our customers' or their customers' proprietary or confidential information, interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, breach of our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, inability to access or rely upon critical business records or other disruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against or to remediate such security breaches. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.