Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities is underscored. IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The ongoing changes in federal and state laws and regulations stemming from the Affordable Care Act (ACA) continue to represent significant challenges to the U.S. health care system, impacting our IT systems and capabilities. Our business is subject to regulation at the federal and state level, which may restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals, implement changes in premium rates, or impose additional restrictions under new or existing laws that could adversely affect our business. We face competition in many of our markets, and the health benefits industry is subject to significant changes from legislative reform, business consolidations, and aggressive marketing practices by other health benefits organizations. These factors produce significant pressures on our profitability and require us to respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, and evolving industry and regulatory standards. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities could result in competitive and cost disadvantages. We are also dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including pharmacy benefit management services, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately. The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. We have incurred expenses to investigate and remediate cybersecurity incidents, which may divert management's attention and result in reputational damage. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack remain a priority for us. Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current and future needs is crucial, as is integrating and engaging employees who have joined us through acquisitions. The strategic management of our IT capabilities and resources is essential for operational efficiency and to support our growth initiatives in a highly competitive environment.