The company utilizes a variety of information technology systems to manage and operate its businesses. Despite the implementation of extensive security measures, the company's information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, cyberattacks, and other events. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, increased cybersecurity protection costs, and reputational damage. The company's success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of its management and key employees, whose skills, experience, and industry knowledge significantly benefit operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect business and operating results. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses, thus potentially not realizing the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with strategic partners. The company regularly seeks growth through strategic acquisitions and evaluates its portfolio for potential divestitures. These activities require favorable environments to execute transactions, and the company may encounter difficulties in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals. The company's operations depend on production facilities worldwide, a majority of which are located outside the United States and are subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company monitors market prices of the commodities it requires and attempts to mitigate price exposure through hedging activities. The company's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $550 million in 2018. The company expects sales in non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of total sales, with international sales representing 52 percent of total sales, including U.S. exports. The company expects favorable conditions in air conditioning, refrigeration, and global construction markets to support moderate underlying growth. The company’s ability to invest in its businesses, make strategic acquisitions, and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. The company has not incurred any borrowings under its credit facility, which is maintained to support general corporate purposes, including commercial paper borrowing. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The company’s internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process and meets periodically with management and the company's internal auditors to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge of responsibilities.