We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our strategy is increasingly focused on the delivery of our products through cloud-based deployments, which reflects a shift in technology and operational flexibility. The market may be unreceptive to our approach, including our customized solutions and cloud-based offerings, which could impact our growth prospects. Factors affecting market acceptance include changes in technology, our inability to obtain or use key data for our products, and the failure to successfully adopt cloud-based technologies. Our growth and the success of our strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including cloud-based offerings. Significant errors or delays in new products may affect market acceptance and harm our business. We have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products primarily due to difficulties in acquiring data and adapting to client systems. Our reliance on a small number of products and services means that if the market does not continue to accept these, our revenues will decline. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from contracts with major credit reporting agencies and other distributors, and any significant change in these relationships could adversely affect our business. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business and involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the expected financial and strategic goals from these transactions. Our management approach includes an ongoing reengineering initiative designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our ability to increase revenues will depend on introducing new products and services that satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer requirements and achieve market acceptance. We must enhance and improve existing products and continue to introduce new products that