We electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive business information of our clients. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to our successful operation. Cybersecurity is one of the principal operational risks we face as a provider of services to financial institutions. If we fail to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security breaches, the confidentiality of the information we secure could be compromised. Our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors or failure in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems and other software and hardware used in connection with our business. Many of our services, including our transformation services, are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. We continue to innovate and invest in integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address market demand. Our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current solutions and develop and introduce new solutions and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services, and evolving industry standards. We are actively migrating many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. Our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We are focused on enabling our clients to deliver this experience to their customers through our integrated solutions and services. Our clients must ensure that our services and related solutions work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. The Dodd-Frank Act and associated regulations have the potential to increase the amount and types of regulation on areas of our business that were not previously regulated. These requirements have or could result in the need for us to make capital investments to modify our solutions and services to facilitate our clients' compliance, as well as to deploy additional processes or reporting to comply with regulations. We continue to see demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications, and cards. We believe digital payments will grow and partially replace existing payment tender volumes over time as consumers and merchants embrace the convenience, incremental services, and benefits. We invested in our card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities to accommodate EMV integrated circuit cards so we can continue to guide our clients through this technology transition. Our results may fluctuate from period to period because of the lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle for our software, changes in our mix of licenses and services, activity by competitors, and customer budgeting, operational requirements or renewal cycles. The sales and implementation cycles for many of our software and service offerings can be lengthy and require significant investment from both our clients and us. If we fail to close sales or if a client chooses not to complete an installation after expending significant time and resources to do so, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.