We believe that the automotive industry will experience significant and continued change in the coming years. Industry participants are seeking to disrupt the historic business model of the industry through the introduction of new technologies, new products or services, new business models or new methods of travel. It is strategically significant that we lead the technological disruption occurring in our industry. The process of designing and developing new technology, products and services is complex, costly, and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Our profitability is dependent upon the success of crossovers, SUVs, and full-size pick-up trucks. Our success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. We must successfully address and reduce the costs associated with the manufacture and sale of electric vehicles. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. Our significant business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, and regulatory risks. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. In order to maintain access to the Chinese market, we may be required to comply with significant technical and other regulatory requirements that are unique to the Chinese market. Our operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. Operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions that must further take into consideration our partners' interests. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time-consuming, disruptive, and resource-intensive. Security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, could interfere with our operations and could compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We rely upon information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. The secure operation of these systems and products is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, these systems and products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors, and others who have access to these systems and products. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the operational integrity of these systems and products. Such events could result in the loss of proprietary data, interruptions or delays in our business operations, and damage to our reputation. We have experienced such events in the past and, although past events were immaterial, future events may occur and may be material. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our future competitiveness depends upon our continued success in implementing operating effectiveness initiatives throughout our operations.