Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies. These transactions must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as legal and regulatory standards. Compliance with these legal and reporting requirements has become more challenging, and we have been subject to regulatory fines and penalties for failing to report timely, accurate, and complete information. As our client base and geographical reach expand, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, increasing the risk of systems or human error. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets. Enhancements and updates to systems entail significant costs and create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses. Addressing security issues in these devices could be costly and affect performance, and operational risks may be incurred in applying fixes. We may also become exposed to risks related to distributed ledger technology through our facilitation of clients' activities involving financial products linked to such technology. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption. We face an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies. The increasing migration of firm communication and other platforms from firm-provided devices to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and information, we may not be able to anticipate, detect, or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats. Our businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to surveillance, encryption, and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Compliance with these laws may require us to change our policies, procedures, and technology for information security, which could increase our vulnerability to cyber attacks and the misappropriation, corruption, or loss of information or technology. We strive to eliminate human errors through training, supervision, technology, and redundant processes and controls, but human errors can result in material losses and liabilities. Our businesses have been and may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. Our investing and lending activities may lead to situations where the holdings from these activities represent a significant portion of specific markets, which could restrict liquidity for our positions. Our market-making activities have been and may be affected by changes in the levels of market volatility, and we seek to maintain a sufficiently liquid balance sheet to fund our operations and meet our contractual obligations.