The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. Our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including accounting and financial reporting, billing and collecting accounts, coding and compliance, clinical systems, medical records and document storage, inventory management, negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts, and monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. Information systems may be vulnerable to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, human acts, and natural disasters. We have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, we may experience system failures. The occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data, and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. A cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of a facility, confidential data, or critical data systems and give rise to potential harm to patients, remediation and other expenses, expose us to liability under HIPAA, consumer protection laws, or other common law theories, subject us to litigation and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, damage our reputation, and otherwise be disruptive to our business. We have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize EHR and to become meaningful users of health information technology. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities, and advanced new attacks against information systems create risk of cybersecurity incidents. We are regularly the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a security impact. There can be no assurance that we or our third-party vendors will not be subject to cybersecurity incidents that bypass our security measures, impact the integrity, availability, or privacy of personal health information or other data subject to privacy laws, or disrupt our information systems, devices, or business, including our ability to provide various health care services. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any cybersecurity vulnerabilities. The occurrence of any of these events could result in harm to patients, business interruptions and delays, the loss, misappropriation, corruption, or unauthorized access of data, litigation and potential liability under privacy, security and consumer protection laws or other applicable laws, reputational damage, and foreign, federal and state governmental inquiries, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. If we fail to continue to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record systems, our operations could be adversely affected. Eligible hospitals and eligible professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology in an applicable prior reporting period are subject to reduced payments from Medicare. Failure to continue to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.