We depend heavily upon our information technology systems in the conduct of our business. We own and license or otherwise contract for sophisticated technology and systems for property management, procurement, reservations, and the operation of the Hilton Honors guest loyalty program. Such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, and natural and man-made disasters. Although we have a cold disaster recovery site in a separate location to back up our core reservation, distribution, and financial systems, substantially all of our data center operations are currently located in a single facility. Any loss or damage to our primary facility could result in operational disruption and data loss as we transfer production operations to our disaster recovery site. Damage or interruption to our information systems may require a significant investment to update, remediate, or replace with alternate systems, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations as a result. We rely on third parties for the performance of a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide. The success of our business depends in part on maintaining our relationships with these third parties and their continuing ability to perform these functions and services in a timely and satisfactory manner. We are vulnerable to various risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces, website and mobile application downtime, and other technical failures. Cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. We and our third-party service providers experience cyber-attacks, attempted and actual breaches of our or their information technology systems and networks, or similar events, which could result in a loss of sensitive business or customer information, systems interruption, or the disruption of our operations. The sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to information systems has continued to increase in recent years. Breaches, thefts, losses, or fraudulent uses of customer, employee, or company data could cause consumers to lose confidence in the security of our websites, mobile applications, point-of-sale systems, and other information technology systems. We are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of our guests' personal data and other sensitive information. We are subject to various risks and costs associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information, including those related to compliance with U.S. and foreign data collection and privacy laws and other contractual obligations. Failure to keep pace with developments in technology could adversely affect our operations or competitive position. The hospitality industry demands the use of sophisticated technology and systems for property management, brand assurance and compliance, procurement, reservation systems, operation of our guest loyalty programs, distribution of hotel resources to current and future customers, and guest amenities. These technologies may require refinements and upgrades. The development and maintenance of these technologies may require significant investment by us. As various systems and technologies become outdated or new technology is required, we may not be able to replace or introduce them as quickly as needed or in a cost-effective and timely manner. We may not achieve the benefits we may have been anticipating from any new technology or system.