The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets, or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes with regard to global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. We anticipate that there will continue to be growth in the financial information services sector driven by a number of global trends, including increasing global regulatory demands; greater use of fair value accounting standards and reliance on independent valuations; greater emphasis on risk management; market fragmentation driven by regulatory changes; the move to passive investing and indexation; ongoing growth in the size and diversity of financial markets; increased electronification of fixed income and other less automated markets; the development of new data products; the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity; new entrants; and increasing demand for outsourced services by financial institutions. Our data services revenues increased the last two years primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers, the development of new and enhanced products serving the need for an expanded range of data, regulatory compliance and analytics solutions, and our acquisitions of interactive data and trayport in December 2015 and of securities evaluations and credit market analysis in October 2016. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses and a portion of our compensation expense that is tied directly to our data sales or overall financial performance. We have recorded rebates in certain of our markets primarily to support market liquidity and trading volume by providing qualified participants in those markets a discount to the applicable commission rate. Our transaction and clearing revenues are reported on a net basis and consist of fees collected from our derivatives, cash equities and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. We also collect cash trading market data fees principally for consortium-based data products and, to a lesser extent, for NYSE proprietary data products. Our desktop and web-based applications deliver real-time market information, analytical and decision support tools to support trading and investment decisions. Our services offer clients a secure, resilient, private multi-participant network that provides access to global exchanges and content service providers. The increase in the rebates is due primarily to an increase in the number of participants in the rebate programs offered on various contracts, an increase in our traded volume and an increase in the number of rebate programs. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with our acquisitions and growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations and other investments. We will continue to evaluate our indefinite reinvestment assertion in light of any further U.S. tax reform developments. Our cash and investments are managed as a global treasury portfolio of non-speculative financial instruments that are readily convertible into cash, ensuring high liquidity of financial assets.