The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company's decentralized operating structure allows individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents or business partners that might violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws. The risks inherent in the company's global operations include political, social and economic instability and disruptions, which could adversely affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. The company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past, which involve numerous risks and operational challenges, including the potential for acquired businesses to underperform relative to expectations. The company's enterprise strategy emphasizes organic revenue growth and margin improvement, focusing on simplifying product lines and customer bases to enhance operational efficiency. The company has implemented a strategic sourcing initiative to establish sourcing as a core operational capability, which has delivered an average reduction in spend each year. The company’s 80/20 front to back process is a proprietary business management process that generates significant value by focusing on the largest and most profitable opportunities while eliminating costs associated with less profitable ones. This process enables the company to achieve operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation. The company’s commitment to execution is a critical differentiator, with a culture that emphasizes living up to commitments and maintaining flexibility within a defined framework to respond quickly to market conditions and customer requirements. The company targets differentiated end-markets and customers with critical needs, generating high-quality growth through consistent customer-back innovation and service excellence. The company believes that its business model is a competitive advantage that leverages strategic, operational, and cultural approaches to deliver superior financial performance. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and requires significant investment in time and resources. The company’s IT capabilities are crucial for supporting business strategies and enhancing work processes, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging other resources and capabilities. The company’s financial results are impacted by global economic conditions, and its ability to manage risks associated with international operations is essential for maintaining business performance and achieving strategic goals.