The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, there is potential for the company to be adversely impacted due to the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational, or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. The company's businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability, and rate of reimbursement. The company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations, and licensing agreements with third parties. Competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the company. Competitors' development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the company, could negatively impact sales of the company's existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development. The company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures, and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. In all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. The process depends on many factors including the ability to discern patients' and health care providers' future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies, and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the company's products from competing products and approaches to treatment. The company's continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving health care needs of patients, providers, and consumers. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services.