JPMorgan Chase's businesses rely comprehensively on the ability of its financial, accounting, trading, data processing, and other operational systems to process, record, monitor, and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately and quickly. The effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase's operational systems depends on the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated, or corrupted data can significantly compromise functionality. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase depends on its ability to access and use the operational systems of its vendors, custodians, and other market participants, including clearing and payment systems, central counterparty clearinghouses, securities exchanges, and data processing, security, and technology companies. The ineffectiveness, failure, or other disruption of the operational systems of JPMorgan Chase or another significant market participant, including due to a cyberbreach, could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers, including delays or other disruptions in providing information, services, and liquidity to clients and customers, the inability to settle transactions or obtain access to funds and other assets, and financial losses. As the speed, frequency, volume, and complexity of transactions increases, it becomes more challenging to effectively maintain JPMorgan Chase's operational systems and infrastructure, especially due to heightened risks that errors, whether inadvertent or malicious, cause widespread system disruption. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase's operational systems rely on the skill and integrity of its employees and those of third parties, and significant operational breakdowns or failures caused by human error or misconduct could materially and adversely affect the firm. JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework is intended to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may be existing or future risks that JPMorgan Chase has not appropriately anticipated or identified. Any inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework, governance structure, procedures, and practices could require significant resources to remediate, attract heightened regulatory scrutiny, and expose JPMorgan Chase to regulatory investigations or legal proceedings. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase experiences numerous cyberattacks on its computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets daily, and these attacks can disrupt, sabotage, or degrade service on JPMorgan Chase's systems. The risk of a security breach due to a cyberattack could increase as JPMorgan Chase continues to expand its mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of JPMorgan Chase's systems or those of a supplier could cause significant disruption of operations and lead to misappropriation of confidential information, financial loss, and harm to reputation. JPMorgan Chase's ability to develop and enhance its resources, control expenses, and return capital to shareholders is critical for maintaining its competitive standing, and the effectiveness of its management in developing and executing business strategies will significantly affect its ability to respond to regulatory requirements and changes in market conditions.