Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. If our information technology systems suffer interruptions, failures or breaches, our business operations could be disrupted and we could face financial and reputational damage. These systems could be damaged or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, computer viruses or cyber-based attacks. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime also pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data stored on those systems. Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, supplier, employee or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Our ability to manufacture, distribute and sell products is critical to our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, pandemics, import restrictions, regional economic, business, environmental or political events, governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Disruption in our supply chain or the failure of third-party providers to satisfactorily perform could adversely impact our operations. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. We may not be successful in developing new or improved products and technologies necessary to compete successfully in the industry, and we may not be successful in advertising, marketing, timely launching and selling our products. Our ongoing efforts to reduce costs will be supported by implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. We expect to close or sell approximately 10 manufacturing facilities and expand production capacity at several others. We expect to exit or divest some lower-margin businesses that generate approximately 1 percent of our net sales. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets such as China, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, currency restrictions and political, social and economic instability, which may adversely affect our financial results. If we experience lower sales due to changes in consumer demand for our products, our earnings could decrease. Our ability to anticipate consumer needs and preferences is vital for maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring operational flexibility in the face of market dynamics.