Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such events. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or "cyber sabotage" events. These potential targets might include our pipeline systems, terminals, processing plants, or operating systems. The occurrence of a terrorist attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. Our business model, through our ownership and operation of energy-related assets, is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable natural gas, liquids products, and bulk commodity transportation, storage, and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. To achieve these objectives, we focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. Our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity and for which discrete financial information is available. As an energy infrastructure owner and operator in multiple facets of the various U.S. and Canadian energy industries and markets, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. Our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, permits and rights-of-way, as well as public opposition, cost overruns, inclement weather, and other delays. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. The acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions.