The company is increasingly reliant on technological systems, such as point-of-sale and other in-store systems or platforms, technologies supporting McDonald's delivery and digital solutions, as well as technologies that facilitate communication and collaboration internally, with affiliated entities, customers, or independent third parties to conduct its business. Any failure of these systems could significantly impact operations and customer experience and perceptions. Despite the implementation of security measures, those technology systems and solutions could become vulnerable to damage, disability, or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, or other catastrophic events. The company continues to build upon its investments in the Experience of the Future (EOTF), focusing on restaurant modernization and technology, in order to transform the restaurant service experience and enhance the brand in the eyes of the customer. The modernization efforts are designed to drive incremental customer visits and higher average check. As the company accelerates its pace of converting restaurants to EOTF, it is placing renewed emphasis on improving its existing service model and strengthening its relationships with customers through technology. By evolving the technology platform, the company is expanding choices for how customers order, pay, and are served through additional functionality on its global mobile app, self-order kiosks, and technology-driven models that enable table service and curb-side pick-up. The company met aggressive deployment targets for each of these accelerators in 2017 and continues further implementation in 2018 and beyond. The company’s success depends in part on its system's ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics, and trends in food sourcing, food preparation, food offerings, and consumer preferences in the informal eating out segment. The company’s investments to enhance the customer experience, including through technology, may not generate the expected returns. The company faces intense competition in its markets, which could hurt its business. It competes on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service, and location. The company believes its ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on its ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price its products appropriately, deliver a relevant customer experience, manage the complexity of its restaurant operations, and respond effectively to its competitors' actions or disruptive actions from others which it does not foresee. The company’s strategic direction and financial performance are rooted in extensive customer research and insights, along with a deep understanding of the key drivers of the business. The company is enhancing the overall customer experience with hospitable, friendly service and ever-improving convenience for customers on their terms. The company’s velocity growth plan includes a commitment to global priorities that are consistent with its strategic priorities and provides an opportunity to collaborate with its franchisees and suppliers to drive meaningful progress. The company’s ability to achieve the benefits of its refranchising strategy depends on various factors, including whether it has effectively selected franchisees that meet its rigorous standards and whether their performance supports its brand and financial objectives. The company’s information technology systems contain personal, financial, and other information that is entrusted to it by its customers, employees, and other third parties, as well as financial, proprietary, and other confidential information related to its business. An actual or alleged security breach could result in disruptions, shutdowns, theft, or unauthorized disclosure of personal, financial, proprietary, or other confidential information.