Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The company is highly dependent on its ability to process a large number of complex transactions across its businesses. The large number of transactions processed makes it possible that errors will occasionally occur, and the controls and procedures in place to prevent such errors may not be entirely effective. The occurrence of mistakes, particularly significant ones, can subject the company to claims from customers and may have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, results of operations, or financial condition. The company relies on various internal processes and controls to protect the confidentiality of client information that is accessible to, or in the possession of, the company and its associates. The failure to protect the confidentiality of client information could adversely affect the company's reputation and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. The company also utilizes various technological tools for data collection and analysis, which may require modifications to assumptions, models, or reserves. Changes in technology related to the collection and analysis of data regarding customers could expose the company to regulatory or legal actions and may have a material adverse effect on its business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The company is continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as its business depends on maintaining and improving its technology systems. The effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and non-governmental organizations, in combating the spread and severity of pandemics could have a material impact on the losses experienced by the company. The company has established and continues to develop its risk management policies and procedures to reflect the ongoing review of its risks. The company's enterprise risk management program is designed to mitigate material risks and loss to the company. The company has developed and continues to develop its risk management policies and procedures to reflect the ongoing review of its risks and expects to continue to do so in the future. The company uses various strategies to manage risks, including the use of derivatives. The effectiveness of these strategies may not be fully realized, and the company remains liable for guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. The company has engaged in certain reinsurance agreements covering some of its variable annuity business. The company’s investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of the portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, which have varying maturities and other characteristics that cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. The company’s primary investment objective is to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. The company believes that its capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, and diversity of liquidity sources are critical to retaining its credit ratings. The company’s liquidity management includes managing its level of liquid assets, which was $209.1 billion at December 31, 2017.