Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The size of our user base and our users' level of engagement are critical to our success. Our financial performance has been significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. Technical or other problems could prevent us from delivering our products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience, such as security breaches or failure to prevent or limit spam. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate communication and the sharing of content and information. Our competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater acceptance. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to distribute our products to new and existing users and to monetize our products. Our business is highly competitive, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, which could adversely affect our revenue and financial results. Our advertising revenue is generated by displaying ad products on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and third-party affiliated websites or mobile applications, and we recognize revenue from the display of impression-based ads in the contracted period in which the impressions are delivered. The number of ads we show is subject to methodological changes as we continue to evolve our ads business and the structure of our ads products. We have invested significantly in our technical infrastructure to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. Our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure is crucial, as any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and we plan to continue to significantly expand the size of our infrastructure. Our products and internal systems rely on software that is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected. Our business is dependent on our ability to manage multiple relationships with users, marketers, developers, and other third parties. As our operations and the number of our third-party relationships continue to grow, our information technology systems or our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support such growth. We expect to continue to invest significantly in our messaging, security, video content, and global connectivity efforts, as well as other initiatives that may not have clear paths to monetization. We anticipate making capital expenditures to support our growth, including investments in servers, data centers, office buildings, and network infrastructure.