We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems related incidents. The breadth and complexity of the technologies we use continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, which increases the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. We face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment, and the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, making timely detection difficult. Our ability to protect data from compromise is critical, and we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are at risk of attack by a growing list of adversaries through increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. Our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities, and we perpetually face the substantial risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. We are also dependent on third-party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. The integration of the information systems of the businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk, as we may not adequately identify weaknesses in an acquired entity's information systems. Our policies, employee training, procedures and technical safeguards may be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. We have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions and employee misconduct, which could result in confidential information being lost or stolen. We must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change to remain competitive. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the sophistication and quality of our services, our customers' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in technology systems and infrastructure to support our growth strategy. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to respond effectively to these technological changes. Our reliance on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients introduces additional risks, as their decisions or operations may adversely impact us. The failure of third parties to comply with service level agreements or regulatory requirements could result in economic and reputational harm to us. Our operations depend on our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage, and any significant disruption could result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.