Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers, and others. The failure of Altria Group, Inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. continues to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. Safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. To date, interruptions of information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Failure of systems or service providers' systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets, or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of the companies and their brands, operational disruptions, legal challenges, and significant remediation and other costs. Altria Group, Inc. may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage. The company’s growth strategies involve moves and potential moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products. Some innovative tobacco products may reduce health risks while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. These efforts may include arrangements with or investments in third parties. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may not succeed in their efforts to introduce such new products, which would have an adverse effect on the ability to grow new revenue streams. Furthermore, the company cannot predict whether regulators will permit the marketing or sale of products with claims of reduced risk to adult consumers, the speed with which they may make such determinations, or whether regulators will impose an unduly burdensome regulatory framework on such products. Adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products. Altria Group, Inc. faces significant competition within its categories, and its failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows. Each subsidiary operates in highly competitive categories, with significant methods of competition including product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution, and promotional activities.