The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure (collectively, "IT systems") to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, modification of critical data, and/or failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the June 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products, and the company may not be able to acquire commercially successful products in other ways; in consequence, the company may not be able to replace sales of successful products that have lost patent protection. The company is also subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state, and local governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company is pursuing emerging product opportunities independent of therapeutic area or modality (small molecule, biologics, and vaccines) and is building its biologics capabilities. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company utilizes forward exchange contracts to offset the effects of exchange on exposures denominated in developed country currencies, primarily the euro and Japanese yen.