We are dependent on third parties to supply data and software for our products and are reliant on certain vendors to distribute our data. A refusal by a key vendor to distribute our data or any loss of key outside suppliers of data or software products or reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data or products could impair our ability to provide our clients with the data, products or services they desire. We rely on the accuracy and quality of third-party data and software products and depend on the ability and willingness of third-party data and software providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or if the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial. Certain events could lead to interruptions in our operations, including interruptions affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and the internet, which could impair our ability to provide clients with products and customer service. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and its components, including our data centers, to seamlessly provide clients with products and customer service. Heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as operational failures, sabotage, break-ins, human error, cyber-terrorism, and natural disasters could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. Any significant failures, disruptions or instability affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems or the internet may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We monitor our use of third-party data and software products to comply with applicable licensing requirements. Our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the functionality provided by data or software that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively for any reason. We have implemented disaster recovery and business continuity plans, increased our protection measures in response to global cyber-attacks, and have been able to defend our systems against such disruptions and attacks in the past. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully in the future or that our disaster recovery or business continuity plans will be effective in mitigating the risks and costs associated with the particular event that has occurred. We rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect client data that we receive in the ordinary course of business. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in the implementation of our internal controls, policies or procedures, unauthorized access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of, client data could occur. Our business performance might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance or long-term targets that we provide publicly. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with prior expansion of our business. The development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience and abilities of our employees. The success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key management, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, information technology and other personnel.