We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyber attack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access, or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber attacks, computer viruses, and natural disasters. As a provider of mission-critical communications systems for customers in critical infrastructure sectors, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property. We are investing more in detection and response capabilities to minimize potential impacts. We are dependent on our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems, and any disruption involving these systems could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information. Such unauthorized access could allow others to unfairly compete with us, compromise safety or security, and damage our reputation. We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations, and our systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become compromised or unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions. We have outsourced portions of certain business operations, including IT, which limits our control over these operations and exposes us to additional risks. Our reliance on the IT systems of our outsourced partners can result in delays in order placement and may not meet our desired level of quality or performance. The expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new areas of risk that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate. We plan to continue to expand our solutions and services business by offering additional managed services for existing and new types of customers. This involves the integration of multiple services, vendors, and technologies, requiring that we partner with other solutions and services providers. Our managed services business will include the hosting of software applications, allowing customers to consume software as a service. We may face increasing competition as solutions and services contracts become larger and more complicated. We are also subject to risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products and technologies. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. The markets for certain products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards, and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies. The shift to smart public safety and the prevalence of data in our customers' use cases results in our competing in a more fragmented marketplace. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed and support services going forward, which help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways.