Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive, and we face intense competition from a number of companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Some governments have provided, and may continue to provide, significant financial assistance to some of our competitors or to new entrants. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications of those products. We may experience difficulties in transferring technology to joint ventures, ramping production, and managing larger or more complex operations. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future is subject to market, economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We estimate that expenditures in 2018 for property, plant, and equipment will be approximately $7.5 billion, which reflects the offset of amounts we expect to be funded by our partners. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Breaches of our security systems could expose us to losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. We may incur additional restructuring charges in future periods, and our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships, if unsuccessful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows in the future. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments.