Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance and many other functions. We also offer companies and other organizations access to innovative products, software solutions and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency and facilitate better corporate governance. The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. Specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. We have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. We must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. We have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms and the adoption of new technologies, such as blockchain, machine intelligence and the cloud. Although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. Our technology operations continue to evolve as we move from deployed software to a platform-as-a-service approach as cloud capabilities and market acceptance mature. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability. The current business environment is characterized by increased demand for applications using emerging technologies and sophisticated analytics by both new entrants and industry incumbents. We expect regulation to also evolve as governments and regulators respond to emerging technologies. Our strategy consists of leveraging our market technology and information analytics expertise across our global capital markets. The focus for both our non-transactional and transactional businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. We believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. Our non-transactional businesses seek to provide increased transparency and analytics to the investment community and to expand our market technology offerings that power trading, post-trade and surveillance. The integration of blockchain technology across the issuance and settlement of securities is part of our next generation capital market capabilities. We continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. Our technology capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals.