Our ability to provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies, is essential for attracting and retaining memberships. We must continually add new memberships both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we do not grow as expected, given that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate, adversely impacting our margins, liquidity, and results of operations. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, which we believe can help differentiate our service from other offerings. As we expand our original programming, we have become responsible for production costs and other expenses, including ongoing guild payments. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, while ramping up our ability to produce original content. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. We utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations and rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service. Any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services would impact our operations and adversely affect our business. We have built and deployed our own content-delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. If internet service providers do not interconnect with our content-delivery network, or if we experience difficulties in its operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted. We also utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks, which could harm our business, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss of memberships and adversely affect our business and results of operation. We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices, and if we are not successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely impacted.