Our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has been implementing significant reductions in government spending and other significant program changes. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement, or future programs from potential changes in priorities due to changes in defense spending levels. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding more broadly may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Our international business exposes us to additional risks, including risks related to geopolitical and economic factors, laws, and regulations. We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks. These threats could lead to losses of sensitive information or capabilities, harm to personnel, infrastructure, or products, financial liabilities, and damage to our reputation. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our operating results are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain sufficient personnel with security clearances and requisite skills in multiple areas, including science, technology, engineering, and math. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities, and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers. Many of the markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product, program, and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly. Our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to develop technologically advanced, innovative, and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the U.S. and internationally. We believe that our business is well-positioned in areas that the Department of Defense and other customers have indicated are areas of focus for future defense spending. However, the long-term impact of budget cuts, challenges in the appropriations process, and ongoing fiscal debates remain uncertain. If we are unable to develop new products and technologies, or if we fail to achieve market acceptance more rapidly than our competitors, we may be unable to maintain our competitive position, and our future success could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to effectively pursue and execute contracts outside the U.S. also may be impacted by our ability to partner successfully with non-U.S. companies, including through joint ventures, teaming agreements, or other arrangements.