We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may result in an inability to access or operate systems necessary for conducting operations and providing customer service, thereby impacting our efficiency and/or damaging our corporate reputation. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We achieved a record-setting railway operating ratio for the year, a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses, and delivered approximately $150 million of productivity savings, the direct result of our commitment to achieving the targets set forth in our plan. Operational leverage allowed us to grow our business by providing a competitive service product to our customers while simultaneously driving productivity. We remain committed to consistently providing high levels of rail service and increasing the efficiency of our resources, thereby generating higher returns on capital and increasing shareholder value. Significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating, and environmental matters could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. We face competition from other transportation providers on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. While we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The operations of carriers with which we interchange may adversely affect our operations. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. We may be affected by general economic conditions, prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. We may be affected by energy prices, volatility in energy prices could have a significant effect on a variety of items including demand for transportation services. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads, and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines. We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments, as well as the sale of certain receivables. Instability or disruptions of the capital markets and deterioration of our financial condition could also result in a reduction in our credit rating to below investment grade, which could prohibit or restrict us from accessing external sources of short- and long-term debt financing and/or significantly increase the associated costs.