We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we implemented a new enterprise resource planning system in 2018. We may experience difficulties with this system, which could potentially result in disruption to our normal accounting procedures and internal control over financial reporting, inaccuracies in the conversion of electronic data, difficulties integrating the systems and processes, additional costs to continue to refine the system's functionality, and disruption of our financial reporting process. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors, including the financial condition, performance and prospects of us, our tenants and our competitors. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of our executive officers and key employees could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and on our ability to pay the principal and interest on our debt securities and other indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders. We have in-house acquisition, portfolio management, asset management, real estate research, credit research, legal, finance and accounting, information technology and capital markets capabilities. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. Our internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement and disclosure accuracy and safeguarding of assets. Any failure of these internal controls could result in decreased investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and disclosures, our REIT qualification being jeopardized, impairment in the company's access to capital, civil litigation or investigations by the NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which may adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.