Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA); collecting and storing customer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if an employee causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws, employee tampering, or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. Due to increased technology advances, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. We use software to help manage and operate our businesses, and this may subject us to increased risks. In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption, or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer, and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations. Current efforts by the federal government, such as the Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity Executive Order, and any potential future regulations could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage costs, or capital expenditures. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business or the energy industry resulting from additional regulations. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report accurately our financial results or prevent fraud. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud, and operate successfully as a public company.