The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains protections to guard against such events. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could result in a negative impact on the company's operating results and could also cause reputational damage, business disruption or the disclosure of confidential data. The advanced technology research and development center coordinates next-generation product development and identifies emerging technologies to enhance future vehicle performance. Technology areas of focus include advanced driver assistance systems, artificial intelligence, vehicle connectivity and powertrain electrification. The company is investing in new truck models, integrated powertrains, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets and lines of credit. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company is constructing a new parts distribution center in Toronto, Canada, and has opened new distribution centers in Brisbane, Australia, and Panama City, Panama. The company's financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing Paccar products in North America, Europe and Australia. The company believes that its U.S. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow and access to the capital markets, along with periodic repatriation of foreign earnings, will be sufficient to meet U.S. liquidity requirements. The company is investing in new truck models, integrated powertrains, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. The company believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred. The company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. The company maintains protections to guard against disruptions in its information technology systems, which are critical to its operational efficiency and ability to respond to market dynamics.