The following factors should be considered when reviewing our business. These factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial position, results of operations or cash flows and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed elsewhere in this report. Management makes a number of decisions that impact the operation of our nuclear units beyond the current year, including whether and to what extent these units participate in capacity auctions, commitments relating to refueling outages and significant capital expenditures, and decisions regarding our hedging arrangements. When considering whether to make these future commitments, management's decisions will primarily be influenced by the financial outlook of the units, including the progress, timing and continued outlook for enactment of proposed legislation. We must also comply with laws and regulations governing the transportation of fuels. Our fuel supply arrangements must be coordinated with transportation agreements, balancing agreements, storage services, financial hedging transactions and other contracts to ensure that the natural gas, coal and nuclear fuel are delivered to our power plants at the times, in the quantities and otherwise in a manner that meets the needs of our generation portfolio and our customers. We face significant competition in the wholesale energy and capacity markets. Our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to significant competition that may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms and achieve our business objectives. Increased competition could contribute to a reduction in prices offered for power and could result in lower earnings. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact us. The power generation business has seen a substantial change in the technologies used to produce power. Newer generation facilities are often more efficient than aging facilities, which may put some of these older facilities at a competitive disadvantage. The continued development of subsidized, competing power generation technologies and significant development of demand-side management tools and practices could alter the market and price structure for power generation and could result in a reduction in load requirements, negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements.