We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Additionally, our research and development investment plans and resources may not be correctly matched between science and markets, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in research and development to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. Outsourcing of services to third parties could expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, which may result in repercussions such as missed deadlines or other timeliness issues, erroneous data, supply disruptions, non-compliance, or reputational harm, with potential negative implications for our results. We are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization, and if any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of our enterprise resource planning system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual or other obligations to Pfizer could delay or prevent the development, approval or commercialization of our products and product candidates and could also result in non-compliance or reputational harm. Our success will depend on our ability to bring new products to market quickly, and we may face access challenges for our biosimilar products where our product may not receive access at parity to the innovator product. The anticipated progress in remediation efforts at certain of our manufacturing facilities is critical to our operational effectiveness and impacts our ability to meet market demands. The evolving pathway for registration and approval of biosimilar products by the FDA and regulatory authorities could diminish the value of our investments in biosimilars. We also have significant reliance on our information technology systems to support business needs, and any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could undermine the ability to provide accurate disclosure on a timely basis.