Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. As a result, if we do not handle these transitions effectively and bring such innovations to market with the requisite speed, the quality of our products, our relationships with our customers and agents, and our business prospects may be materially adversely affected. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our business. These risks include our increasing reliance on third-party systems, the development of new modes of communication, changing insurance shopping trends, and the availability of very large volumes of data and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets. Complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences, may require us to modify our business practices, to adopt new systems, or to upgrade or replace outdated systems, each at significant expense, and may lead to increased difficulty in executing our business strategies. Our success depends on our ability to establish accurate loss reserves. Our financial statements include loss reserves, which represent our best estimate as of the date of the financial statements of the amounts that our insurance subsidiaries ultimately will pay on claims that have been incurred, and the related costs of adjusting those claims. There is inherent uncertainty in the process of establishing property and casualty insurance loss reserves, which can arise from a number of factors, including the availability of sufficient, reliable data and the accuracy and timeliness of our estimates of loss and loss adjustment expenses. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. All of these systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, and to unauthorized or illegitimate actions by employees, consultants, agents, and other persons with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information. These efforts include internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, necessary business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities for any reason could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. If sustained or repeated, and if an alternate system, process, or vendor is not immediately available to us, such events could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process policies, provide customer service, resolve claims in a timely manner, make payments when required, or perform other necessary business functions. Our ability to participate in financial networks is dependent on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the complex rules of each network and any related industry supervisory groups. If we fail to comply with legal requirements or rules and best practices established by a network or industry group, we could be assessed significant monetary fines and other penalties, including, in certain cases, the termination of our right to use the applicable network or system.