The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to the company's business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly, the company could suffer any resulting interruption in its ability to manage and operate its business, which could materially adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. The company is devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of acquired companies, including the integration of complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets, into the company's existing operations, in a manner that minimizes any adverse impact or disruptions to customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies. The company's future success depends, in part, on the ability to manage this expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of the expanded global operations and new manufacturing processes and products, and the associated costs and complexity. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The company may encounter difficulties during the integration process, including the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies, and cash flow, and to reduce costs, which may involve significant resources dedicated to identifying, developing, and retaining key employees to ensure uninterrupted leadership and direction. The company's ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. If the company does not develop, or has difficulties or delays in the development of, innovative new and enhanced products and services, or fails to gain market or regulatory acceptance of new products and technologies, the company's revenues may be materially reduced and its competitive position could be materially adversely affected. The company is subject to risks relating to changes in the competitive environment in which it operates, and to compete successfully, it must excel in terms of product quality and innovation, technological and engineering capability, manufacturing and distribution capability, delivery, price competitiveness, and customer service. The company's operations are sensitive to global macro-economic conditions, and future macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its distributors, customers, and suppliers. The company believes many opportunities for growth are available, particularly in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation, and it intends to focus primarily on these business opportunities.