As a financial services organization, we encounter risk as part of the normal course of our business, and we design risk management processes to help manage these risks. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. The ability to access and use technology is an increasingly important competitive factor in the financial services industry. Having the right technology is a critically important component to customer satisfaction as it affects our ability to deliver the products and services that customers desire and in a manner that they find convenient and attractive. We have been investing in technology and connectivity in order to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, and create efficiencies in our operations. We depend on technology, both internally and through third parties, to conduct our business and could suffer a material adverse impact from interruptions in the effective operation of, or security breaches affecting, those systems. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions and those of our customers. We have taken measures to manage and mitigate operational risks, but our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation, and monitoring of automated systems. We are also at risk for the impact of natural or other disasters, terrorism, international hostilities, and the like on our systems or for the effect of outages or other failures involving power, communications, or payment, clearing, and settlement systems operated by others. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. We have been investing in technology and connectivity in order to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of changes in the values of financial assets. As a financial institution, a substantial majority of our assets and liabilities are financial in nature. Our business and financial results are subject to risks associated with the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, and by investing primarily in high-quality securities. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is critical to our operational flexibility and overall performance.