Our performance depends on the uninterrupted operation of our facilities, which are becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to a natural disaster; power outage; labor dispute; or failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers using credit cards at our branded retail outlets. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure, or information technology and infrastructure of our third-party service providers (e.g., cloud-based service providers), may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breaches could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. We strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on getting results in the right way and believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We encourage collaboration throughout our company, while valuing differences, respecting diversity, and creating a great place to work. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. We have budgeted $2.3 billion in capital expenditures and investments in 2018, including $0.6 billion for Phillips 66 Partners. Our 2018 capital budget is primarily directed towards reliability, safety and environmental projects, as well as small, high-return, quick payout projects, primarily to improve clean product yields. In corporate and other, we plan to fund approximately $0.1 billion in projects primarily related to information technology and facilities. Our operations are subject to numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things: the discharge of pollutants into the environment; emissions into the atmosphere; and the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions.