We are in the process of implementing information technology (IT) solutions, which could temporarily disrupt day-to-day operations at certain operating units. Continued development and implementation of the IT solutions will require substantial financial and personnel resources. While the IT solutions are intended to improve and enhance our information systems, implementation of new information systems at each operating unit exposes us to the risks of start-up of the new system and integration of that system with our existing systems and processes, including possible disruption of our financial reporting. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from continued development and implementation of the IT solutions. Additionally, the IT solutions may not be developed or implemented as timely or as accurately as planned. Failure to properly implement the IT solutions could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including coordinating and processing our normal business activities, testing and recording of certain data necessary to provide oversight over our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, and other unforeseen problems. We rely heavily on computer, information, and communications technology and related systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. Cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism against us, our customers and/or our vendors or other breaches of our data security could cause service disruption or, in extreme circumstances, loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems, which could subject us to significant liabilities, cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, or result in regulatory investigations or actions by governmental authorities. The continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. To the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay. Our ability to maintain our productivity and profitability is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We may not be able to maintain an adequately skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among other factors, our ability to expand the range of services we offer to customers to address their evolving infrastructure needs, attract new customers, and increase the number of projects performed for existing customers. Our customers are also seeking additional specialized labor resources to address an aging utility workforce and labor availability issues, increasing pressure to reduce costs and improve reliability, and increasing duration and complexity of customer capital programs. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where customer demand for labor resources will outpace the supply of industry resources. We are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through the establishment and expansion of our training facility, our recent acquisition of a postsecondary educational institution that provides pre-apprenticeship training and programs for experienced linemen, and other strategic relationships. Our business is highly competitive, and competitive pressures could affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The competitive environment we operate in could also affect the timing of contract awards and the commencement or progress of work under awarded contracts.