We operate in an environment that involves significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our information technology capabilities. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. As a company with an increasingly global presence, our systems are subject to frequent attacks, and while we continue to make investments to improve the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. 

We rely on our collaboration with Bayer for commercializing Eylea outside the United States, and we depend on Bayer to obtain and maintain regulatory approval outside the United States and provide all sales, marketing, and commercial support for the product outside the United States. If Bayer does not perform its obligations in a timely manner, or at all, our ability to commercialize Eylea outside the United States will be significantly adversely affected. We have limited commercial capabilities outside the United States and would have to develop or outsource these capabilities. Our ability to develop, manufacture, and commercialize our product candidates will be significantly adversely affected if our collaboration with Sanofi is terminated or if Sanofi fails to comply with its payment obligations under any of our collaborations. 

The successful commercialization of our marketed products, as well as our late-stage product candidates or new indications for our marketed products, will depend on obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement for use of these products from third-party payers, including Medicare and Medicaid in the United States. These payers may not cover or adequately reimburse for use of our products or may do so at levels that make our products uncompetitive and/or unprofitable. Our business is subject to increasingly complex corporate governance, public disclosure, and accounting requirements and regulations that could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Changes in applicable federal and state laws and agency regulations could have a materially negative impact on our business, including changes in the FDA and foreign regulatory processes for new therapeutics that may delay or prevent the approval of our current or future product candidates. 

We expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of Eylea, Dupixent, Praluent, and Kevzara, as well as preparation for potential commercialization of Cemiplimab and other indications of Dupixent. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the net sales of our marketed products, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, and the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with Sanofi and Bayer.