Our strategy includes an increasing dependence on technology in our operations; if any of our key technology fails, our business could be adversely affected. Our information technology systems are critical to our ability to drive profitable growth through differentiation, continue the implementation of standardized processes and deliver a consistent customer experience. Problems with the operation of the information or communication technology systems we use could adversely affect, or temporarily disable, all or a portion of our operations. Inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected or expected revenue or cost savings. Additionally, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws. We use information technology, including computer and information networks, in substantially all aspects of our business operations. We also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees and our customers. Such uses give rise to cyber security risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. We also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information. While we pursue our strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cyber security risk. If we fail to assess and identify cyber security risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage. Our ability to manage growth and execute our growth strategy is dependent on our technology capabilities, which include the effective support of our business needs. The integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management, particularly in the context of technology deployment and operational efficiency. We have made substantial investment in our e-commerce platform to enable our customers to do business with us through more channels and with better access to information. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The risks associated with undisclosed liabilities of acquired businesses may also impact our IT capabilities and overall operational effectiveness.