Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by attacks on information technology infrastructure and other cyber-based and business disruptions. Cyber-based risks include, but are not limited to, both attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. Disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure could result from cyber-attacks or failures of such infrastructure, which could impact business operations, result in unauthorized release of confidential information, and corrupt our data. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, financial losses from remedial actions, and damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, information technology security systems, internal controls, and compliance systems to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our competitive position may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings. Our business may also be affected by government contracting risks, as most of our government contracts are fixed-price contracts, which subject us to the risk of reduced margins or losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs. Our international operations are subject to risks associated with changes in local government laws, regulations, and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, which can affect demand for our products and services and impact our competitive position. We have invested in certain countries that carry high levels of currency, political, compliance, and economic risk, and we expect that sales to emerging markets will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on various factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules, as well as the performance of suppliers and subcontractors. The introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the U.S., and we may be subject to disruptions, losses, and liability resulting from various cybersecurity attacks or information technology failures. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition.