Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to effectively manage our business, launch digital and other initiatives, and coordinate the production, distribution, administration and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our priority to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees as they do from us, and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience whether they visit a company-operated store or a licensed store. Our business strategy, including our plans for new stores, foodservice, branded products and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, particularly in our international markets. We provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these business partners, but the product quality and service they deliver may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control, including financial pressures they may face. Our information technology systems also contain Starbucks proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, product development initiatives and designs. We have experienced frequent attempts to compromise our information technology systems. If we or a third party were to experience a material breach of our or such third party's information technology systems that result in the unauthorized access, theft, use or destruction of customers' or employees' data or that of the company stored in such systems, it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand, our ability to retain or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. We rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Our systems hardware, software and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, errors by our employees or third-party service providers, or a breach in the security of these systems or platforms, including through cyber-attacks. If our incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues in an effective manner, they could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations and our financial results.