The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. Increased competition may reduce our sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. We face substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of our paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are the key competitive factors for our business. Competition in any of these areas may reduce our sales and adversely affect our earnings or cash flow by resulting in decreased sales volumes, reduced prices, and increased costs of manufacturing, distributing, and selling our products. The benefits that are expected to result from the acquisition of Valspar will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies as a result of the acquisition. Our success in realizing these growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of Valspar. There is a significant degree of difficulty and management distraction inherent in the process of integrating an acquisition as sizable as Valspar. The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, our activities. Members of our senior management may be required to devote considerable amounts of time to this integration process, which will decrease the time they will have to manage our company, service existing customers, attract new customers, and develop new products or strategies. If senior management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, our business could suffer. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information, whether through a breach of our computer systems, including cyber attacks, or otherwise, could severely harm our business. As part of our business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential personal information about our customers, employees, and suppliers. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems, and those of the retailers, dealers, licensees, and other third-party suppliers and vendors with which we do business, may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, or other similar events. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, employee, supplier, or company information could result in losses, severely damage our reputation, expose us to the risks of litigation and liability, disrupt our operations, and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations. These laws and regulations not only govern our current operations and products but also impose potential liability on us for our past operations. We expect health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future.