The oilfield service industry is highly competitive. Our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. Although we devote significant resources to protect our systems and data, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in disruptions to our business operations, access to our financial reporting systems, the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware or other attacks, or other loss, misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, including our intellectual property and customer data. During the past three years of unprecedented market downturn, we have proactively sought to strengthen our technology offering and presence in key markets around the world. Schlumberger has continued to evaluate the present and future return prospects for all of its product lines, as it seeks to maximize its long-term financial performance. Based on this in-depth analysis, Schlumberger identified the seismic acquisition business as the only product line that does not meet Schlumberger's return expectations going forward, even after factoring in an eventual market recovery. Schlumberger has, therefore, taken the difficult decision to exit the marine and land seismic acquisition market and instead operate the WesternGeco product line as an asset-light business, built on its leading position within multiclient, data processing and geophysical interpretation. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations. Our ability to transfer people and products among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with complex US and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. Our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. An accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. Our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. Moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. Any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits or subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.