The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric utilities' generating, transmission, and distribution facilities and southern company gas' natural gas distribution and storage facilities and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cyber security standards, and information technology system failure. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years as a result of the proliferation of new technology and increased sophistication and frequency of cyber attacks and data security breaches. The traditional electric operating companies, southern power, and southern company gas operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. Because of the critical nature of the infrastructure, increased connectivity to the internet, and technology systems' inherent vulnerability to disability or failures due to hacking, viruses, acts of war or terrorism, or other types of data security breaches, southern company and its subsidiaries face a heightened risk of cyberattack. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject, and will likely continue to be subject, to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their information technology systems and confidential data or to attempts to disrupt utility operations. As a result, southern company and its subsidiaries face ongoing threats to their assets, including assets deemed critical infrastructure, where databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing, and other cyber attacks. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical attacks. If assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, the traditional electric operating companies, southern power, or southern company gas, as applicable, may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or physical security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of information technology systems and network infrastructure. If assets were to fail or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, the affected registrant may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised. Any cyber breach or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the affected registrant to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties.