We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business and competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. Our strategy includes achieving financial targets and creating shareholder value by focusing on organic revenue growth and continuing to deliver margin expansion with a focus on operating leverage and efficiency opportunities. We strive for operational excellence, continuous innovation, and a high-performance culture driven by our best-in-class talent. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Innovation and constant development in support of new products and enhancements to existing products calls for the implementation of new and improved processes and technologies that require related change management efforts. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. Our ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses and the communities in which we are located. We rely heavily on network systems and the internet, and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. We have made significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives, and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Our businesses are subject to increasing regulation of the financial services and commodities industries in Europe. The financial benchmarks industry is subject to the new pending benchmark regulation in the European Union as well as potential increased regulation in other jurisdictions. The introduction of the MiFID II package may result in changes to the manner in which S&P Dow Jones Indices licenses its indices. We are committed to enhancing our digital infrastructure capabilities, with emphasis on workplace services and cybersecurity. Our ability to protect our intellectual property rights could impact our competitive position. The geographic breadth of our activities subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance, and reputational risks. We have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third-party service providers may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, which could result in material financial loss, higher costs, regulatory actions, and reputational harm. Our ability to attract and retain customers is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Our ability to achieve anticipated results depends in part on our ability to defend our intellectual property rights against infringement and misappropriation. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes, and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems, and maintain business continuity.