The following factors could cause our future results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements: changes in available technology and the effects of such changes, including product substitutions and deployment costs; our ability to develop attractive and profitable product/service offerings to offset increasing competition; the ability of our competitors to offer product/service offerings at lower prices due to lower cost structures and regulatory and legislative actions adverse to us; our ability to manage growth in wireless video and data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs and terms; and changes in our corporate strategies, such as changing network-related requirements or acquisitions and dispositions, which may require significant amounts of cash or stock, to respond to competition and regulatory, legislative and technological developments. The final outcome of FCC and other federal, state or foreign government agency proceedings involving issues that are important to our business, including the transition from legacy technologies to IP-based infrastructure, could also impact our IT capabilities. Our ability to absorb revenue losses caused by increasing competition, including offerings that use alternative technologies or delivery methods, highlights the importance of our IT capabilities in maintaining competitive advantage. The uncertainty surrounding further congressional action to address spending reductions may affect our operational flexibility and investment decisions related to technology resources. The impact from major equipment failures on our networks, including the effect of security breaches related to the network or customer information, emphasizes the need for robust IT governance and management skills. Our ability to adequately fund our wireless operations, including payment for additional spectrum, network upgrades, and technological advancements, is critical for sustaining our IT capabilities and overall firm performance. The availability and cost of additional wireless spectrum and regulations and conditions relating to spectrum use are also integral to our technology deployment and operational efficiency. Our increased exposure to video competition and foreign economies, including foreign exchange fluctuations as well as regulatory and political uncertainty, necessitates a strong focus on our IT capabilities to adapt to market dynamics. The continued development and delivery of attractive and profitable video and broadband offerings depend on our capability to match speeds offered by our competitors and the reliability of the various technologies and/or content required to provide such offerings. The outcome of pending, threatened or potential litigation, including patent and product safety claims, could further influence our IT effectiveness and strategic management practices. Our ability to maintain margins, attract and offer a diverse portfolio of video, wireless service and devices, and device financing plans is closely tied to our IT capabilities and the strategic alignment of our business processes with market demands.