Our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, and our customers' profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions. We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream. We provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. We expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. Our three core value drivers are obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers. Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. We are also vulnerable to damage from cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction, operator error, or process failures. Any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair, or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We face significant competition and operate in a highly competitive global industry. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support, and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. We may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive. Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured, or serviced. While we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims, our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. We also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. We believe our cash from operations and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make opportunistic investments in our own stock, make strategic business combinations, and/or pay dividends to our shareholders.