Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. The functionality, reliability, and speed of our digital channels and fulfillment options affect our ability to compete. We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing new technology, software, and processes to be able to cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from our vendors and from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers. Providing flexible fulfillment options is complex and may not meet guest expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, and low-price or free shipping. If we are unable to attract and retain team members, contract with third parties, or make selective acquisitions to obtain the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to support our personalization efforts, allow real-time and accurate visibility to product availability when guests are ready to purchase, quickly and efficiently fulfill orders using the fulfillment and payment methods guests demand, or provide a convenient and consistent experience for our guests across all sales channels, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence. We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, and summarize and analyze results. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions. We continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and could negatively impact guest experience and guest confidence. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and selective acquisitions to improve guest experiences across sales channels and improve our supply chain and inventory management systems. These investments might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired return. If we are unable to successfully protect any intellectual property rights resulting from our investments, the value received from those investments may be eroded, which could adversely affect our financial condition. Changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax policy or trade relations, interruptions in our supply chain, or increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. As we continue to add capabilities, operating our fulfillment network becomes more complex and challenging. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays, or increased delivery costs, which could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations.