The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Competitive factors include technological innovation, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Without the timely introduction of new products, services, and enhancements, the company's offerings may become technologically obsolete, adversely affecting revenue and operating results. The company is pursuing strategies to improve internal growth, including strengthening its presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, and expanding service offerings. The company's growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. The company relies on its technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell products and services, fulfill orders, and conduct business. The company periodically implements new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage business operations. Problems could arise during these implementations, potentially disrupting the ability to provide quotes, take customer orders, and run the business in a timely manner. The company’s systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from various threats, including natural disasters, power loss, and cyber-attacks, which could result in interruptions in services and harm to reputation and financial results. The company emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms. The company’s IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of its assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company’s ability to realize the value of its goodwill and intangible assets will depend on future cash flows, which are influenced by how well it integrates acquired businesses. The company’s business is affected by general economic conditions and uncertainties, which could reduce demand for its products and increase the risk of excess and obsolete inventories. The company's operations depend on its ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates could adversely affect cash flows and results of operations. The company’s management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges related to acquisition activities and restructuring costs. The company’s effective tax rate may vary due to changes in accounting for income taxes and tax laws. The company recorded cash flow from operations of $4.01 billion in 2017, which was primarily due to higher income before amortization and depreciation and lower investment in working capital. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents, along with future cash flow from operations, will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.