We are continuously expanding and improving our information technology systems, including implementing new internally developed systems, to assist us in the management of our business. Our volume production of multiple vehicles necessitates continued development, maintenance, and improvement of our information technology systems in the U.S. and abroad, which include product data management, procurement, inventory management, production planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, dealer management, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. The implementation, maintenance, and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support, and cost. Moreover, there are inherent risks associated with developing, improving, and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems, including the disruption of our data management, procurement, manufacturing execution, finance, supply chain, and sales and service processes. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory, procure parts or supplies, or manufacture, sell, deliver, and service vehicles, or achieve and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. We also maintain information technology measures designed to protect us against system security risks, data breaches, and cyber-attacks. If we do not successfully implement, maintain, or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report our financial results could be impaired, and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact our ability to certify our financial results. Furthermore, our proprietary information could be compromised, and our reputation may be adversely affected. Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to manufacture, market, and sell the Model 3 vehicle, which we are offering at a lower price point and which we intend to produce at significantly higher volumes than our present production capabilities for the Model S or Model X vehicles. We have no experience to date in manufacturing vehicles at the high volumes that we anticipate for Model 3, and to be successful, we will need to complete the implementation and ramp of efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes, and supply chains necessary to support such volumes. We are employing a higher degree of automation in our materials conveyance, battery module production, and other manufacturing processes for Model 3 than we have previously employed, and in some cases, we have implemented interim processes such as semi-automated manufacturing lines, for which we are likely to incur additional labor costs until we bring online our fully automated processes. Concurrent with the significant planned increase in our vehicle production levels, we will also need to continue to significantly increase deliveries of, and servicing capacity for, our vehicles. Although we have a plan for delivering and servicing significantly increased volumes of vehicles, we have limited experience in delivering a high volume of vehicles, and no experience in delivering and servicing vehicles at the significantly higher volumes we anticipate for Model 3, and we may face difficulties meeting our delivery and growth plans into both existing markets as well as new markets into which we expand. If we are unable to ramp up to meet our delivery and servicing needs globally, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results.