We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. We face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. Additionally, traditional intellectual property licensors are increasingly providing functionality, designs, and complete hardware or software solutions that compete with our products. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of information technology systems. Breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems or the systems of our customers, vendors, and other third parties could be caused by factors such as computer viruses, system failures, restricted network access, unauthorized access, terrorism, employee malfeasance, or human error. Cybersecurity threats are frequent and constantly evolving, thereby increasing the difficulty of defending against them. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture, and market innovative products in a timely manner. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products and develop new ones to meet changing customer demands. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations as a result of, for example, quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic, and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources, and utilities. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules, and regulations to which our business is subject, including those related to data privacy and protection. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines, and technology. Our strategic focus, and where we invest the majority of our resources, is on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on designing and selling those products into the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. Our business model is designed around sustainable competitive advantages, including a strong foundation of manufacturing and technology, a broad portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors, and the broadest reach of market channels. Our strategic decisions to directly control our manufacturing help ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and also allow us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of our customers' needs than our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system.