We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations - we rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. Our capital plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments, including initial construction work on a new classification yard in our southern region. In addition, expenditures will be made for positive train control, locomotives, intermodal containers and chassis, and freight cars. We expect to take delivery of approximately 60 new locomotives in 2018, which will complete our multi-year purchase commitments. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. Our operating ratio improved 1.5 points to 62.0% in 2017 compared to 2016. Core pricing gains, volume leverage, and productivity savings more than offset higher inflation, costs associated with the workforce reduction plan, higher fuel prices, and other expenses to drive operating ratio improvement. Our freight revenues increased 7% year-over-year to $19.8 billion driven by volume growth of 2%, higher fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains. We believe that our capital investments will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and many laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and in addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. Our ability to leverage technology and improve operational efficiency is critical to maintaining our competitive position in the market.