We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, malware attacks, malicious employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, human errors, or catastrophic events. We also depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers and franchisees and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally, and changes in laws, regulations, and policies and the related interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. We utilize technology to increase package sorting and delivery productivity, and we continue to deploy and utilize technology to enhance operational efficiency. Our business processes are increasingly reliant on digital technologies, and we aim to leverage our information management capability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The provision of service to our customers and the operation of our networks and systems involve the storage and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. Our ability to effectively support business needs through IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We regularly move data across national borders and are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. The evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national, and international basis, and if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our reliance on information technology to track items that move through our delivery systems, efficiently plan deliveries, execute billing processes, and track and report financial and operational data underscores the importance of IT capability in our operational framework. The integration of technology capabilities into our business processes is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and enhancing our competitive advantage in the market.