We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development, and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning, and monetizing real estate assets. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. These risks include fluctuations in occupancy, economic conditions, competition, and the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. We are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. We could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. We cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisitions, investment, development, and redevelopment opportunities. Our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity, or other capital resources. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions will be adversely affected if any of the risks described herein, or other significant adverse events, occur. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information. Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, and other electronic security breaches, including those resulting from human error, product defects, and technology failures. We employ a number of measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate these threats; however, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber-attack.