We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. Our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. We face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. The age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud, or unethical conduct, could result in damage to our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability, or the loss of contracts, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including security risks, including cybersecurity. We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties, including Chesapeake Energy Corporation and its affiliates, and our credit risk management will not be able to completely eliminate such risk. Our industry is highly competitive and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. We have numerous competitors in all aspects of our businesses, and additional competitors may enter our markets. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies or to devote greater resources to the construction, expansion, or refurbishment of their facilities than we can. The financial condition of our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses is dependent on the continued availability of natural gas supplies in the supply basins that we access and demand for those supplies in the markets we serve. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins. We may not be able to grow or effectively manage our growth. As part of our growth strategy, we consider acquisition opportunities and engage in significant capital projects. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks or our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our growth may also be dependent upon the construction of new natural gas gathering, transportation, compression, processing or treating pipelines, and facilities, NGL transportation, or fractionation or storage facilities as well as the expansion of existing facilities. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We expect to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States.