We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs, and our online operations. Given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is crucial that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems are not fully redundant, and if our systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, may be subject to cyber-attacks. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Cyber threats and cyber-attackers can be sponsored by countries or sophisticated criminal organizations or be the work of single "hackers" or small groups of "hackers." Each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. As cyber threats evolve, change, and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber-attacks might defeat our or a third-party service provider's security measures in the future and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates, and vendors. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and digital platform merchandising and related technology could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally, and have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We are allocating more capital to remodels, ecommerce, technology, and supply chain and less to new store and club openings, when compared to prior years. This allocation aligns with our initiatives of improving our customer proposition in stores and clubs and integrating digital and physical shopping. We continued to focus on ecommerce, including a seamless omni-channel shopping experience, in each of our segments during fiscal 2018. Our fiscal 2018 accomplishments in this area include growing "online grocery" to over 1,100 pickup locations in the U.S., new dedicated ecommerce fulfillment centers, two-day free shipping with no membership fee at Walmart U.S., and one-hour delivery from stores in China.