We are investing in resources to update and improve our information technology systems to digitize Autodesk and support our customers. Our reliance on our network and data center infrastructure, technology systems, and websites for our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities is critical. We continually invest resources to update and improve these systems to meet the evolving requirements of our business and customers. In particular, our transition to cloud-based products and a subscription-only business model involves considerable investment in the development of technologies, as well as back-office systems for technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources. Such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or may uncover problems with those systems. We devote significant resources in an effort to maintain the security and integrity of our systems, offerings, services, and applications, including by enhancing security features, conducting penetration tests, code hardening, releasing security vulnerability updates, and accelerating our incident response time. The software industry is characterized by rapid technological changes as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences. In recent years, the industry has undergone a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. Customers are also reconsidering how they purchase software products, which requires us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects, and large expenditures. We are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. A critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products, as well as other individual Autodesk products, expand their portfolios to include our other offerings and cloud-based functionality, and we are taking steps to accelerate this migration. Our executive management team must continuously act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry. We have observed other companies, as well as many governments, continuing to take precautionary measures to address COVID-19, and they may take further actions that alter their normal business operations. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures have affected how we and our customers are operating our respective businesses, and the extent of the impact on our business and results of operations remains uncertain. We are continuing to conduct business during the COVID-19 pandemic with substantial modifications to employee travel and work locations, as well as virtualization, postponement, or cancellation of certain sales and marketing events, among other changes. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue and, as we expand our international development, sales, and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the United States.