The company's success depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. The company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience while also seeking to increase efficiencies. The company will continue to incur expenses related to investments in digital capabilities and product innovation. If the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. The company has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. The company continues to promote digital and web-based sales to groups and the use of its system that enables smart device-based insurance applications. The company is also developing new and innovative products and enhancing existing products. The company has implemented a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third-party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, and other cyber-attacks that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data. The company has made significant investments in its brand over a long period of time, and the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor commitments to policyholders. The company has increased its focus on digital transformation to enhance operational efficiency and customer engagement. The company's long-term strategy depends on successful operational execution and its ability to execute on its transformational initiatives, combined with its ability to achieve efficiencies and attract and retain personnel. The company has also undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of its solvency margin ratio, including employing policy reserve matching investment strategies. The company has advanced and continues to refine the design of its discount rate methodology for both the U.S. and Japan insurance business. The company is continually evaluating other adjustments, including the possibility of changing the level of hedging employed with its U.S. dollar-denominated investments. The company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements and plans for cash, including material cash requirements from known contractual obligations. The company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral.