We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses. If we are unable to apply technology effectively in driving value for our clients through technology-based solutions or gain internal efficiencies and effective internal controls through the application of technology and related tools, our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs could be adversely affected. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat and opportunity presented by digital disruption and developments in technology. These may include new applications or insurance-related services based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, robotics, blockchain, or new approaches to data mining. We must also develop and implement technology solutions and technical expertise among our employees that anticipate and keep pace with rapid and continuing changes in technology, industry standards, client preferences, and internal control standards. We may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our ideas may not be accepted in the marketplace. Additionally, the effort to gain technological expertise and develop new technologies in our business requires us to incur significant expenses. Investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. We are increasing our use of cloud storage and cloud computing application services supported, upgraded, and maintained by third-party vendors. A disruption affecting these services or any other infrastructure supporting our business, including key customer relationship management software, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, cause reputational harm, and damage our employee and client relationships. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, policies, and resources and employee training. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further system protections measures could increase significantly as cybersecurity threats increase and as technology changes. We rely on information technology and third-party vendors to support our business activities, including our secure processing of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information. Cybersecurity or data breaches of certain systems on which we rely have occurred, although to date we have not been materially impacted by any such breach. In the future, breaches of any such third-party or internal system may result from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks, or other cyber-attacks, hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches, or other actions. We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations globally regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Complying with enhanced obligations imposed by various new and emerging laws is resulting in significant costs of developing, implementing, or securing our servers and is requiring us to allocate more resources to new privacy compliance processes and to improved technologies, adding to our IT and compliance costs. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.