We rely on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property. If essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes are not available to manufacture our products, we could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to manage the risks related to the use of our third-party distributors and aib partners or offer appropriate incentives to focus them on the sale of our products could be materially adversely affected. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation and operations. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, graphics cards, software, memory and other components that our customers utilize to support and/or use our microprocessor, gpu and apu offerings. Our revenue from our semi-custom soc products is dependent upon our semi-custom soc products being incorporated into customers' products and the success of those products. The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive and delivering the latest and best products to market on a timely basis is critical to achieving revenue growth. Our ability to forecast demand is complicated when our products are sold indirectly through downstream channel distributors and customers, as our forecasts for demand are then based on estimates provided by multiple parties throughout the downstream channel. We also rely on third parties to provide certain information technology services to us, including help desk support, desktop application services, business and software support applications, server and storage administration, data center operations, database administration and voice, video and remote access. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the united states and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. Our business is subject to potential tax liabilities, including as a result of tax regulation changes. The occurrence of a default under any of these borrowing arrangements would permit the applicable note holders or the lenders under our revolving credit facility to declare all amounts outstanding under the indentures or the revolving credit facility to be immediately due and payable.