The company relies on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). These systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, ransomware, human error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. Given a significant subset of employees have transitioned to working from home, disaster recovery may take longer to complete. The company has experienced sequential improvement in its financial results since the third quarter of 2020, and this trend has continued throughout 2021. The current economic environment is characterized by increased material cost inflation, logistics challenges, labor availability issues, and component part shortages. The company continues to monitor and closely manage through these conditions and has taken steps to mitigate the impacts of the challenging economic environment. The company's growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, which are intended to enhance its global market position and broaden its product offerings. The ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon factors including the impact of increased competition for acquisitions, which may increase acquisition costs, affect the ability to consummate acquisitions on favorable terms, and result in assuming a greater portion of the seller's liabilities. The process of integrating acquired businesses into existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. The company invests in research, development and engineering activities to design and develop new and improved products and solutions, with research and development expenses directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions. The company is committed to maintaining its existing technological advantages, which requires continued investment in research and development and sales and marketing. The company's information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks, and the sophistication and frequency of such attacks are expected to continue to increase. Any attacks, breaches or other disruptions could interrupt operations or the operations of customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and the company's reputation, or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation. The company maintains cyber risk insurance, but damages and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. The company has been named a potentially responsible party at several sites, which are the subject of government-mandated clean-ups. The company believes that the outcome of these matters is not likely to have a material adverse effect on its financial position or future results of operations.