A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers. The ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure is critical. Delays or changes in the deployment of next-generation wireless technologies and technological changes could also impact our business. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The integration of acquired or leased assets may adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations, or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets, and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including differing systems and cultural differences. Significant acquisition-related integration costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. The integration challenges include transitioning all data related to the assets to a common information technology system and successfully transitioning the lease rent payment and tenant billing and collection processes. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. Our customers may experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. New technologies or changes in our or a customer's business model could make our communications infrastructure leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business. We may experience increased competition for the acquisition of communications infrastructure assets or contracts to build new communications infrastructure assets for customers, which could make the acquisition of high-quality assets significantly more costly or prohibitive. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, including our ability to comply with bribery and anti-corruption laws and the potential failure to successfully integrate the assets we acquire. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations. We may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal, or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials. Our towers, fiber networks, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. We face risks associated with unauthorized access to our or our vendors' computer systems, loss or destruction of data, and cybersecurity breaches. The emergence and growth of new technologies could reduce demand for our sites, and we must continuously evaluate and enhance our cybersecurity and information security systems.