Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and we face intense competition and industry consolidation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. The market demand for networking solutions has increased as end customers have deployed larger, more sophisticated networks and have increased the use of virtualization and cloud computing. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. Our ability to manage our supply chain may also be adversely affected by geopolitical conditions such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused business disruptions around the world and may result in customers delaying or canceling capital expenditures on information technology and network infrastructure, which may affect the overall demand for our products. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our ability to provide networking solutions that address the needs of end customers more effectively and economically than those of other competitors or existing technologies is crucial. We expect to continue expanding our sales force and marketing activities in key geographies, as well as our relationships with channel, technology, and system-level partners in order to reach new end customers more effectively. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products. We also rely on our ability to protect our proprietary technology, which is incorporated in the source code for our products. Our success and ability to compete depend substantially upon our internally developed technology. We have chosen to provide access to selected source code of our software to several of our partners for co-development, which creates additional risk that our competitors could develop products that are similar to or better than ours. Our products contain software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, and failure to comply with the terms of these licenses could restrict our ability to sell our products. Our business depends on end customers renewing their maintenance and support contracts, and any decline in maintenance renewals could harm our future business. We are also subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls. Our reliance on component suppliers yields the potential for the infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property rights due to the incorporation of such components into our products. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products.