Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate safely and efficiently and interface with our customers as well as to maintain our internal control environment and financial reporting accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, property damage, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation and our financial statements. The protection of information about our employees, vendors, and customers is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect our ability to produce and distribute products and possibly expose us to third-party liability claims. Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control, including those related to economic conditions. The COVID-19 global pandemic may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are actively investing large amounts of capital and other resources in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and involve significantly larger and more complex projects. The successful operation of particular facilities or execution of projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of war, sabotage or terrorism, and other local security concerns. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our financial results could be impacted adversely by claims under indemnification provisions. We are subject to extensive government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices, and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies.