Our business depends on various IT systems and outsourced IT services, and any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services and to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and will likely continue to disrupt normal business activity, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process, typically at one particular fab or foundry. We depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is also dependent on our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, and the level of capacity utilization. We pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements, and often aggressive pricing practices. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and any other indebtedness we may incur. We also face risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. The ongoing uncertainty and supply imbalance caused by the pandemic have caused and may continue to cause our net revenue to fluctuate significantly and impact our results of operations. We may also be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to cease the manufacture and distribution of certain products, and we could be subject to administrative proceedings and civil or criminal penalties.