We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can be consistently configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to grow a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our deployment costs could negatively impact our operating results. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors, and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on direct sales and independent distributors. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers, and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner could adversely affect our sales. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. We are investing in technologies that include our conducted energy devices, body cameras, in-car cameras, and other sensors, artificial intelligence, digital evidence management, productivity software, communications software, and technologies that enable real-time situational awareness for public safety. We expect R&D expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we focus on growing the software and sensors segment as we add headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services to further advance our scalable cloud-connected device platform. We have implemented additional long-term agreements with strategic suppliers to mitigate the risk of supply continuity, but there remains risk across our supply chain while we extend our supplier contract program. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Our focus on our SaaS platform also presents complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, financial results, and competitive position. We are tracking second- and third-level constraints and have taken steps to mitigate the potential impacts by building in buffers in our raw materials inventory and ensuring our suppliers have adequate access to raw material levels aligned to our forecasts. Our future success will depend on our ability to manage our growth and to increase manufacturing production capacity, which may be accomplished by the implementation of customized manufacturing automation equipment. The investments we make in this equipment may not yield the anticipated labor and material efficiencies. Our inability to meet any future increase in sales demand or effectively manage our expansion could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, financial results, and financial condition. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected.