Business and economic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations, and difficult conditions in the business and economic environment have had a material adverse effect on our business. We are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. Factors such as consumer spending and confidence, household income, unemployment rates, business investment, and geopolitical instability all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. The payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with card networks, issuers, and acquirers, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment and financing providers. If we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors and develop compelling value propositions for our customers, we may not be able to compete effectively. Our business may also be negatively affected if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance and perceptions of coverage. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our partners, and we rely on our business partners across many aspects of our company. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, and operational outages. The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success, and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions due to technology malfunctions, natural disasters, or cyberattacks. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents, which require significant investment and ongoing monitoring. Our ability to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses is critical. We need to continue to invest in technology across all areas of our business, including transaction processing, data management and analytics, and customer interactions. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, and new technologies may emerge that could render our existing technology obsolete. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity. The process of integrating an acquired company or technology could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We may also face risks with other types of strategic transactions, such as the sale of operations. Our operations, business, customers, and partners could be materially adversely affected by climate change, which may exacerbate certain threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We rely on third-party service providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to our operations. The management and oversight of multiple service providers increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, litigation, or economic harm to us.