We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. Although we and our third-party service providers work diligently to maintain our respective systems, we may not be successful in doing so. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. These technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, cost increases and other obstacles with these projects. Failure to protect or effectively respond to a breach of the privacy and security of customers', suppliers', autozoners' or company information could damage our reputation, subject us to litigation and cause us to incur substantial costs. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company. Senior management and the board of directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. While we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. We believe our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. However, our business or our third-party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. To date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber-security; however, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to unauthorized access or phishing attempts, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes. In particular, in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a spike in cyber-security attacks as shelter in place orders and work from home measures have led businesses to increase reliance on virtual environments and communications systems, which have been subjected to increasing third-party vulnerabilities and security risks. As the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous and complex, compliance with these requirements could also result in significant additional costs. We have invested in information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated.