We rely on information systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. Our information systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar cyberattacks in the future. Cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed, destroyed, or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. Likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, litigation, and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners, and customers. Our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and for products incorporating digital capabilities, as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market demands in terms of our product offerings and marketing approaches. The medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery and frequent product introductions. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes, or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services, and other factors. Our operations are dependent in part on patents and other intellectual property assets. Many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark, and other intellectual property assets, which are of material importance to our business. We can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges, or governmental action. Our international operations are governed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the U.S. Global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by U.S. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. While we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with these laws, our international operations create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents, or distributors. We are subject to risks associated with public health threats, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse effect on our business. The pandemic has impacted our global supply chain network, and we may experience disruptions or delays in shipments of certain materials or components used in our products. We have experienced significant challenges to our global transportation channels and other aspects of the global supply chain network, including to the cost and availability of raw materials and components due to shortages and resulting cost inflation. Our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business, develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. We continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product programs to drive further revenue and profit growth.