We rely on information technology (IT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns. Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, research and development pipeline, and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Our ability to manufacture our products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our employees. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by employees contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work-from-home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing, and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our operations, financial performance, and cash flows have been negatively impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, and the challenging macroeconomic conditions caused by the pandemic, including disruptions in economic activity, including procedures using our products, disruptions in global supply chains, labor markets, and significant volatility in price and availability of goods and services. We may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes, and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. We continue to monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete, and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency to better align expenses with revenues while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people, which we believe is important to our long-term success. The COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our results of operations, financial performance, and financial condition to a number of risks, including operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety, which may inhibit our ability to quickly respond to increased customer demand and to take advantage of more favorable economic and market conditions after the pandemic subsides.