Citi continued to invest in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, and make business-led investments. Citi's operating expenses increased 9% versus the prior year, primarily reflecting investments in Citi's transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, business-led investments and revenue- and transaction-related expenses, partially offset by productivity savings. Citi's net ACL release primarily reflected improvement in Citi's macroeconomic outlook and portfolio credit quality. The firm has embarked on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change Citi's business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi's value to customers, clients and shareholders. This includes efforts to effectively implement the October 2020 FRB and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) consent orders issued to Citigroup and Citibank, respectively. Citi's CEO has made the strengthening of Citi's risk and control environment a strategic priority and has established a chief administrative officer organization to centralize program management. In addition, the Citigroup and Citibank boards of directors each formed a transformation oversight committee to provide oversight of management's remediation efforts under the consent orders. Citi's revenues declined 5% from the prior year, primarily driven by lower revenues in both Institutional Clients Group (ICG) and Global Consumer Banking (GCB), partially offset by higher revenues in corporate/other. The firm reported net income of $22.0 billion, reflecting an allowance for credit loss (ACL) release of approximately $8.8 billion as a result of continued improvement in both the macroeconomic environment and portfolio credit quality. Citi's expenses included pretax costs primarily related to charges incurred from the voluntary early retirement program in connection with the wind-down of the Korea consumer banking business. ICG revenues decreased 3%, as a 7% increase in banking revenues was more than offset by an 11% decline in markets and securities services revenues. GCB revenues decreased 10% from the prior year, reflecting continued solid deposit growth and growth in assets under management that were more than offset by lower card loans and lower deposit spreads. The firm expects expenses in 2022 to continue to be impacted by its transformation-related and business-led investments. ICG's net income increased 36%, reflecting lower cost of credit, partially offset by higher expenses and lower revenues. The increase in net income was driven by lower cost of credit, partially offset by higher expenses and lower revenues. The firm continues to work constructively with regulators and will continue to reflect their feedback in its project plans and execution efforts. Citi's planned divestitures of its consumer businesses across Mexico, Asia and EMEA are aligned with the repositioning of its consumer operations to focus on global wealth centers, as well as payments and lending and a targeted retail presence in the U.S. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals.