The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats, from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. The potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results. Our business is subject to the inventory management decisions and sourcing practices of our dealers and our OEM customers. We are a significant user of steel and many other commodities required for the manufacture of our products. In addition, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience transportation delays for parts, components and finished machines due to significant demands in global transportation and congestion at ports throughout the globe. We continue to develop and modify contingency plans to minimize supply chain challenges that may impact our ability to meet increasing customer demand. We expect these challenges to continue this year. Our global operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in the U.S. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability or uncertainty. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality and price. Our share of industry sales could be reduced due to aggressive pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing difficulties, or our failure to price our products competitively. Our results and ability to compete may be impacted negatively by changes in our geographic and product mix of sales. We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for the manufacture of our products. Production challenges at suppliers, including suppliers of semiconductors, a disruption in deliveries to or from suppliers or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. We have made investments in digital technologies and innovation partnerships to enhance our operational efficiency and business transformation efforts. Our technology portfolio includes capabilities that provide customers fleet management, equipment management analytics, autonomous machine capabilities, safety services and mining performance solutions. We believe that our IT capabilities will continue to evolve to support and enhance our business strategies and work processes, thereby transforming our firm into a competitive force.