Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits (ICs), systems on chips (SoCs), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. We enable our customers to develop electronic products by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring products to market, improving engineering productivity, and reducing design, development, and manufacturing costs. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic could continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition, impacting our ability to deliver products and services. Our strategy, termed intelligent system design, aims to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop electronic products across various vertical markets, including consumer, hyperscale computing, mobile, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, and healthcare. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Our future revenue growth and expansion depend on our successful integration of acquisitions and the ability to realize anticipated benefits such as cost savings and revenue enhancements. We must continue to invest significantly in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies to maintain and improve our competitive position. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses, which are influenced by changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions. The industries we serve are experiencing trends such as changes in the design and manufacturing of ICs, increased complexity in managing designs, and the adoption of cloud computing technologies. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position, and our products or technologies may become obsolete. Our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware, and IP products generating revenue in any given period, and we expect that between 85% and 90% of our annual revenue will be characterized as recurring revenue. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The long sales cycle of our products and services may cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly, and we may incur substantial expenses to develop potential relationships that do not result in agreements or revenue. We rely on our proprietary technology, as well as software and other intellectual property rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate. Our ability to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees is critical to our business, and competition for highly skilled personnel can be intense. Our future effective tax rates may be adversely affected by changes in tax laws or interpretations in jurisdictions where we have business activity. We must comply with numerous laws and regulations, including those related to anti-corruption, tax, corporate governance, financial disclosures, competition, data privacy, and employment. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainties that could impact our stock price.