We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products, and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. We may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. Our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired. Our network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses, such as network management and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. We develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. Various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems, or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results. We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information, the public's awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information, and the volume of legislation regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility, and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors, and third parties. Our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. Our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications and technology industries. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of internet connectivity services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. We continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. Our mobile product line is expected to drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, primarily driven by augmentation of network capacity for customer growth and usage. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations.