As a large global health services company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition or the trading price of our securities. The future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives. Successfully executing on these initiatives depends on our ability to differentiate our products, services and solutions from those of our competitors, develop and create data and analytic solutions to support and improve outcomes for our products, services and solutions, and leverage purchase volume to deliver discounts to health benefit providers. Our strategic initiatives require effective collaboration across our operations, integration of acquired businesses, and the ability to rapidly respond to competitive, economic and regulatory changes. We operate in a highly competitive, evolving and rapidly changing industry, and our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business. Technological changes and rapid shifts in the use of technology, such as telehealth, are significant factors influencing our ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation, availability and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success, requiring ongoing investment in technology that will drive future growth, enhance the customer experience, and protect against cybersecurity risks. Our systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and any failure or disruption of our information technology systems could cause slower response times, decreased levels of service satisfaction and harm to our reputation. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. The scale, scope and duration of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to be unknown and the overall impact on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition has been and may continue to be material. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, such as claims processing and payment, internet support and customer call centers. A significant disruption in service within our operations or among our key suppliers or other third parties could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have dedicated significant resources to implement security technologies, processes and procedures to protect consumer identity and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware and other cyber risks; however, there are no assurances that such measures will be effective against all types of breaches. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers may also be negatively impacted by changes in Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement levels, increasing pressure on revenue and other pressures on health care providers. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges effectively.