We face significant competition worldwide, including from strong local competitors and other large multinational companies, some of which have greater resources than we do. Our success is increasingly dependent on our ability to effectively leverage digital technology and data analytics to gain new commercial insights and develop relevant marketing and advertising to reach customers and consumers. The rapid growth in ecommerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, and we must adapt to changes in consumer preferences, purchasing patterns, and market dynamics. Our ability to innovate and launch new products is affected by whether we can successfully identify, develop, and fund technological innovations. We continue to invest behind our brands, including through advertising, and to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary, and skin health professionals, and traditional and ecommerce retailers. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through innovation within our core businesses, leveraging faster growth in adjacent categories, expanding in high-growth channels and markets, and delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency. We are also seeking to maximize the impact of our environmental, social, and governance programs and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity, and inclusion strategies. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint, and a commitment to driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges presented by COVID-19 and increase shareholder value over time. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including those managed by third parties, to conduct our business, which includes communicating within our company and with other parties, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, processing transactions, and complying with legal, regulatory, and tax requirements. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently and are becoming more sophisticated, which poses a risk to our IT systems. Although we have a broad array of information security measures in place, our IT systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to unauthorized access attempts and other cyber threats. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our IT systems. Furthermore, we periodically upgrade our IT systems or adopt new technologies, and if such upgrades do not function as designed or increase our exposure to cyber incidents, it may adversely impact our business. Our ability to maintain the security of our information technology systems from a cyber-security incident or data breach is critical, as any significant loss or disclosure of confidential information could lead to reputational harm and significant costs. We continue to work to advance culture change through the implementation of diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives throughout our organization, which is essential for attracting and retaining talent. The successful implementation of our strategies and initiatives is critical to our business success and our ability to respond effectively to the rapidly changing retail landscape and evolving consumer preferences.