Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. We face competition from other futures, securities and securities option exchanges; clearing organizations; swap execution facilities; alternative trade execution facilities; technology firms, including market data distributors and electronic trading system developers, and others. Our competitors may respond more quickly to competitive pressures and opportunities, develop products that are preferred by our customers, and utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets, which requires us to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers, and our customers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive, which involves risks, expenses, and uncertainties encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, and financial losses. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error, or cyber attacks. We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. Our strategic business plan focuses on maximizing futures and options growth globally, diversifying our business and revenues, and delivering unparalleled customer efficiencies and operational excellence. We continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future, particularly for technology infrastructure to support our growth through increased system capacity, performance improvements, and integration of acquired platforms. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability and resilience, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are unable to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our technology capabilities and innovation are essential to our competitive positioning and overall business strategy.