Our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. Digital technology, data, and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work. We are heavily dependent on the security, capability, and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, monitor risk and compliance with regulatory requirements, provide services to our customers, develop and offer new products, and communicate with stakeholders. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions, and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. Changes to our business, including those resulting from our strategic objectives, also require robust governance to ensure that our objectives are executed as intended without adversely impacting our customers, associates, operations, or financial performance. We face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure, including the potential for cyber-attacks or other security incidents that may result in increased costs, reductions in revenue, reputational damage, legal exposure, and business disruptions. Our required compliance with applicable laws and regulations related to privacy, data protection, and data security may increase our costs, reduce our revenue, increase our legal exposure, and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities. We rely on quantitative models and our ability to manage and aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner to assess and manage our various risk exposures, estimate certain financial values, and manage compliance with regulatory capital requirements. Our risk reporting and management depend on the effectiveness of our models and our policies, programs, processes, and practices governing how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected, processed, and analyzed. Any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data aggregation and validation procedures, as well as the quality and integrity of data inputs, formulas, or algorithms, could result in inaccurate forecasts, ineffective risk management practices, or inaccurate risk reporting. We continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and to develop appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan and our recovery plans. Our liquidity framework establishes governing principles that apply to the management of liquidity risk. We use these principles to monitor, measure, and report liquidity risk; to develop funding and investment strategies that enable us to maintain an adequate level of liquidity to support our businesses and satisfy regulatory requirements; and to protect us from a broad range of liquidity events should they arise. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model, which defines the roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for taking and managing risk across the company. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations.