Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. We rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with employees and third parties. As cyberattacks have continued to evolve, we have become subject to new government-imposed security requirements to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware attacks and other known threats to information and operations technology. In response, we must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Our implementation of reasonable security procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities, and infrastructure may result in increased costs. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be completely effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged, or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure, and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties, or intervention. We also have exposure to cybersecurity incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to our data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. Our commitment includes net-zero ambition for operational emissions by 2050 with active advocacy for a price on carbon to address end-use emissions. We have a dedicated low carbon technology organization responsible for identifying and prioritizing global emissions reduction initiatives and opportunities associated with the energy transition, carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS), and hydrogen. Our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the financial principles that underpin our value proposition; balance sheet strength, peer-leading distributions, disciplined investments, and ESG excellence, all of which support strong financial returns. Our financial principles consist of maintaining balance sheet strength, providing peer-leading distributions, making disciplined investments, and delivering ESG excellence, all of which are in service to delivering competitive financial returns. We continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and optimize as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments and disposing of assets that don't compete. Our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to sustain production and provide returns of capital to shareholders. We have a company-wide, comprehensive, SEC-compliant internal policy that governs the determination and reporting of proved reserves. This policy is applied by the geoscientists and reservoir engineers in our business units around the world. As part of our internal control process, each business unit's reserves processes and controls are reviewed annually by an internal team which is independent of business unit line management and is responsible for reporting its findings to senior management. The technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the processes and internal controls used in the preparation of the company's reserves estimates is the manager of reserves compliance and reporting.