Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. We continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, those relating to our recent acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center interruptions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other services, new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. These risks have increased with the growth of our business, including as we integrate the information systems of Alliance Healthcare into our enterprise. A failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. In addition, security incidents may require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our businesses. As a result, cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures, controls, and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the potential inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits resulting from participation in our generics purchasing services arrangement with Walgreens Boots Alliance Development GmbH, including improved generic drug pricing and terms, improved service fees from generic manufacturers, cost savings, innovations, or other benefits due to its inability to negotiate successfully with generic manufacturers or otherwise to perform as expected. The processes needed to achieve and maintain these initiatives and benefits are complex, costly, and time-consuming. We have distributor relationships with group purchasing organizations in multiple distribution segments. If those contracts are extended, renewed, or replaced at less favorable terms, they may also negatively impact our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of or investments in businesses that do not perform as we expect or that are difficult for us to integrate. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties and may be of businesses or in regions in which we lack operational or market experience. The integration of the Alliance Healthcare businesses into the company being more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected could also impact our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation.