The company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The security, stability and availability of the company's and its key third-party vendors' technology systems are critical to its ability to operate safely and effectively and to compete within the transportation industry. A successful data breach, cyber-attack, or the occurrence of any similar incident that impacts the company's or its key third-party vendors' information technology systems could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential or proprietary information, process failure, or other operational difficulties. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, and any resulting theft or compromise of company confidential or proprietary information could adversely affect the company's business or reputation, create significant legal, regulatory or financial exposure and have a material adverse impact on the company's business, financial condition or operations. The company, its third-party vendors and other companies in the rail and transportation industries have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, data breaches, cyber-attacks and other similar incidents. These incidents may include malware, ransomware, distributed denial of service attacks, social engineering, phishing, theft, malfeasance or improper access by employees or third-party vendors, human error, fraud, or other modes of attack or disruption. Attacks of these nature are increasing in frequency, levels of persistence, intensity and sophistication. The company may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance its protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities, data breaches, cyber-attacks or other similar incidents. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic also increases the risk that the company or its third-party vendors may experience cybersecurity incidents as a result of employees, third-party vendors and other third parties with which they interact working remotely on less secure systems and environments. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents are designed to serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. The company expects network fluidity to improve commensurate with ongoing hiring efforts and a return to more normal supply chain conditions. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future. The company intends to fund capital investments through cash generated from operations. The company is committed to maintaining and improving its existing infrastructure and to positioning itself for long-term, profitable growth through optimizing network and terminal capacity. The company has access to a $1.2 billion five-year unsecured revolving credit facility backed by a diverse syndicate of banks that expires in March 2024. The company also has a commercial paper program, backed by the revolving credit facility, under which the company may issue unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion outstanding at any one time.