Cintas relies extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact its ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, consolidated results of operations, and reputation, exposing the company to litigation risk. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, and hurricanes, and usage errors by employees. Although Cintas believes it has adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to its technology and operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, the unpredictability of such disruptions could potentially lead to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in its ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, thereby adversely impacting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. The company has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none have had a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, or if the company is unable to successfully address security incidents, it could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, or potential liability and damage to reputation. Cintas also relies on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems, and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including its SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data, and lease data. If these third-party vendors experience service interruptions or security breaches, the business and consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. The company recognizes that effective internal controls are necessary to provide reliable financial reports, and while it continues to evaluate its internal controls, it cannot guarantee that these measures will ensure the implementation and maintenance of adequate controls over financial processes and reporting in the future. Failure to maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect the ability to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, potentially causing investors to lose confidence in reported financial information. Cintas acknowledges that unexpected events, including natural disasters and viral pandemics, could negatively impact operations and adversely affect consolidated results of operations. The company’s ability to attract and retain competent personnel in key positions is also critical to its success, as competitive pressures may make it more difficult and expensive to maintain a skilled workforce, which could adversely affect business performance.