The company and its vendors have experienced and continue to experience information security incidents. Data governance failures or the failure or disruption of our information technology or infrastructure can adversely affect our reputation, businesses, and prospects. Our information systems are critical to the operation of our businesses. We collect, process, maintain, retain, evaluate, utilize, and distribute large amounts of personal health and financial information and other confidential and sensitive data about our customers, members, and other constituents in the ordinary course of our businesses. The company relies heavily on its computer systems to manage its ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, customer loyalty and subscription programs, finance, and other processes. The company must re-engineer and reduce the number of older, legacy systems to meet changing consumer and vendor preferences and needs, improve productivity, and reduce operating expenses. The company is dedicated to maintaining and updating its systems and processes designed to mitigate information security risks and protect the security of its computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets against unauthorized access and cyber attacks. The impact of cyber attacks has not been material to the company's operations or operating results through December 31, 2021. However, a compromise of our information security controls could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims. The company must regularly reassess the size, capability, and location of its global infrastructure and make appropriate changes, requiring effective change management processes and internal controls to address changes in its businesses and operations. The company is subject to payment-related risks that could increase operating costs, expose it to fraud or theft, and disrupt business operations. The company has transitioned a significant subset of its colleagues to a remote work environment, which may amplify certain risks, including increased demand for information technology resources and increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks. The company believes that its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. The company is expected to benefit from investments in digital, technology, and analytics capabilities that will streamline processes and improve outcomes. The company’s health care benefits segment offers a broad range of traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical management capabilities and health information technology products and services. The company’s operations are affected by the health of the economy in general and in the geographies it serves, including various economic factors such as inflation and changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences, and spending patterns. The company must maintain and improve its relationships with its customers and increase the demand for its products and services. The company’s ability to attract and retain customers and members is dependent upon providing cost-effective, quality customer service operations that meet or exceed customer expectations. The company’s businesses depend on its customers', members', and other constituents' willingness to entrust it with their health-related and other sensitive personal information.