Data security and privacy risks security breaches and other disruptions to john deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with john deere's operations and could compromise the information of john deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing john deere to liability that could cause john deere's business and reputation to suffer. in the ordinary course of business, john deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of john deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. john deere uses information technology systems to record, process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. additionally, john deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of john deere's customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of john deere's customers and employees, in data centers, which are often owned by third parties, and on information technology networks. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to john deere's business operations and strategy. despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program, and business continuity plans, john deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. although john deere has not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, we have from time to time been the target of malicious cyber threat actors. the occurrence of any significant event could compromise john deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to john deere's operations, and damage john deere's reputation, which could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, john deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. john deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection and any inability or perceived inability of john deere to address these requirements could adversely affect our business. the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. john deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, china, canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where john deere conducts business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. the european union general data protection regulation, the california consumer privacy act, and the china personal information protection law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. new privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to the company or company officials, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business.