Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. The pandemic has required us and our third-party vendors to activate certain business continuity programs and make ongoing adjustments to operations. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor, and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. Our digital banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers, and third parties with whom we do business. The risk of these types of threats may be increased to the extent employees work remotely on a more frequent basis than prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our technologies, systems, networks, and software have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, which could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability, or destruction of data, account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, and unavailability of service. We depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business, including software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network, and other technology-related services in connection with our digital banking and payment services businesses. If a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements, or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. The implementation of technology changes, as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems, may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business. We are subject to increasing risk related to information and data security as we increase acceptance of the Discover card internationally, expand our suite of online digital banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. The financial services and payment services industries are rapidly evolving, and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services on a large scale in response to these changes. We expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. Our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants, and financial institution customers.