Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. Our normal business activities involve collecting and storing information specific to our homebuyers, renters, employees, vendors, and suppliers and maintaining operational and financial information related to our business. We provide employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats and routinely utilize information technology security experts to assist us in our evaluations of the effectiveness of the security of our information technology systems. Our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to the COVID-19 pandemic may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital. Our strategy remains consistent and includes initiatives such as improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales, and other key operational activities. We are also focused on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. The competitive conditions in the homebuilding, lot development, and rental housing industries can negatively affect our sales volumes, selling prices, leased occupancy levels, rental rates, and incentive levels, reduce our profit margins, and cause the value of our inventory or other assets to be impaired. Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies. The ability to obtain surety bonds also can be impacted by the willingness of insurance companies to issue performance bonds for construction and development activities. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We have established reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects. Our homebuilding operations utilize a senior unsecured revolving credit facility that provides for the issuance of letters of credit with a sublimit equal to 100% of the revolving credit commitment. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility, and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations.