We rely on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third-parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities (such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers and fulfilling contractual obligations). Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, our information technology systems or data or violation of data privacy laws can adversely affect our business and financial statements. The attacks, breaches, misappropriations and other disruptions and damage described above can interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of our and our customers' intellectual property and trade secrets, result in disclosure of personal data, damage customer, patient, business partner and employee relationships and our reputation and result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy and other laws and increased costs for security and remediation, in each case resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Our information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, evolving customer expectations, changes in the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to data and information systems, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain, enhance and upgrade our systems as necessary to effectively address these requirements. As a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal and/or sensitive data in the course of our business. Significant developments or changes in U.S. laws or policies can have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements. Our businesses are subject to extensive regulation; failure to comply with those regulations could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The global regulatory environment has become increasingly stringent and unpredictable. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain regulatory clearance (such as 510(k) clearance) or approvals for our new products or modifications to (or additional indications or uses of) existing products within our anticipated timeframe or at all, and if we do obtain such clearance or approval it may be time-consuming, costly and subject to restrictions. Our ability to obtain such regulatory clearances or approvals will depend on many factors, for example our ability to obtain the necessary clinical trial results, and the process for obtaining such clearances or approvals could change over time and may require the withdrawal of products from the market until such clearances are obtained. We are also subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, research and development, pricing and sales and marketing practices, the privacy and security of health information as well as manufacturing and quality standards. Our operations, products and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health and safety liabilities, costs and violations that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The manufacture of many of our products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if we directly or indirectly encounter problems manufacturing products, our business and financial statements could suffer. Our ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, including increased demand for products incorporating digital capabilities or more environmentally-friendly products and supplier practices as well as changes in the way healthcare services are delivered.