Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, and maintenance of environmental conditions. Any failure of our physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions. We may be vulnerable to breaches, or unauthorized access to, or disruption of our physical and information technology and operational technology infrastructure and systems. Security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology or operational technology infrastructure, networks, and related management systems and controls could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, and interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations. We have made, and continue to make, investments to update and modernize our information technology systems and expect such investments to continue in order to meet our business needs, including for ongoing improvements for our customer experience. Our information technology systems may require further modification as we grow and as our business needs change, which could prolong difficulties we experience with such transitions and integrations. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. The technology industry generally and specific industries in which certain of our customers operate are characterized by rapidly changing technology, customer requirements, and industry standards. New systems to deliver power to or eliminate heat in data centers or the development of new server technology that does not require the levels of critical load and heat removal that our facilities are designed to provide could make our data center infrastructure obsolete. Our power and cooling systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade, and we may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that we may not be able to pass on to our customers. We depend upon third-party suppliers for power, and we are vulnerable to service failures and price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. We rely on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers, and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Our international activities, including acquisition, ownership, and operation of data centers located outside of the United States, subject us to risks different than those we face in the United States, and we may not be able to effectively manage our international business. We may be unable to identify, including sourcing off-market deal flow, and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide, or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth, and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, which would adversely impact our ability to sustain and grow our business.