Duke Energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support underlying business processes. The company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data. The digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. Duke Energy's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and the ability to effectively serve customers. The company expects customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions and must enhance or replace its information technology systems in response. This involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. Failure to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, could materially adversely affect the business strategy as well as impact the results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of the Duke Energy registrants. Cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude, and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Duke Energy relies on the continued operation of sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. The company faces a heightened risk of cyberattack and has been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations. In the event of a significant cybersecurity breach, the registrants could experience business operations disruption, theft of confidential information, and substantial loss of revenues, repair and restoration costs, penalties, and costs for lack of compliance with relevant regulations. Duke Energy's operations and financial results may be affected by regulatory changes related to the impacts of global climate change, which may require additional capital expenditures and increase operating and maintenance costs. The company is also subject to various federal, state, and local regulations regarding air and water quality, hazardous and solid waste disposal, and other environmental matters. The digital infrastructure and technology capabilities are essential for modernizing the power grid and natural gas infrastructure, which are key components of the growth strategy. The modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters and self-healing technologies, helps ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. The company continues to leverage new technology, digital tools, and data analytics across the business in response to a transforming landscape. Additionally, the company is working towards a net-zero methane emission goal related to its natural gas distribution business, which involves the development of a novel technology platform to measure baseline methane emissions with high accuracy in near real-time. The ability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce is critical for managing and operating the business, especially considering the workforce needs associated with nuclear generation facilities and the new skills required to operate a modernized, technology-enabled power grid.