We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Acquisitions have resulted in further de-centralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. Data security breaches by employees or others with permitted access to our systems pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, we have experienced immaterial cybersecurity attacks and incidents, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks, or breaches in our systems that could cause reputational damage, business disruption, or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets, or sensitive information; or could otherwise adversely affect our business. Certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. A breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data, giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. We are continuing implementation of our ERP system upgrades, which are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. These upgrades involve complex business process design, and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. Our growth depends upon our ability to compete successfully with respect to value, innovation, and customer support. We must also continue to identify, develop, and commercialize innovative, profitable, and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. We have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support, and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. Our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology, and service. We believe that we appropriately reserve for expected credit losses; however, we cannot be certain that loss or delay in the collection of accounts receivable will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions, and breaches in data security. We have taken additional measures and incurred additional expenses to protect the health and safety of our employees to comply with applicable government requirements and safety guidance. Our operations could be materially and adversely affected if for any reason we were unable to attract, retain, or develop such officers or key employees and successfully execute organizational change and management transitions at leadership levels. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political, and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions, and breaches in data security. We depend on key personnel to lead our business; the labor market is very dynamic in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our overall success as a global business depends, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing economic, social, legal, and political conditions. We may not continue to succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we do business, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.