The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to its information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. The company must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and elsewhere. Compliance with privacy and localization laws and regulations increases operational complexity. The company's intellectual property rights are important to its business and include numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and other confidential information. This intellectual property may be subject to challenge, infringement, invalidation or circumvention by third parties. Despite extensive security measures, the company's intellectual property may be subject to misappropriation through unauthorized access of its information technology systems, employee theft, or other acts of industrial espionage. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses. The success of these transactions will depend on the ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with strategic partners. The planned combination of two of the company's industrial software businesses with the business of Aspen Technology, Inc., may not achieve the intended benefits. The company's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. Market growth from the use of cleaner energy sources, as well as emissions management, energy efficiency, lower greenhouse gas refrigerant usage, and decarbonization efforts are likely to depend in part on technologies not yet deployed or widely adopted today. The company's success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of its management and key employees, whose skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect the company's ability to succeed in its human capital goals and priorities as well as negatively impact its business and operating results.