EOG Resources, Inc. relies extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services, and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to process and record financial and operating data, estimate oil and gas reserves, and communicate with employees and vendors. The company’s reliance on technology has increased due to the increased use of personal devices and remote communications in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. EOG has implemented and invested in controls, procedures, and protections designed to protect its systems and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats. However, these measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats. The company faces various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems corrupted or unusable. If such security breaches occur, they could disrupt normal operations, including drilling, completion, production, and corporate functions, which could materially and adversely affect EOG in various ways, including unauthorized access to sensitive information, data corruption, operational disruptions, and increased compliance costs. EOG’s ability to effectively integrate acquired crude oil and natural gas properties into its operations and accurately estimate reserves, production, and costs is critical to its operational efficiency and overall business strategy. The company’s competitive positioning is influenced by its ability to leverage technology capabilities and maintain operational flexibility in a volatile market environment. EOG's operational strategies emphasize maximizing the rate of return on investment by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries, which are supported by its IT capabilities. The firm’s IT capability is essential for transforming its operations into a competitive force, allowing for better resource allocation and strategic decision-making. Furthermore, the evolving landscape of digital technologies and the increasing focus on climate change-related regulations and policies necessitate ongoing investments in technology and innovation to enhance operational efficiency and maintain market agility. EOG's commitment to enhancing its information management capability is evident in its focus on providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, and security, which is crucial for responding to changing business needs and directions. The company recognizes that its IT capabilities must evolve to encompass the coordination of its assets and internal processes, as well as interfirm transactions and relationships, to achieve its organizational goals and enhance overall performance.