We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been investing heavily in our back-office information technology systems and processes for a number of years and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our pursuit of global, scalable solutions across all geographies and functions that we operate in. These continuing investments include ongoing improvements to the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process, integration of recently-acquired operations onto our various information technology systems, and implementation of new tools and technologies to either further streamline and automate processes or to support our compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP. Our finance team is also working on a multi-year project to move the backbone of our finance systems to the cloud. As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction, and significant business disruptions. We may need to expend significant attention, time, and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. We continue to face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks, or other malicious activities. These threats may result from human error, equipment failure, fraud, or malice on the part of employees, vendors, or third parties. Our adaptation to a hybrid working model that includes both work from home and in an office could continue to expose us to new security risks. We provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security; such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security. Any breaches that may occur in the future could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation, and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations. We offer professional services to our customers where we consult on data center solutions and assist with implementations. We also offer managed services in certain of our foreign jurisdictions outside of the U.S. where we manage the data center infrastructure for our customers. The access to our clients' networks and data, which is gained from these services, creates some risk that our clients' networks or data will be improperly accessed. If we were held responsible for any such breach, it could result in a significant loss to us, including damage to our client relationships, harm to our brand and reputation, and legal liability. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX offices remain operational at all times. We rely on materials, products, and manufacturing from regions of the world which are impacted by the pandemic and supply chain disruptions. We continue to monitor the available capacity in each of our selected markets. To the extent we have limited capacity available in a given market, it may limit our ability for growth in that market.