Our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. We rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. Our technology infrastructure is critical to our operations, and any significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business, or results of operations. We are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals, and malicious employees or other insiders of FedEx or third-party service providers. The technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition. We depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. Such third parties may host, process, or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees, and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss, and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur higher costs required to meet anticipated demand, including higher labor costs as a result of challenging labor markets. Our capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be approximately $7.2 billion, which will include strategic investments to increase capacity to support elevated volume levels, aircraft modernization at FedEx Express, and investments in productivity and safety. We will continue optimizing our FedEx Ground seven-day-per-week residential delivery network capacity to meet evolving customer needs in 2022. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy, such as investments in aircraft fleet modernization, strategic investments to increase capacity and improve productivity and safety, and the FedEx Express Indianapolis and Memphis hub modernization and expansion programs. Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity, and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions, form joint ventures or strategic alliances, and realize the expected benefits from these transactions. We expect to incur additional costs, over multiple years, including transformation costs and capital investments related to these actions.