Investment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers. We maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems; we conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions, or the safeguards put in place by our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and other parties on which we rely, will be sufficient to detect, prevent and mitigate cybersecurity breaches or disruptions, or the unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data. Our technologies segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 in 2021. We received a contract to provide IT and technical support services to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) under the Solutions for the Information Technology Enterprise (SITE) III program. The program has a maximum potential value of $12.6 billion among multiple awardees. The technologies segment's operating margin increased 60 basis points compared with 2020 due to favorable contract mix and reduced COVID-related impacts in our IT services business. We expect the technologies segment's 2022 revenue to be between $12.8 and $13 billion with an operating margin of around 10%. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. We depend on these subcontractors and suppliers to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. Our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. The change in the technologies segment's revenue in 2021 consisted of increased IT services revenue due to the ramp-up of several new programs and higher volume on existing programs due to the reopening of, and increased access to, customer sites following limitations imposed in 2020 due to the pandemic. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our proprietary or classified information. We also design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own internal systems.