The automotive industry will continue to experience significant change, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers shift resources to the development of electric vehicles (EVs). Our vehicles and connected services increasingly rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is costly and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a highly competitive industry characterized by market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. The production and profitable sale of EVs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs, particularly with respect to batteries; and develop new software and services. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles (AVs) on our targeted timeline, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. Our ability to successfully deliver on our EV strategy could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, changing consumer preferences, and other risks related to our transition to EVs. We rely upon information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. Security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems could interfere with our operations and compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. The secure operation of these systems is critical to our business operations and strategy. We face the risk of operational disruption, failure, termination, or capacity constraints of any of the third parties that facilitate our business activities, including vendors, service providers, and suppliers. Our information technology systems and networked products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity, and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them. Our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of personal identifiable information, are subject to increasingly complex and restrictive regulations in all key market regions. Compliance with these laws and regulations will be high and is likely to increase in the future, imposing burdensome obligations on companies to quickly respond to consumer requests.