Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the need to continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers, and other partners to remain competitive. The business environment is rapidly evolving, and we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliver innovative, relevant, and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. We continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, to enhance our technology and existing products and services. Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies reflects our efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent, particularly to support and scale our salesforce. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from various threats, including natural disasters, power loss, and cyber attacks. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system designed to accurately maintain financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, and improve data management. Failure to successfully design and implement the ERP system as planned could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our products and services involve the storage, handling, and transmission of proprietary and other sensitive information, and software bugs, theft, misuse, and security breaches expose us to risks of loss or improper use and disclosure of such information. We are making significant investments in safety, security, and review efforts to combat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties. Our ability to compete effectively and our future success depend on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. We face intense competition, and our current and potential competitors range from large established companies to emerging start-ups. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. The introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies has subjected us to additional laws and regulations, and we expect to continue to face increased regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in regulatory conditions. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brands as well as affect our ability to compete. We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters, and changes in these laws may limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions.