Grainger continues to invest in developing, managing, and implementing technology information systems, software development, and other capabilities to provide high-quality service to its customers and simplify customer interactions. The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business, and the company relies on the information technology (IT) systems of third parties to assist in conducting its business. Grainger's IT infrastructure includes products and services provided by suppliers, vendors, and other third parties, which can experience breaches that impact the security of systems and proprietary or confidential information. Grainger's ability to operate its e-commerce platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store employee or customer data could be adversely affected if critical information systems fail or become unavailable. Grainger's investments in technology and innovations may result in unexpected costs and disruptions to operations, and the company may experience vulnerabilities to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security. The company maintains information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to its information security systems and conducts annual employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers, and employees. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and the company faces risks from unauthorized access, computer hackers, computer viruses, and other security problems. Grainger has experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, which it deemed immaterial to its business and operations individually and in the aggregate, but there can be no assurance that future incidents will not be material. The implementation of new systems and IT could adversely impact its operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time, and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. Grainger's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. The company must attract, retain, train, motivate, and develop key employees, including those in managerial, technical, sales, marketing, and IT support positions, to remain competitive. Grainger's continued strategic priority is to expand its leadership position in the MRO space by being the go-to partner for people who build and run safe, sustainable, and productive operations. The company is focused on continuously improving customer experience, optimizing and scaling cost structures, and investing in digital marketing, technology, and supply chain infrastructure to deliver long-term returns for shareholders. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, and the company must be willing and able to respond to market pressures, including technological advancements and the increased use of e-commerce solutions within the industry. The company's strategic priorities continue to be affected by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused significant disruptions in the U.S. and global markets, impacting supply chains, transportation efficiency, raw materials, and labor availability.