Our management is focused on mitigating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of time and resources across our enterprise, and which may affect management focus and impact our ability to properly prioritize and successfully execute on the company's other strategic initiatives. We have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use electronic health records (EHR) and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care and to protect our systems, software, equipment, devices, and data from cybersecurity risks. The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations, and failure to adequately manage implementations of new technology, updates, or enhancements of such platforms or interfaces between platforms could place us at a competitive disadvantage, disrupt our operations, and have a material, adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. We believe these initiatives will continue to improve patient care, help us achieve cost efficiencies, and favorably position us in an environment where our constituents are increasingly focused on quality, efficacy, and efficiency. Our ability to attract and retain physicians by providing high-quality, convenient facilities with advanced technology is a critical component of our growth strategy. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. The secure maintenance of information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. We embed security measures into software and system development processes, utilize current security technologies, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities, and advanced new attacks against information systems and devices against us or our vendors and other third parties create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware, and phishing incidents. The volume and intensity of cyberattacks on hospitals and health systems continues to increase. We are regularly the target of attempted cybersecurity and other threats that could have a security impact, including those by third parties to access, misappropriate, or manipulate our information or disrupt our operations, and we expect to continue to experience an increase in cybersecurity threats in the future. Our audit and compliance committee includes the topic of cybersecurity risk and information security as one of its standing agenda items and is frequently updated on management's ongoing actions to monitor, identify, assess, and mitigate significant cybersecurity matters. The emergence and effects related to a potential future pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our operations. We have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak, as well as the public's and the government's response to the pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak, is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations.