Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our strategic investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. We must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process by improving the online customer experience as well as our delivery options. The coordinated operation of our network of physical stores, distribution facilities, and online platforms is fundamental to the success of our interconnected strategy. We continue to invest in our interconnected retail strategy, including by making significant investments to expand our supply chain. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. Executing our interconnected retail strategy requires continual investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems, and support. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems could impair their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to and have experienced damage or interruption from various causes, including power outages, computer failures, security breaches, and cyber-attacks. We have implemented and regularly review and update systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss and preserve data integrity. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a digital and interconnected experience. Disruptions, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers and, as a result, our financial performance and results of operations. We face an increased risk due to the potential failure of internal or external information technology infrastructure as well as increased cybersecurity threats and attempts to breach our security networks. Our ability to collect and use relevant customer data is important to effectively meet customer expectations, but this ability is subject to external factors, including legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. Our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat of evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks, and unauthorized parties have attempted to gain access to these systems and data. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems are constantly changing and evolving, increasing in frequency and sophistication, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time.