Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to the information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events could interfere with operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact reputation. The company seeks to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on the business may cause the company to divert or delay the application of resources toward new initiatives or investments, which may adversely impact future results of operations. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Honeywell's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company has experienced, and expects to continue to experience, cybersecurity threats and incidents that can disrupt business operations, result in the loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact reputation and results of operations. The company’s future growth is largely dependent upon its ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. The company must identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and enhance products by adding innovative features that differentiate them from those of competitors. The company also recognizes that operational risks, including the ability of key suppliers to meet quality and delivery requirements, can increase the cost of products and services, impact the ability to meet commitments to customers, and cause significant liabilities. The company’s ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand.