Howmet's information technology systems could be subject to damage or interruption from power outages; computer network and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism; and usage errors by employees. Information technology system failures, cyberattacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Howmet's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences having a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Increased global cybersecurity vulnerabilities, threats, and more sophisticated and targeted cyberattacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers', suppliers', and third-party service providers' products, systems, and networks, and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. The company believes that it faces threats of cyberattacks due to the industries it serves, the locations of its operations, and its technological innovations. The company has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. Although past attacks have not resulted in known losses of any critical data or had a material impact on Howmet's financial condition or results of operations, the scope and impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. While the company continually works to safeguard its systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use the company's systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, block access to its systems, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Howmet's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Howmet's competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the company's ability to develop and innovate products, deploy technology initiatives, and implement advanced manufacturing technologies. Howmet's management has also continued its intensified focus on capital efficiency. Management's focus and the related results enabled Howmet to end 2021 with a solid financial position. The company expects higher metal costs to also contribute to increased sales in 2022. The company has aligned its operations consistent with how the chief executive officer assesses operating performance and allocates capital, which remain unchanged since the Arconic Inc. separation transaction. Howmet's business depends, in part, on its ability to successfully meet increased program demand, production targets, and commitments. Howmet is currently under contract to supply components for a number of new and existing commercial, general aviation, military aircraft, and aircraft engine programs. Many of these contracts contemplate production increases over the next several years. If Howmet fails to meet production targets and commitments, or encounters difficulty or unexpected costs in meeting such levels, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, operating results, or financial condition. The company has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2026 and 2031, respectively. Howmet's results of operations may be negatively affected by the amount of expense Howmet records for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans, by reductions in the fair value of plan assets, and by other factors.