IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, quantum and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility or is unable to attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances and dispositions. Such transactions present significant challenges and risks, and there can be no assurances that the company will manage such transactions successfully or that strategic opportunities will be available to the company on acceptable terms or at all. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company's business employs a wide variety of components (hardware and software), supplies, services and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect and correct errors, malfunctions and other defects in its products and services. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. Cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the company's business, including risks originating from intentional acts of criminal hackers, hacktivists, nation states and competitors. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. The company's products, services, systems and networks, including cloud-based systems and systems and technologies that the company maintains on behalf of its customers, are used in critical company, customer or third-party operations, and involve the storage, processing and transmission of sensitive data. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws, regulations and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs. The company's results of operations and financial condition could be negatively impacted by its U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans, and adverse financial market conditions and volatility in the credit markets may have an unfavorable impact on the value of the company's pension trust assets and its future estimated pension liabilities.