We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations and government entities. Our business is conducted through three reportable business segments: our exchanges segment, our fixed income and data services segment, and our mortgage technology segment. The majority of our identifiable assets are located in the U.S. and U.K. In our exchanges segment, we operate regulated marketplaces for the listing, trading and clearing of a broad array of derivatives contracts and financial securities. In our fixed income and data services segment, we provide fixed income pricing, reference data, indices, analytics and execution services as well as global CDS clearing and multi-asset class data delivery solutions. In our mortgage technology segment, we provide an end-to-end technology platform that offers customers comprehensive, digital workflow tools that aim to address the inefficiencies that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. The ICE mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between our customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers, as well as lenders and investors that are critical to consummating the millions of loan transactions that occur on our origination network each year. Revenues from our mortgage technology business increased significantly following our acquisition of Ellie Mae, which expanded our ICE mortgage technology portfolio. The integration of technology solutions is essential for enhancing operational efficiency, supporting business needs, and leveraging strategic resources to maintain a competitive advantage. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our technology and communication expenses consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations and other investments. Our capital expenditures primarily relate to hardware and software purchases to continue the development and expansion of our electronic platforms, data services and clearing houses. We capitalize costs related to software we develop or obtain for internal use, which includes both internal and external direct and incremental costs. Our investment decisions are influenced by the need for operational flexibility and the ability to respond to market dynamics. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt, but we may also need to incur additional debt or issue additional equity securities in the future. The future funding of the implementation and operation of the Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT) is ultimately expected to be provided by both the self-regulatory organizations (SROs) and broker-dealers. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.