Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are committed to advancing PC experiences by delivering an annual cadence of leadership products and deepening our relationships with industry partners to co-engineer and deliver leading platform innovation. Our role as a technology leader is more important than ever, and our commitment to creating an open ecosystem is critical to delivering on our ambition. The breadth of a robust ecosystem like Windows/x86 is an incredibly powerful combination, bringing together hundreds of companies and creative and innovative advancements that are not possible for one company alone to deliver. We launched our 12th gen Intel Core desktop processors based on our first performance hybrid architecture, which combines two all-new core microarchitectures instead of one and can scale across PC segments and out to the edge. Our product offerings provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from edge computing to 5G networks, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of Industry 4.0 and, together with our ecosystem partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology with operational technology while bringing AI and analytics to operations. This enables customers to make informed decisions that lower maintenance costs, create new service opportunities, and increase productivity. Our technology innovations give researchers powerful tools to make breakthrough discoveries and solve some of the world's largest healthcare and life science challenges in lab and research environments. We are committed to our customers' success by delivering a portfolio of high-quality products, performance, and experiences to solve the world's most challenging problems. The evolution of the networks is creating unlimited scale and giving rise to the intelligent edge. We are uniquely positioned to enable the world to unleash the potential of data, unlocking value for people, business, and society on a global scale. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoT group and Mobileye businesses. We continue to work with our ecosystem partners to expand the portfolio of Intel® MRS and Intel® IoT RFP ready kit products—scalable, end-to-end solutions that provide solid business results today and lay the foundation for the future. We are also leading Intel as we embark on our new IDM 2.0 strategy to develop more competitive products and more capabilities for customers.