Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, including competition from existing companies with large established consumer user-bases and broad-based platforms. Our future growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends, which requires us to devote significant resources to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies. The manner in which we respond to future developments, as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments, may affect our future operating results. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. As we continue to offer more online services, the ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. Our business operations, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various risks, including cyberattacks, which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. We are increasingly incorporating open source software into our products, which may introduce vulnerabilities that make us susceptible to cyberattacks. The security measures we implement may not be able to prevent unauthorized access to our products and our customers' account data. Our continuing efforts to upgrade and expand our network security and other information systems are costly, and problems with the design or implementation of system enhancements may harm our business and our results of operations. We rely on our network infrastructure, data hosting, public cloud, and software-as-a-service providers for many of our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. Our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods, which typically occur from January until April of each year. Any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service during these peak periods could result in significantly decreased revenue and harm our financial condition. We have invested significant resources to develop products and services for users of mobile devices, but the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We are also subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business, which could harm our business and future financial results. Our strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with competitive pressures on our product offerings and business models. The acquisition of Credit Karma involved significant risks and uncertainties, including the inability to successfully integrate the acquired technology and operations into our business. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud. The complexity of our products and the condensed development cycles under which we operate may lead to errors that could interfere with the operation of the software or result in incorrect calculations.