The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks, or network security breaches, or if there is a violation of data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past, which involve risks and operational challenges, including the acquired business' inability to adapt to the ITW business model or otherwise perform in accordance with the company's anticipated results or timetable. The company has sought to implement a differentiated strategy to manage through the pandemic, including a focus on thoughtful cost management and continued investment in areas of strategic importance in order to maintain optionality and fully participate in the recovery phase. The strategic sourcing initiative established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability at ITW, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year from 2013 through 2021 and continues to be a key contributor to the company's ongoing enterprise strategy. The powerful and highly differentiated ITW business model is the company's core source of value creation and defines how ITW creates value for its shareholders. The company undertook a complete review of its performance, focusing on its businesses delivering consistent above-market growth with best-in-class margins and returns, and developing a strategy to replicate that performance across its operations. The company has made considerable progress to position itself to reach full potential, with the ITW business model and unique set of capabilities being a source of strong and enduring competitive advantage. The company continues to focus on delivering strong results in any environment while executing its long-term strategy to achieve and sustain ITW's full potential performance. The company has implemented numerous actions to focus on the needs of its colleagues and customers, such as redesigning production processes and adjusting shift schedules. The company has also adapted customer service systems and practices to seamlessly serve its customers under "work from home" requirements in many parts of the world. The company expects these efforts to contribute meaningfully to accelerate its progress toward full-potential organic growth. The company believes that these sources are sufficient to service debt and to finance the company's capital allocation priorities, which include internal investments to support organic growth and sustain core businesses. The company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results. The company has significant investments in technology resources and capabilities, which are critical for maintaining operational efficiency and enhancing business processes. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The company’s decentralized, entrepreneurial culture enables ITW businesses to be fast, focused, and responsive, allowing them to customize their approach to best serve their specific customers' needs.