The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. The company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that its businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross-border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact its business operations and research activities. The company seeks to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to its business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict, and many are outside of the company's control and cannot therefore be eliminated. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and pricing. The company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons, including regulatory action, production quality deviations, labor disputes, and natural disasters. The company continues to monitor the situation regarding the COVID-19 pandemic and has robust business continuity plans in place across its global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of COVID-19. The company has invested significantly in research and development, reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships. The development of successful products and technologies is necessary to offset revenue losses when the company's existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. The company is committed to bringing its full breadth and depth to ensure health for people today and for future generations, leveraging extensive resources across the enterprise to innovate and execute with excellence. The company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures, including healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, and reimbursement of healthcare products. The company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines, and reputational damage, and it is involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, and other matters. The company assesses changes in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of its property, plant, and equipment, goodwill, and intangible assets.