JPMorgan Chase's businesses are dependent on the effectiveness of its operational systems and those of other market participants. The effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase's operational systems depends on the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated, or corrupted data can significantly compromise the functionality or reliability of a particular system and other systems to which it transmits or from which it receives information. The firm relies on its ability to access and use the operational systems of its vendors, custodians, and other market participants, including clearing and payment systems, central counterparties, securities exchanges, and data processing, security, and technology companies. A successful cyber attack affecting JPMorgan Chase could cause significant harm to the firm and its clients and customers. The firm experiences numerous attempted cyber attacks on its computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets daily from various actors. These cyber attacks can take many forms, including attempts to introduce computer viruses or malicious code into JPMorgan Chase's systems. The risk of a security breach due to a cyber attack could increase in the future due to the ongoing expansion of mobile banking and other internet-based product offerings and the increased use of remote access and third-party video conferencing solutions. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase's operations rely on its ability, and the ability of key external parties, to maintain appropriately staffed workforces, and on the competence, trustworthiness, health, and safety of employees. The firm’s operational costs and customer satisfaction could be adversely affected by the failure of an external operational system. External operational systems with which JPMorgan Chase is connected can be sources of operational risk to the firm. If an external party obtains access to customer account data on JPMorgan Chase's systems, and that party experiences a cyber breach of its own systems or misappropriates that data, this could result in heightened risk that external parties will be able to execute fraudulent transactions using JPMorgan Chase's systems. The firm's businesses could be materially and adversely affected by the ineffective implementation of business decisions or any failure to institute controls that appropriately address risks associated with business activities. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk to the firm. Any inadequacy or lapse in the firm's risk management framework, governance structure, practices, models, or reporting systems could expose it to unexpected losses, and its financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The firm relies on data to assess its various risk exposures, and any deficiencies in the quality or effectiveness of JPMorgan Chase's data gathering, analysis, and validation processes could result in ineffective risk management practices. JPMorgan Chase's operational systems are critical for processing, recording, monitoring, and reporting a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly, and securely. The firm must ensure that any changes introduced to its systems are managed carefully to ensure security and operational continuity and adhere to all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The ineffectiveness, failure, or other disruption of operational systems upon which JPMorgan Chase depends could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for the firm and its clients and customers.