We are exposed to cybersecurity incidents that could result in the loss of valuable information or assets or subject us to costly disruption, remediation, regulatory investigations, litigation, and reputational damage. We may face disruptions if we cannot access critical information in a timely manner due to system failures. Our global operations are dependent upon certain information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, our corporate intranet, network communications, email, and various computer hardware and software applications. System failures or malfunctions could disrupt our operations and our ability to timely and accurately process and report key components of our financial results. Our enterprise resource planning system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, provide critical information to our management, and prepare our financial statements. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems could adversely affect our ability to complete important business processes, such as the evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting. We depend on secure information technology for our business and are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity threats and cyber incidents affecting our and our service providers' systems and networks. Despite network security measures, our and our third-party providers' information systems and networks are susceptible to computer viruses, ransomware, cyber-related security breaches, and similar disruptions from unauthorized intrusions, tampering, misuse, or criminal acts. Our security measures may also be breached due to employee errors, malfeasance, or otherwise. We rely upon certain critical information systems for our daily business operations. Our inability to use or access our information systems at critical points in time could unfavorably impact our business operations. We have experienced cyber-related attacks in the past and are likely to experience cyber-related attacks in the future. We carry insurance that provides limited protection against the potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident, but it will not likely cover all such losses, and the losses that it does not cover may be significant. We outsource a number of services to third-party service providers, which decreases our control over the performance of these functions. Disruptions or delays at our third-party service providers could adversely impact our operations. We outsource a number of services, including our transportation, information systems management, and logistics management of spare parts and certain accounting and procurement functions, to domestic and overseas third-party service providers. While outsourcing arrangements may lower our cost of operations, they also reduce our direct control over the services rendered. It is uncertain what effect such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products delivered or services rendered, on our ability to quickly respond to changing market conditions, or on our ability to ensure compliance with all applicable domestic and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of these outsourced service providers employ cloud computing technology for data storage. If we do not effectively develop and manage our outsourcing strategies, if required export and other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if our third-party service providers do not perform as anticipated, or do not adequately protect our data from cyber-related security breaches, we may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing or service interruptions or delays, loss of intellectual property rights or other sensitive data, quality and compliance issues, and challenges in managing our product inventory or recording and reporting financial and management information, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.