Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. We have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our IT, operational technology (OT), and data systems from attacks; however, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be effective. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through an act of terrorism or cyber sabotage event has increased as attempted attacks have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, which may result from problems such as ransomware, malware, computer viruses, hacking attempts, or third-party error or malfeasance, could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Furthermore, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures, to comply with regulations, and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. The U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or cyber sabotage events. The occurrence of an attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond, or other financial loss, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. Our business is also dependent on the supply of and demand for the products that we handle, and our pipelines, terminals, and other assets and facilities depend in part on continued production of natural gas, crude oil, and other products in the geographic areas that they serve. The sustainability of the economic recovery observed in 2021 remains unclear as inflationary pressures have increased in the U.S. and globally, and efforts to combat the virus have been complicated by new variants. Our ability to service our consolidated debt, and our ability to meet our consolidated leverage targets, will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Competition is a factor affecting our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation, or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle.