The company relies on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and the business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or cybersecurity incidents. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations, user errors, malicious or disruptive software, cyberattacks, geopolitical events, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. The company continues to make investments in personnel, technologies, and training to address risks to its information systems. Data protection laws and regulations require reasonable technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws are often uncertain and evolving. The company maintains an information risk management program supervised by information technology management, with reports on emerging risks regularly presented to senior management and the audit committee. The digital evolution is affecting how the company interacts with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, and other business partners, and the company believes its future success will depend on its ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. One of the company's top priorities is to digitize operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics, and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. If the company is not successful in its efforts to digitize, its ability to increase sales and reduce costs may be negatively affected. The company also relies on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, for certain functions or for services in support of key portions of its operations. These third-party service providers are subject to similar risks related to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures. The company’s ability to maintain good relationships with key retail and foodservice customers depends in part on its ability to grow its business in emerging and developing markets, which relies on local availability of talented management and employees to establish and manage operations. The company faces challenges in attracting and retaining a highly skilled and diverse workforce, particularly employees with e-commerce, social media, digital marketing, and analytics capabilities. The rapid growth of e-commerce and digital channels presents new challenges to maintain the competitiveness and relevancy of the company’s brands. The company is committed to strengthening its capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain consumer interest, brand loyalty, and market share. The company has established specific goals related to environmental, social, and governance matters, which are dependent on the actions of various stakeholders outside of its control. The company recognizes that achieving its ESG goals is critical to its reputation and ability to sell products, and it is focused on developing and implementing solutions related to these important challenges.