The operating environment for the food retailing industry continues to be characterized by intense competition and the entry of non-traditional competitors. We must anticipate and meet evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software, and processes to fulfill customer orders conveniently and cost-effectively. Our ecosystem monetizes the traffic and data insights generated by our retail supermarket business to create fast-growing, asset-light, and margin-rich revenue streams. We are continuing to enhance the customer connection with investments in our four competitive moats—seamless, personalization, fresh, and our brands—designed to better serve our customers and generate customer loyalty. Digital retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with new developments by our competitors as well as the evolving needs and preferences of our customers. Our digital business has accelerated significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic, including pickup, delivery, and ship options. We must compete by offering a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us, investing in relevant customer-facing apps and interfaces that are reliable and easy to use. Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption, and we regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. Cyber-attackers have targeted and accessed information stored in our systems, and we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks. Our cybersecurity program and continued investment in our information technology systems may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks, data breaches, or disruptions to our business operations. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business, as our operations depend on customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure of our uses of their information or failures to keep our information technology systems secure, could expose us to investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, and material fines. Our business is increasingly dependent on complex information technology systems that are vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. We are evolving from a traditional food retailer into a more diverse, food-first business that leverages data generated by our retail operations to create personalized experiences and value for our customers. Our 20 years of investment in data science capabilities is allowing us to leverage this data to enable fast-growing, high operating margin alternative profits. Our retail media business provides best-in-class media capabilities for our consumer packaged goods partners and is a key driver of our digital profitability. We continue to invest in areas of the business that matter most to our customers and deepen our competitive moats to drive sustainable sales growth. Our technology investments are expected to drive digital sales growth and improve operating efficiency by removing cost and waste from our business. We are committed to maintaining our current investment-grade debt rating and our net total debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio target range, ensuring operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions.