Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style, and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands has required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors have had to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or services could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by cyber-attacks, could negatively affect our customers' perceptions of Lowe's as a reliable online vendor. Cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information could materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such risks. We collect, process, transmit, store, and delete certain personal information about our customers, employees, and vendors, and we are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties will attempt to gain access to our systems or our information through fraud or other means. Our information security may also be compromised because of human errors or system errors. In the event that our systems are breached or damaged, we may suffer loss or unavailability of data and interruptions to our business operations. Our business and operations are subject to risks related to the long-term effects of global climate change, which may impact our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on successful implementation and maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. The inability to effectively manage and maintain our relationships with selected suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. We rely upon many independent service providers for technology solutions and other services that are important to many aspects of our business. The inability to effectively manage these vendors could adversely affect our business. Our strategic transactions involve risks, including our ability to integrate IT and other systems successfully. Our access to capital markets depends on our strong credit ratings and the overall condition of debt capital markets, which could impact our ability to fund working capital needs. The market for skilled professionals, including technology professionals, is increasingly competitive, and our results could be adversely affected if we fail to attract, retain, and manage the talent necessary to implement our strategic initiatives.