The company is implementing a comprehensive, multi-year finance and technology transformation initiative to migrate its general ledger, financial close, and consolidation processes onto new financial systems, aimed at increasing efficiency and modernizing the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. This initiative is not in response to any identified deficiency or weakness in the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company assesses the design and effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, which includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions of assets, ensuring that transactions are recorded to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company has also focused on enhancing its information management capability, which involves providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailored in response to changing business needs and directions. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company recognizes that its IT capabilities have evolved to encompass the coordination of its assets and internal processes, as well as interfirm transactions and relationships, which are essential for transforming the firm into a competitive force. The management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting indicates that the company believes its internal controls are effective, and the independent registered public accounting firm has audited these controls. The company continues to monitor and modify the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with new business processes and capabilities of the new financial systems. The firm’s strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are informed by its IT governance framework, which supports operational flexibility and enhances its capacity to respond to market dynamics. The company’s focus on digital technologies and innovation partnerships is integral to its business strategies, allowing it to leverage its IT resources for improved performance and competitive advantage. The company’s management emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to create business value and enhance organizational effectiveness. The firm’s ability to manage its technology portfolio effectively contributes to its operational efficiency and supports its strategic management practices, ensuring alignment with its organizational goals and market-based performance objectives.