Our business strategy includes investing to build an integrated oncology service business and expand our biopharma services business, which depends on acquiring, developing, and implementing new technologies and capabilities. We utilize sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as obtaining, rapidly processing, analyzing, and managing data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. We provide remote services that involve hosting customer data and operating software on our own or third-party systems, which are vulnerable to interruption or damage from sources beyond our control. Our prescription technology solutions segment combines automation and our ability to navigate the healthcare ecosystem to connect pharmacies, providers, payers, and biopharma companies to address patients' medication access, adherence, and affordability challenges. Our organizational structure includes corporate functions that consist of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects, and the results of certain investments, which are evaluated on measures including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. We have implemented restructuring initiatives that drive transformational changes in technologies and business processes, operational efficiencies, and cost savings. Our reliance on technology and systems to perform business operations includes the secure electronic transmission, processing, storage, and hosting of sensitive information, which is subject to cybersecurity incidents that might significantly compromise our technology systems or result in material data breaches. We are subject to extensive and frequently changing laws relating to healthcare fraud, waste, and abuse, which complicate our operations and increase our compliance burden. Our ability to grow our businesses is influenced by hiring and retaining talented individuals with necessary knowledge and skills, as well as forming and expanding business relationships. We face significant risks related to the distribution of controlled substances, including opioid-related litigation, which may adversely impact our business operations and financial position. Our strategic decisions are affected by market dynamics, including competition from various service providers and pharmaceutical manufacturers, which may lead to erosion in our profit margin. We have experienced significant problems with information systems or networks, which could disrupt our business operations and result in increased expenses. Our participation in government-sponsored vaccination programs exposes us to various uncertainties, including regulatory compliance and government oversight. Our IT capabilities are essential for transforming our firm into a competitive force, and we continuously seek to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities to enhance business strategies and work processes. The evolving nature of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of leveraging the value of technology resources to support and enhance our business needs.