Moody's operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state, and local authorities in the U.S., including the reform act and the Dodd-Frank act. These regulations are complex, continually evolving, and have tended to become more stringent over time. The company's compliance and efforts to mitigate the risk of fines, penalties, or other sanctions can result in significant expenses. Moody's ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-corruption, antitrust, and securities trading laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review, and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. The company is exposed to risks related to its compliance and risk management programs, which may not be fully effective, and Moody's employees or agents may engage in misconduct, fraud, or other errors. The company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees in the company's computer systems and networks. Unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause customers to lose faith in Moody's ability to protect their confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with the company. The company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security measures to protect its systems and data, including employee training, disaster plans, and technical defenses. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. Moody's relies on third-party providers, including cloud-based service providers, to provide certain essential services. The company believes that such providers are reliable, but it has limited control over their performance. If any of the company's third-party providers cease to provide these services efficiently or fail to adequately expand their services to meet the company's needs, the company could experience lower revenues and higher costs. The company's ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses, including its electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet. Many of the company's products and services are delivered electronically, and the company's customers depend on its ability to receive, store, process, transmit, and otherwise rapidly handle substantial quantities of data and transactions on computer-based networks. Any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach, interruption, or significant slowdown of operations of the company's infrastructure may impair its ability to deliver its products and services. Furthermore, the company is exposed to risks from infrastructure malfunctions or failures, which could have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. The company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers, and competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services. The introduction of competing products, technologies, or services by other companies can negatively impact the nature and economics of the company's business. The ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products, technologies, and services that anticipate customers' and investors' changing requirements is a key factor in maintaining market share.