We use information technology and third-party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations such as manufacturing and distribution; communicating with our suppliers, customers, and employees; maintaining effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; executing mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal, and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing number of services important to conducting our business, including accounting, internal control, human resources, and computing functions. Our use of new and emerging technologies such as cloud-based services and mobile applications continues to evolve, presenting new and additional risks in managing access to our data, relying on third parties to manage and safeguard data, ensuring access to our systems and availability of third-party systems. Cybersecurity breaches of our or third-party systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks, or other cyberattacks such as hacking, phishing attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, or malware, employee or insider error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches, or other actions may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, such as advanced email protection to reduce the likelihood of credential thefts and electronic fraud attempts. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on the updated threat. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. We are subject to risks from unanticipated business disruptions. We manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. We utilize an interdependent supply chain - a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned and leased manufacturing locations, external manufacturing partners, distribution networks, shared service delivery centers, and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, water and energy availability, supply and commodity shortages, terrorism, political unrest, cybersecurity incidents, labor shortages, strikes, operational and/or financial instability of our key suppliers and other vendors or service providers, government shutdowns or health pandemics such as COVID-19, including any potential impact of climate change on these factors, could damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, their suppliers, our external manufacturing partners, distributors, or other business partners. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including among others Brazil, China, India, Mexico, Russia, Argentina, Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Southeast Asia. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions.