The company's business operations rely on functioning and secure information systems and those of its vendors. Technological changes present new or intensified challenges, and if the company is unable to foresee or adapt to these changes, its business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. The assumptions, models, and reserves may need to be modified if the company is unable to accurately, timely, or completely process the increased volume and variety of information relating to its businesses. The company's risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect it from every risk to which it is exposed. The business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of its information systems, and those of its service providers, vendors, and other third parties. A failure in the security of such systems or a failure to maintain the security of such systems may adversely affect the ability to conduct business, result in regulatory enforcement action, and harm results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. The company is continuously evaluating and enhancing its cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. The company may face operational risks due to the reliance on interconnected information systems and the security of such systems. The management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives is critical, as the company uses derivatives as an integral part of its management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure its free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. The liquidity management process includes monitoring and adjusting the asset mix and asset maturities based on a rolling 12-month forecast. The company maintains a substantial short-term liquidity position, which includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The capital management process involves reviewing actual and projected capital levels under various scenarios, including stress scenarios, and is overseen by senior management committees. The company's ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from major credit rating agencies. The company believes it has access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. The operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential for adapting to changing market conditions and ensuring the effectiveness of its technology infrastructure. The company is committed to enhancing its information management capability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, which are crucial for supporting business strategies and work processes.