We could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently, and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, resulting in potential data loss or other damage to information technology systems. Our systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities, and we are at risk that cyberattackers exploit these known vulnerabilities before they have been communicated by vendors or addressed. We have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients. We also use hundreds of IT vendors and software providers to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems. If we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. The competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, the sophistication and quality of our services, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. The threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies and insurtech start-up companies. Our consulting segment is subject to particular risks, including operational and technology risks, which could result in significant damage to our business. The evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. The profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.