The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system as part of business transformation on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company or its customers, suppliers, and employees, exposing the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, the company relies on centralized and local information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided, hosted or managed by vendors and other third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of businesses. Additionally, the company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and has access to confidential or personal information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite our cybersecurity and business continuity measures, the company's information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially vulnerable to the security risks of our vendors and third-party service providers, security breaches, damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by threat actors including nation-state actors, computer viruses, hardware, software, and system vulnerabilities, ransomware, service or cloud provider disruptions or security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The company's adoption of remote working, initially driven by the pandemic, may also introduce additional threats or disruptions to our information technology networks and infrastructure. Despite our cybersecurity measures, it is possible for security vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended time period. The company continues to work to protect its employees and the public, maintain business continuity and sustain its operations, including ensuring the safety and protection of approximately 50,000 people who work in our plants and distribution centers across the world. The company's future results may be affected by its operational execution, including scenarios where the company generates fewer productivity improvements than estimated. The company's financial results depend on the successful execution of its business operating plans. The company utilizes various tools, such as lean six sigma, and engages in ongoing global business transformation. Business transformation is defined as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M to move to more efficient business models to improve operational efficiency and productivity, while allowing 3M to serve customers with greater speed and efficiency. This is enabled by the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an ERP system. The company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. The company's growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new product offerings, including its ability to continually renew its pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market. The company's results are affected by competitive conditions and customer preferences, with changes in the business environment related to disruptive technologies, such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, expanded analytics and other enhanced learnings from increasing volume of available data.