Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The firm focuses on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. The firm's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements that are designed to facilitate compliance and to require that policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries presents a continuing business challenge. The firm maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments, including institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management, providing a variety of products and services to a diverse group of clients. The financial statements reflect the effects of reclassifications to prior period amounts and the firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported. The firm is committed to reinforcing adherence to its core values through its governance framework, management oversight, and risk management processes. The firm’s risk appetite defines the aggregate level and types of risk that it is willing to accept to achieve its business objectives, taking into account the interests of clients and fiduciary duties to shareholders, as well as capital and other regulatory requirements. The firm actively manages its market risk exposures and employs a variety of risk mitigation strategies, including diversification of risk exposures and hedging. The firm uses value-at-risk (VaR) as one of the tools to measure, monitor, and review the market risk exposures of its trading portfolios, and the market risk department calculates and distributes daily VaR-based risk measures to various levels of management. The firm is exposed to credit risk arising from various activities, including extending credit to clients through loans and lending commitments, entering into swap or other derivative contracts, and providing short- or long-term funding secured by collateral. The credit risk management department establishes firmwide practices to evaluate, monitor, and control credit risk at the transaction, obligor, and portfolio levels. The firm monitors collateral levels against the requirements of lending agreements to mitigate credit risk. The firm’s IT governance framework is integral to its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness, ensuring that technology resources are aligned with business strategies and that the firm can respond effectively to market dynamics and external influences.