Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the impact of failures, disruptions, instability, or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems or applications, which may disrupt our operations, cause our products to be unavailable or fail, and impose delays or additional costs in deploying our products. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms, including our data centers, cloud providers, and other vendors and service providers, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. Any failures, disruptions, or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture could negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients. Our reliance on third-party suppliers of data, applications, and services is critical, and any loss of key outside suppliers or a reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data could impair our ability to provide our clients with our products and services. Additionally, we are exposed to cyber-attacks or failures of our cyber-security plans, systems, or procedures, which could compromise the confidentiality and integrity of affected information. The realization of any of these risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to trillions of dollars in assets. Errors or defects in our products or services can exist at any point in a product's lifecycle, frequently found after the introduction of new products or services or enhancements to existing products. We continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of and updates to our existing products or services. Our ability to effectively use the internet, including our remote workforce's ability to access the internet, may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. We also rely on certain third-party vendors to distribute our data to clients, and any refusal or failure by a key vendor to distribute our data could have a material adverse effect on our business. The competitive landscape may experience consolidation in the form of mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, or strategic partnerships, which could result in a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies. We must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage product transitions and integrations to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, expanding solutions that empower client customization, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. Our operating expenses include significant investments in technology, including costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services, which primarily include information technology costs, such as data center, cloud service, platform, and infrastructure costs. The increase in operational costs is driven by higher information technology costs, professional fees, and market data costs. Our strategic resource allocation focuses on leveraging technology capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs. The realization of our growth strategy and the effective deployment of our technology resources are critical to achieving market-based performance and maintaining competitive advantage.