We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations. Our information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access, or interruption from various sources, including cyberattacks and human error. As a provider of mission-critical communications systems, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising sensitive information and intellectual property. The sophistication of these threats continues to grow, and the complexity and scale of the systems to be protected are increasing. In an effort to protect against such attacks, we maintain insurance related to cybersecurity risks and employ various countermeasures and security controls, including training and audits. We are dependent on our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems, including the hosts of our cloud infrastructure. A cyberattack or significant disruption involving our IT systems could result in substantial costs to repair or replace our IT systems or the loss of critical data, which may disrupt our ability to perform critical functions. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends on our ability to timely obtain quality materials, parts, and components, as well as software and services from our suppliers. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our research and development initiatives may not be successful, and we may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators and commercial software companies. The process of developing new video security and software products is complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure to anticipate customers' changing needs could significantly harm our market share and financial condition. Additionally, we are subject to telecommunications-related regulations, and future legislative or regulatory actions could subject us to additional compliance obligations or adversely affect our business. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. We expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses, which introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. Our business operations are subject to interruption by various events, including natural disasters and pandemics, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and stock price. We are increasingly building AI into many of our offerings, and we envision a future where AI will help our customers build safer communities. However, AI may be flawed, and datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information, presenting emerging ethical issues. We continue to assess our operating expenses and identify cost-reducing initiatives, including lower travel costs and reducing our real estate footprint. We believe our integrated ecosystem for public and enterprise safety can enable strong collaboration by removing system silos, simplifying management, and automating workflows. We expect growth opportunities within our command center software suite, which covers the mission-critical workflow, from 911 intake to case closure and management.