Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The highly competitive nature of our industry may impact our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies, products, and markets. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have greater resources to invest in technology and capitalize on growth opportunities. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies, which face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development for new and existing products and process technologies to deliver advanced product requirements. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers and outsourced semiconductor foundries, which may impact our operational efficiency and ability to fulfill customer demand. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive data relating to our operations. Breaches of our security systems could expose us to losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees is critical to our business, as competition for experienced employees in our industry continues to be intense. We must effectively manage or plan for succession for key employees to maintain or expand our business operations. Our incentives from various governments are conditional upon achieving or maintaining certain performance obligations, which may include technology deployment and research and development activities. We may make future acquisitions and/or alliances, which involve numerous risks, including integrating the operations and technologies of acquired entities into our operations. The global memory and storage industry has experienced consolidation, and we engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions and similar opportunities. We may incur restructuring charges in future periods as we respond to changes in business conditions or centralize certain key functions. Our operations, and the global supply chain of the technology industry, are subject to a number of risks, including compliance with laws, regulations, or industry standards, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Additionally, we are subject to allegations of anticompetitive conduct, which could result in significant liability and impact our operations. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing is necessary to fund our operations and capital investments. We expect to continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities, and equipment to support future growth and achieve operating efficiencies. Our cash flows from operations are highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period.