The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. We have shifted to having a majority of our staff work from home and have added additional network capacity and monitoring; however, such remote work may cause heightened cybersecurity and operational risks. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. System limitations or failures could harm our business, and we must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms, and the adoption of new technologies. If we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. We must complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability, and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers. Our markets are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer demands. We rely on our customers that purchase our on-premise solutions to maintain a certain level of network infrastructure for our products to operate and to allow for our support of those products. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. If we are unable to develop our platforms to include other products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability, and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully. Our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified and skilled professional personnel that can learn and embrace new technologies. We may experience higher compensation costs to retain personnel and hire new talent that may not be offset by improved productivity, higher revenues, or increased sales. We have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed acquisitions and divestitures in recent years, which have resulted in expenses that would not have otherwise been incurred. The industries we operate in are highly competitive, and we face significant competition in our market technology, investment intelligence, and corporate platforms businesses from other market participants. Competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours, and they may leverage data more effectively or enter into strategic partnerships, mergers, or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data, or technology businesses more competitive than ours. Our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit, and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond. The regulatory environment, both in the U.S. and in Europe, is structured to maintain an environment of intense competition.