Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, cybersecurity risks. Interruptions in these systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise hinder our ability to deliver our service. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, and similar disruptions. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data or intellectual property, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream content to our members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party "cloud" computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. Given this reliance, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, including as a result of "bugs" or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service and business could be negatively affected. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted. We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention. Our ability to make payments on our debt, including our notes, and our other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. If we are unable to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operation may be adversely impacted.