We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our success in competing and remaining cost-competitive depends, in part, on our ability successfully to adopt and integrate new digital manufacturing and operating technologies into our products and services. We are facing increasing competition in the U.S. and outside the U.S. from U.S., foreign and multinational firms, including new entrants. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding more broadly can negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing information security and data privacy. We are subject to various investigations, claims, disputes, enforcement actions, litigation, and other legal proceedings that could ultimately be resolved against us. The improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate can impact our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. We face various risks related to health epidemics, pandemics and similar outbreaks, which may have material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our operations have been and, we expect, will continue to be further impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic may require us to continue to take extraordinary measures to protect the health and well-being of our employees. We continue to invest in the cybersecurity and resiliency of our networks and products and to enhance our internal controls and processes, which are designed to help protect our systems and infrastructure. Our ability to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers depends, in part, on our ability to maintain a qualified workforce. Our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters that could adversely affect our profitability and our overall financial position. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and new technologies and maintain technologies, facilities and equipment to win new competitions and meet the needs of our customers. Our success in the competitive defense industry depends upon our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop technologically advanced, innovative and cost-effective products and services and market these products and services to our customers in the U.S. and internationally. We are focused on the efficient conversion of operating income into cash to provide for the company's material cash requirements, including working capital needs, satisfaction of contractual commitments, funding of our pension and OPB plans, investment in our business through capital expenditures, and shareholder return through dividend payments and share repurchases. Our ability to produce and/or deliver products will be significantly impacted if the microelectronics manufacturing supply chain is cut off or significantly delayed. We rely on our suppliers to comply with applicable laws and contract terms, including regarding the parts or materials we procure from them; in some circumstances, we rely on certifications provided by our suppliers regarding their compliance. We also rely on our suppliers effectively to mitigate the risk of cyber and security threats or other disruptions with respect to the products, components and services they deliver to us and the information entrusted to them by us or our customers and to comply with applicable contractual terms and laws, including cybersecurity and related certification requirements.