Investing in our securities involves risks, including those related to our ability to grow our business and innovate in response to rapidly evolving technological and market developments and customer needs, which may harm our competitive position and business prospects. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. We must effectively identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies and accurately predict our customers' changing digital transformation needs, priorities, and adoption practices. Our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting is critical, as any failure could adversely affect the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reporting. We rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products may be limited. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has significantly impacted our business, and the extent of its continued impact will depend on various uncertain developments. As we expand our business internationally, we face significant investment and management attention, as well as different regulatory, political, and economic risks. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data, which may include personally identifiable information and protected health information. We have implemented security measures and a data governance framework designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss, but these measures may contain vulnerabilities. Our success depends on our ability to protect our proprietary technology and brand under patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, and other intellectual property protections. We have made significant investments to support future sales opportunities in various government sectors, including obtaining and maintaining cloud security authorizations. Compliance with existing and upcoming laws globally may cause us to incur substantial operational costs or require us to modify our data handling practices and policies. Our digital transformation initiatives are critical to our business strategy, and we are focused on deploying our internal professional services organization as a strategic resource while relying on our partner ecosystem for implementation services delivery. We must successfully continue to release new products and updates to existing products, as delays or perceived defects may slow the adoption of our latest technologies and reduce customer satisfaction. Our subscription revenues are primarily derived from fees that give customers access to our ordered subscription service, which is recognized ratably over the contract term. We expect our subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our ability to attract new customers, retain and increase sales to existing customers, and satisfy customers' requirements is vital to our growth. We are increasingly focused on enhancing our technology platform to meet high performance expectations and efficiently integrate with other technologies within our customers' digital environments. The competitive landscape requires us to continually innovate and adapt to changing market dynamics, ensuring our offerings remain relevant and valuable to our customers.