A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. We rely on information technology, and improvements in that technology, in all aspects of our business. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of information technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption or other operational difficulties. Although we maintain comprehensive security programs designed to protect our information technology systems, we are continually targeted by threat actors attempting to access our networks. While we have experienced cybersecurity events that have had minimal impact, future events may result in more significant impacts to business operations. These potentially impactful events could include unauthorized access to our systems, viruses, ransomware, and/or compromise, acquisition, or destruction of our data. We also could be impacted by cybersecurity events targeting third parties that we rely on for business operations, including third-party vendors that have access to our systems or data and third parties in our supply chain. Such a direct or indirect cybersecurity incident could interrupt our service, cause safety failures or operational difficulties, decrease revenues, increase operating costs, impact our efficiency, damage our corporate reputation, and/or expose us to litigation or government investigations, which could result in penalties, fines or judgments. In addition, our failure to comply with privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in government investigations and proceedings against us, or litigation, resulting in adverse reputational impacts, penalties, and legal liability. Our business may be seriously harmed if we fail to develop, implement, maintain, upgrade, enhance, protect and integrate our information technology systems. If we do not have sufficient capital to develop, acquire or implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. The increase in purchased services in 2021 was due to increased technology costs, higher intermodal-related expenses, and increased conrail costs. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things: emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We completed our positive train control system implementation prior to the December 31, 2020 deadline. PTC is designed to prevent train-to-train collisions, speed-related derailments, and certain other accidents caused by human error, but it will not prevent all types of train accidents or incidents. The PTC system will continue to result in additional operating costs and capital expenditures, and may result in increased claims and litigation costs. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, freight rates, revenue division, car supply and locomotive availability, data exchange and communications, reciprocal switching, interchange, and trackage rights. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation.