We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks or ransomware attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, while we carry cyber liability insurance, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses related to such events. In addition, we are operating two separate ERP systems to execute our financial reporting until we can complete a full data migration and complete the related testing. We have started the process of integrating these two ERP platforms into one primary system and expect to complete the implementation process during 2022. However, utilization of parallel ERP systems has inherent risks, which can complicate our financial reporting controls and potentially lead to breakdowns in data integrity. This ERP integration also has required, and will continue to require, significant capital and human resources to deploy. Potential flaws in implementing the primary ERP or in the failure of any portion/module of the ERP to meet our needs or provide appropriate controls may pose risks to our ability to operate successfully and efficiently and with an effective system of internal controls. Failures in our internal controls could result in adverse consequences in our financial reporting and operations, including delays, additional costs, impairment in our ability to access capital, adverse impacts to investor confidence, regulatory review, or litigation. The merger involved the combination of two companies which operated as independent public companies. We are required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Vereit. Potential difficulties we may encounter in the integration process include the complexities associated with combining Realty Income and Vereit's information technology systems including integrating the companies' two enterprise resource planning platforms into one primary ERP tool. We expect that the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures, including the impact on regional, national and global economies, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and such impacts may be material. We cannot assure you that our historical and unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements will be representative of our results for future periods. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our operations and those of our clients will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, the actions taken to contain the pandemic or limit its impact, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures.