Our business relies extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our customers. We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. We believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow, and leverage the value of our brand. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. The increase in average vehicle age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains, interiors, and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel, and general business and economic conditions. We cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient and, as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. Our management's attention may be distracted by acquisitions, which involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations. We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational, and other benefits. Our business involves the receiving, storage, and transmitting of certain personally identifiable or confidential information about our customers, suppliers, team members, and the company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. We and our third-party service providers and vendors have taken significant and appropriate steps to protect this information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry and national clearinghouse standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training, and monitoring and routine testing of our systems. However, these security measures are costly and require constant, ongoing attention and may not prevent a security breach due to cyber-attacks, computer malware viruses, exploitation of hardware or software vulnerabilities, team member error, malfeasance, system compromises, fraud, hacking, trickery, or other intentional or unintentional acts. If we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales, litigation, or possible regulatory action. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management's attention. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving and may increase our responsibility and liability in relation to personal data that we process, which may require the investment of additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with privacy laws and regulations. The cost of complying with stricter and more complex data privacy, data collection, and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.