Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance capabilities and increase the performance of our internal systems, particularly our systems that meet our clients' requirements, and adapt to technological advancements and changing industry standards. The market for our products is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and changing industry standards. We may not be able to keep pace with changes in technology or provide timely enhancements to our products and services. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost, and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities. We rely upon information technology ("IT") networks, cloud-based platforms, and systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to support a variety of business processes, some of which are provided by third-party vendors. Cyberattacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation. The rapid speed of disruptive innovations involving cyberattacks, security vulnerabilities, and internet disruptions enabled by new and emerging technologies may outpace our organization's ability to compete and/or manage the risk appropriately. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity regulations and to modify and enhance our information security and controls. The security of our IT infrastructure is an important consideration in our customers' purchasing decisions. We may be particularly targeted for cyber-attack because of the amount and type of personal and business information that we collect, use, and retain. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather and has been successful; however, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If we do not integrate and update our systems in a timely manner, or if our investments in technology fail to provide the expected results, there could be a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our ongoing investments in our platforms have prepared us well for the demands of the current business and regulatory environments, allowing us to adapt while maintaining strong service delivery, resulting in high levels of client satisfaction and retention. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. We continue to strengthen our position in the industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties.