The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events, which include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. The company is increasing its investment in clean diesel and zero emissions powertrain technologies, autonomous systems, connected vehicle services, next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities. The global breadth of the financial services segment and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets of $15.42 billion. The company has been affected by an industry-wide undersupply of semiconductor chips and anticipates the shortage will continue to affect deliveries. The company is committed to enhancing its operational efficiency and effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and investment in technology capabilities. The company’s investments in worldwide capital projects and research and development have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the company's premium products. The company’s financial services activities are funded primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets, which include commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates, thereby contributing to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company’s operations are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment, and it believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage. The company has accrued estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future. The company’s significant accounting policies are disclosed, and in the preparation of the financial statements, management uses estimates and makes judgments that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented.