In addition, the successful operation of new solar or wind or upgraded generation facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; labor availability, work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; opposition from local communities, and the other risks described herein. We rely on information technology systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and transmission and distribution systems. Our business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the construction of transmission and distribution facilities, modernizing existing infrastructure pursuant to investment programs that provide for current recovery in rates, and our clean energy future programs, which include providing incentives for customers to install high-efficiency equipment at their premises, constructing electric vehicle infrastructure, and implementing our smart meter program. The successful construction and development of these projects will depend, in part, on our ability to complete supporting information technology upgrades. Cybersecurity threats to the energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency, particularly since COVID-19 and the resulting shift to virtual operations began. Cybersecurity attacks or intrusions or other disruptions to our information technology, operational or other systems could adversely impact our businesses. We have been, and will continue to be, periodically audited by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation for compliance and are subject to penalties for non-compliance with applicable standards. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The pandemic's potential impact will depend on a number of factors outside of our control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak as well as third-party actions, including governmental requirements, taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. We continue to invest in transmission infrastructure in order to maintain and enhance system integrity and grid reliability, ensure system resilience in the face of continued extreme weather conditions and cyber and physical security threats, address an aging transmission infrastructure, leverage technology to improve the operation of the system, and meet changing customer usage patterns and the demand for 24/7 electricity. Our investments are expected to be substantial, particularly in offshore wind projects, which will require significant information technology capabilities to manage effectively. We emphasize excellence in operational performance while developing opportunities in both our regulated and competitive businesses, and our financial strength is predicated on a solid balance sheet, positive operating cash flow, and reasonable risk-adjusted returns on increased investment. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon, among other things, industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders, including investments in transmission facilities to enhance reliability, resiliency, and modernize the system to meet the growing needs and increasingly higher expectations of customers. Our strategic resource allocation includes investments in technology management and operational efficiency to support our business transformation and enhance our competitive advantage in the market.