Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. The ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses, and the speed of some of these developments may be increasing. Our increasing reliance on third-party systems, including cloud computing environments and software as a service applications, presents challenges in using machine learning and artificial intelligence in our business processes in a responsible and compliant manner. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems and that we rely on third-party systems and applications to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees. Our systems are subject to cyber-attacks by third parties, which are becoming more frequent and sophisticated, and to unauthorized actions by employees, consultants, agents, and others with legitimate access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. However, we have experienced minor incidents in the past, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing future attacks. Our business could be significantly damaged by a security breach, data loss or corruption, or cyber attack, which could disrupt our ability to conduct our insurance operations, adversely affect our competitive position, and have severe ramifications on our reputation and brand. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Our ability to participate in various financial networks depends on our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and with the complex rules of each network. If we fail to comply with legal requirements or rules established by a network, we could be assessed significant monetary fines and other penalties, including the termination of our right to use the applicable network. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills necessary for us to run our insurance businesses and investment operations. Our ability to manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences is essential, as complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer experiences with the speed and agility that may be required. Our business continuity plans may prove inadequate to address the business challenges that we confront, and the potential effects of external events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors we face. Our reliance on technology and the effectiveness of our IT capabilities are central to our operational efficiency, customer relationships, and overall business performance.