We increasingly rely on third-party resources and their subcontractors/suppliers to manufacture some of our products and product parts, particularly the electronic devices and accessories, and to provide services, including to support our finance, commercialization and information technology processes. While many of these arrangements improve efficiencies and decrease our operating costs, they also diminish our direct control. Such diminished control may have a material adverse effect on the quality and availability of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. The failure of our information systems and systems owned and operated by our business partners to function as intended, or their penetration with the intent to corrupt them, or our and our business partners' failure to adhere to strict data governance and cybersecurity protocols, and to comply with privacy laws and regulations, could result in business disruption, loss of reputation, litigation and regulatory action, and loss of revenue, assets or personal or other confidential data. We are continuously evolving our approach to business continuity planning and backups to provide appropriate business resilience, particularly in light of the increasing cyber threat landscape. Nevertheless, failure of these systems to function as intended, or penetration of these systems and systems owned and operated by our business partners by parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets, including our intellectual property, personal or other sensitive data, result in litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent and effectively align our organizational design with the goals of our transformation. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We compete for talent, including in areas that are new to us, such as digital, information technology, life sciences, with companies in the consumer products, technology, pharmaceutical and other sectors that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, we may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience and skills to achieve our strategic goals. Our business continuity plans and other safeguards may not be effective to mitigate the impact of the pandemic. An adequate supply chain for our reduced-risk product portfolio, including the supply of electronic devices, is important to our business. We work with four electronics manufacturing service providers for the supply of our platform devices, and a small number of other providers for other products in our reduced-risk product portfolio and related accessories. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the operations of our two main electronic manufacturing service providers were temporarily suspended at different times. Even though these suspensions did not materially affect our operations, if one or more of these service providers were significantly constrained at the same time, the supply of the devices could be disrupted. We cannot guarantee that they will remain capable of meeting their commitments, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic; if they will not, the commercialization of our reduced-risk products could be adversely affected. The significant adverse impact of COVID-19 on the economic or political conditions in markets in which we operate could result in changes to the preferences of our adult consumers and lower demand for our products, particularly for our mid-price or premium-price brands.