The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses and is dependent on having the right to use the underlying intellectual property. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions and those of our customers. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. We have been investing in technology and connectivity to automate functions, facilitate customer engagement in financial transactions, and enhance the customer experience. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology could cause us to lose market share or incur additional expenses. Our ability to maintain or enhance our technological position is dependent on attracting and retaining talented employees in these fields. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended, which could result from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. We also rely on information systems maintained by other companies, which are subject to many of the same risks we face. The risks of operational failures in the use of these systems result from various factors, including electrical or telecommunications outages, disasters, and cyber threats. Our risk and exposure to data security breaches is heightened due to our remote work environment, which results in more access points to our network. We face ongoing efforts by others to breach data security at financial institutions, and our risk is further increased by the use of third-party data aggregators that may facilitate fraud. We maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers, and our employees, which includes highly sensitive information. Our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is limited, particularly with respect to information held by third parties. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. Our risk management framework includes a comprehensive approach to identifying, assessing, managing, and reporting risks associated with technology and information systems. We employ a governance framework to ensure that risks are identified and managed effectively, with oversight provided by various risk committees. Our enterprise risk management framework includes components for risk culture, risk governance, risk identification, and risk assessment. We also monitor the effectiveness of our risk management practices and controls to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective management of operational risk across various domains, including technology and systems, data management, and information security. We are committed to enhancing our technology capabilities to support our strategic objectives and to ensure that we can respond effectively to changing market conditions and customer needs.