Our information technology and infrastructure, or information technology and infrastructure of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to attacks by malicious actors or breached due to human error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breaches could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. A breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our shareholders, employees, customers, vendors, and governmental authorities. The continuing and evolving threat of cyberattacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. To the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws could expose us to increased liability, subject us to lawsuits, investigations and other liabilities and restrictions on our operations that could significantly and adversely affect our business. Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operating results are largely dependent on the continued operation of facilities and assets owned and operated by us and our equity affiliates. Interruptions may materially reduce productivity and thus, the profitability, of operations during and after downtime, including for planned turnarounds and scheduled maintenance activities. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, including those that may be caused by climate change, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to protect our assets from physical risks and to employ processes, to the extent available, to mitigate such risks. Our ability to successfully identify and evaluate acquisition and investment opportunities or develop and commercialize new technologies is critical to our growth strategy. The number of lower-carbon opportunities may be limited, and we will compete with other energy companies for these limited opportunities, which could make them more expensive and the returns for our business less attractive. Our strategy primarily focuses on investing in returns-focused growth opportunities in the midstream and chemicals segments, as well as our investments in renewable fuels projects to advance a lower-carbon future. We strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and culture. Throughout the company, we focus on promoting an inclusive workplace that enables our diverse workforce to innovate, create value and deliver extraordinary performance. We also focus on getting results in the right way and embracing our values as a common bond, and we believe success is both what we do and how we do it. We foster an environment of learning and development through structured programs focused on enhancing functional and technical skills where employees are engaged in our business and committed to their own, as well as the company's, success. Our commitment to operating excellence guides everything we do. Continuous improvement in safety, environmental stewardship, reliability and cost efficiency is a fundamental requirement for our company and employees.