Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. The nature of our business exposes us to warranty, engineering, and other related claims. Technological advancements and other market conditions could negatively affect our business. Our business can be highly cyclical and is subject to seasonality and other factors that can result in significantly different operating results from quarter to quarter, and therefore our results in any particular quarter may not be indicative of future results. Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We may not realize the anticipated benefits and synergies from our acquisition of Blattner. Our decentralized management infrastructure could negatively impact our business. Our financial results and financial condition may be adversely affected as a result of asset impairments. Our inability to successfully execute our acquisition strategy may adversely impact our growth. We believe there are long-term growth opportunities across our industries, and we continue to have a positive long-term outlook. We believe that there are also several existing, pending, or proposed legislative or regulatory actions that may alleviate certain regulatory and permitting issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. Our customers include many of the leading companies in the industries we serve, and we endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. We believe these dynamics will generate significant demand in the near- and longer-term for our renewable energy infrastructure services, including our generation construction services and engineering expertise in utility-scale solar, wind, and battery storage projects, as well as our services related to the development and construction of related infrastructure, including high-voltage electric transmission and substation infrastructure and battery storage facilities, which are necessary to interconnect and transmit electricity from new renewable energy generation facilities into the existing electric power grid and enhance grid reliability. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts, and fixed price and non-fixed price new construction contracts. We believe focusing on these services helps to offset the seasonality and cyclicality of our larger pipeline project business. We believe the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, which is being driven by consumer and investor preferences, increasing electrification trends, supportive public policy actions, and declining levelized costs of renewable energy, will require sizeable long-term investment in renewable generation and related infrastructure, including meaningful repowering and modernization of existing assets. We believe increased battery storage can support increased renewable energy development by providing shorter-term storage of electricity from renewable energy generation, particularly from solar facilities, which helps to manage the amount and timing of intermittent power placed on the grid from renewable generation. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and therefore we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce, including through strategic relationships with universities, the military, and unions and the expansion and development of our training facility and postsecondary educational institution. We also believe there are significant long-term opportunities for these services, including our high-pressure and critical-path turnaround services, as well as our capabilities with respect to instrumentation and electrical services, piping, fabrication, and storage tanks services, and other industrial services.