Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. These systems are also critical to enable remote working arrangements, which have been growing in importance due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and related developments. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses and ransomware, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others, which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives, including industrial espionage or extortion. While we continue to make investments to improve the protection of data and information technology, and to oversee and monitor the security measures of our suppliers and/or service providers, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. Our reliance on third-party collaborators, including Sanofi and Bayer, and service providers such as contract research organizations, outside testing laboratories, clinical investigator sites, third-party manufacturers, fill/finish providers, and product packagers and labelers, to assist us in the manufacture and preclinical and clinical development of our product candidates is critical. If any of our existing collaborators or service providers breaches or terminates its agreement with us or does not perform its development or manufacturing services under an agreement in a timely manner, we could experience additional costs, delays, and difficulties in the manufacture or development of, or in obtaining approval by regulatory authorities for, or successfully commercializing our product candidates. We also face risks related to the personal data we collect, process, and share. Our ability to conduct our business is significantly dependent on the data that we collect, process, and share in discovering and developing drug products. These data are often considered personal data and are therefore regulated by data privacy laws in applicable jurisdictions. Compliance with varying jurisdictional requirements could increase the costs and complexity of compliance, including the risk of substantial financial penalties for insufficient notice and consent, failure to respond to data subject rights requests, lack of a legal basis for the transfer of personal information out of the EU, or improper processing of personal data under the GDPR. If we or any collaborators fail to comply with applicable federal, state, local, or foreign regulatory requirements, we could be subject to a range of regulatory actions that could affect our or any collaborators' ability to commercialize our products and could harm, prevent, or substantially increase the cost of marketing and sales of any affected products that we are able to commercialize.