Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. We rely on third-party cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure to host enterprise and customer systems, and any disruptions of these services could impact our business operations and our ability to service customers. Cyber-attacks, configuration or human error and/or other external hazards could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption. Global cybersecurity threats and attacks to networks, systems and endpoints can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its businesses, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Our customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and services, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. We seek to deploy measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, continuous monitoring of our networks, endpoints and systems and maintenance of backup and recovery capabilities. Despite these efforts, we can make no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, timely and adequately address, or mitigate the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security compromises, and such cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, damage to our IT systems, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We depend on our ability to develop new products, and any failure to develop or market new products could adversely affect our business. The future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products and to enhance existing products so that we maintain our margin profile. This product development may require substantial internal investment. There can be no assurance that unforeseen problems will not occur with respect to the development, performance or market acceptance of new technologies or products or that we will otherwise be able to successfully develop and market new products. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Many of our products and services rely on proprietary technology; therefore, we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business.