We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of our information systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, cyberattacks, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. Our ability to effectively buy and resell merchandise that meets customer demand depends on our ongoing ability to identify customer trends and preferences and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. We face challenges in recruiting and retaining sufficient talent in our buying organization, management, stores, distribution centers, and other key areas. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs. We are also subject to impacts from the macro-economic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and disposable income. Our operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the trends toward expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We expect competition to increase in the future, and our retail competitors constantly adjust their pricing, business strategies, and promotional activity in response to changing market conditions or their own financial condition. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and resell merchandise that meets customer demand. We are adapting and changing our operational measures as we learn from experience. Information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business. Despite security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors, phishing, ransomware attacks, and similar fraudulent attacks. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action. We are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by federal, state, and local tax authorities, and these examining authorities may challenge positions we take.