Our business, operating results, financial condition and liquidity can be impacted by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, including credit market conditions, inflationary environments, and supply chain challenges. We are leveraging the raytheon merger to undertake various strategic initiatives to transform the company and increase our existing focus on operational excellence, including significant investments in digital technologies across our business to enhance our products and services. The ongoing new customer oriented results excellence operating system deployment is one of these initiatives. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products and services. The product, program and service needs of our customers change and evolve regularly, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on various factors, including execution of internal and external performance plans and the availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials. Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to perform on our contracts, including any applicable non-traditional requirements. We also face risks relating to our U.S. government contracts and the mix of our U.S. government contracts and programs that could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and overall business. Our global operations may present challenges in maintaining our corporate culture and high ethical standards, which are critical for attracting, training and retaining qualified personnel. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products, and we continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and those of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other third parties. Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our own or third-party information technology infrastructure, which could result from cyber-attacks or failures of such infrastructure. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, nondisclosure agreements, IT security systems, internal controls and compliance systems and other measures to protect our intellectual property. The evolving nature of cybersecurity and data privacy and protection laws and regulations presents increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs and expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. Our business may be impacted by climate change and governmental and industry actions taken in response, including changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations that could increase our operational and compliance expenditures. We must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export and import of products, services and technology from and into the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over our operations. Our international sales and operations are subject to risks associated with local government laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs, import quotas and other trade barriers. Significant changes in U.S. government defense spending or changes in U.S. government priorities, policies and requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our reliance on U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of materials and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs.