Our financial condition and results of operations are subject to a number of factors, many of which are largely outside our control, including the need to adapt to changing customer preferences and behaviors in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and transactions. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. Furthermore, we are working to manage risks and costs related to climate change and diminishing resources, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. Our global business strategy relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors, and retailers. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by factors beyond our control, including financial constraints caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our reliance on information technology in our operations and growth initiatives means that any material failure, inadequacy, interruption, or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results. We are also subject to complex and rapidly evolving U.S. and international laws and regulations regarding data privacy and data protection, which may limit our ability to collect and use data, require us to modify our data processing practices, or result in fines and penalties. The unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee personal, financial, or other data could impact our reputation and brand and expose us to potential liability and loss of revenues. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge as we increase our fresh and prepared food offerings. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. The ongoing focus by large competitors in the quick-service restaurant sector on selling high-quality specialty coffee beverages could lead to decreases in customer traffic to our stores and adversely affect our sales and results of operations. Our financial performance is highly dependent on our North America operating segment, which comprised approximately 70% of consolidated total net revenues, and we are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets to achieve our growth targets.