The company relies on information technology systems to conduct its business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing its competitive position, and supporting and communicating with employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, sales, and customer service. Despite efforts to prevent disruptions to these information technology systems, they may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages, or system failures. The risks could be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems to conduct business, including those used in furtherance of remote and hybrid in-office work environments. Disruptions to these systems may have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company continues to mitigate these risks through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of facilities and systems, providing annual training for all employees, assessing the continued appropriateness of relevant insurance coverage, and strengthening controls to monitor and mitigate these threats. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to the business. Compliance with these requirements could result in additional costs and changes to business practices. The company faces substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are key competitive factors for the business. Increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas may reduce sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. The company has historically made strategic acquisitions of businesses in the paint and coatings industry and likely will acquire additional businesses in the future as part of its long-term growth strategy. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on the ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions. The company is also subject to various domestic and foreign laws, rules, and regulations, including those governing data privacy and security, which could adversely affect results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. The company’s ability to attract, retain, develop, and progress a qualified workforce could adversely impact business and impair the ability to meet strategic objectives and the needs of customers. The company’s operations are subject to various health, safety, and environmental laws, regulations, and requirements, which may impose additional costs and affect results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. The company’s financial condition, liquidity, and cash flow remained strong, with net operating cash generation primarily attributable to operating results. The company continues to evaluate changes in its business, consider new and further changes, and work with public health, government, and other authorities to maintain operations and support the health and well-being of employees, customers, and their families.