The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends upon the commencement of new design projects by semiconductor manufacturers, systems companies, and their customers. The increasing complexity of designs of systems-on-chips, integrated circuits, electronic systems, and customers' concerns about managing costs have previously led to, and in the future could lead to, a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. Demand for our products and services could decrease and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if growth in the semiconductor and electronics industries slows or stalls, including due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or a sustained global supply chain disruption. Our customers frequently incorporate third-party intellectual property into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our electronic design automation, intellectual property, and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. If we fail to optimize our electronic design automation and intellectual property solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major intellectual property providers' products, or if our access to such foundry processes or third-party intellectual property products is hampered, then our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, with new competitors entering these markets both domestically and internationally. The demand for our products and services is dynamic and depends on a number of factors, including demand for our customers' products, design starts, and our customers' budgetary constraints. Technology in these industries evolves rapidly and is characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements as well as changes in industry standards and customer requirements. The adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence technologies can bring new demands and also challenges in terms of disruption to both business models and our existing technology offerings. Our customers and potential customers continue to demand an overall lower total cost of design, which can lead to the consolidation of their purchases with one vendor. In order to succeed in this environment, we must successfully meet our customers' technology requirements and increase the value of our products while also striving to reduce their overall costs and our own operating costs. Our ability to anticipate and lead critical development cycles and technological shifts, innovate rapidly and efficiently, improve our existing software and hardware products, and successfully develop or acquire new products are essential to maintaining our competitive advantage. Our research and development efforts are focused on developing new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we are unable to anticipate technological changes in our industry by introducing new or enhanced products in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if we fail to introduce products that meet market demand, we may lose our competitive position, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches could compromise sensitive information belonging to us or our customers and could harm our business and our reputation. Our success depends in part upon protecting our proprietary technology, and our efforts to protect our technology may be costly and unsuccessful.