The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution and storage facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. The registrants face risks related to technology system failures, cyber intrusions, and the implementation of new technologies. Cyber actors have attacked energy infrastructure, and the registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on their operations. Additionally, the registrants collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers, employees, and stockholders, which may be targeted by malicious actors. The registrants' third-party service providers could fail to establish adequate risk management and information security measures, potentially inhibiting the registrants' ability to fulfill critical business functions. The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may also be adversely affected if they are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform necessary corporate functions. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce with the necessary skills to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce or increased labor costs may lead to operational challenges. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, and the adoption patterns of technologies by customers. Changes in technology could alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, and rapid advances in power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, and these actions cannot be assured to be completed or beneficial. The registrants rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity to meet capital requirements. If any of the registrants is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, their ability to implement their business plan will be limited. The registrants' ability to meet their financial obligations is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their respective subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. The registrants face significant competition for transactional opportunities, and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. The registrants' businesses are also dependent on their ability to successfully access capital through capital markets and financial institutions, and any credit rating downgrades could require altering the mix of debt financing currently used. The registrants' financial performance may be adversely affected by the inability to recover costs through regulated rates, changes in customer demand for energy, and the impact of global climate change on sustainability goals and energy needs.