We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions, or other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, hardware or software corruption or failure, or poor product or vendor/developer selection. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. The risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the remote working environment throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants, and revenues, generate third-party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. Additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants, including unauthorized access to customers' credit card data and other confidential information, could diminish consumer confidence and spending and materially and adversely affect us. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had a material negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world, and the pandemic continues to adversely impact economic activity in retail real estate. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and governments and other authorities have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings, and business operations. Our ability to manage our respective businesses may be impacted by our management or personnel being affected in significant numbers by the COVID-19 pandemic or being otherwise not willing, available, or allowed to conduct work. Furthermore, our and our tenants' ability to ensure business continuity in the event our or our tenants' continuity of operations plan is not effective or improperly implemented could be compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity during the COVID-19 pandemic. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and the bankruptcy of a tenant, particularly an anchor tenant or a national tenant with multiple locations, may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured, and may make the re-tenanting of its space difficult and costly. The increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping. Our business currently is predominantly reliant on consumer demand for shopping at physical stores, and we could be materially and adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in adapting our business to evolving consumer purchasing habits.