We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and SaaS solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software (including open source software) and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new commercial global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new commercial global ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. We may be unable to attract and retain key employees. Our sales, technical and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing and selling of new and existing products. If we are unable to recruit, hire, develop and retain a talented, competitive workforce in our highly competitive industry, or if we are unable to plan effective succession for the future, we may not be able to meet our strategic business objectives. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain of our products has shifted and continues to shift or as may be mandated by governmental authorities in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our ability to market, distribute, and sell our products through indirect channels has been adversely affected as a result of precautionary responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, including travel restrictions, suspension and shutdown orders and other measures intended to limit person-to-person contact. Our global operations are subject to risks and potential costs, including changes in reimbursement, changes in regulatory requirements, differing local product preferences and product requirements, diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries, tariffs and other trade protection measures, international trade disputes and import or export requirements, difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations, introduction of new internal business structures and programs, political and economic instability, and disruptions of transportation due to a global pandemic of contagious diseases like COVID-19 or otherwise. We may experience inflationary increases in manufacturing costs and operating expenses, caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or as a result of general macroeconomic factors, and may not be able to pass these cost increases on to our customers in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse impact on our profitability and results of operations.