We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans, which could be material. The financial accounting standards board requires companies to recognize the funded status of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as an asset or liability in their statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and changes in customer expectations, while remaining competitive. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. We are transitioning services from our old copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed, at both the state and federal levels. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to reduce costs, streamline and modernize distribution and customer service, remove redundancies and simplify and improve processes and support functions. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity, developing software-based entertainment, and utilizing warnermedia's storytelling legacy to engage consumers and gain insights across multiple distribution points. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand instant connectivity and higher speeds made possible by wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment and our fiber network expansion. We also expect revenue growth from continued investment in premium content and by expanding the international reach of HBO Max. The pandemic-related partial closure of movie theaters is expected to continue to pressure revenues; however, we are working towards a shorter but exclusive theatrical window for our 2022 film slate. Our ability to generate subscription and advertising revenue from attractive video content, especially from warnermedia, in the face of unpredictable and rapidly evolving public viewing habits and legal restrictions on using personal data for advertising is critical. We must continue to develop and provide unique integrated mobile and broadband/fiber solutions. Our mobility operating income margin was 29.8% in 2021, 30.8% in 2020, and 31.4% in 2019. Our communications segment provides services to businesses and consumers located in the U.S. and businesses globally. We believe 5G opens up vast possibilities of connecting sensors, devices, and autonomous things, commonly referred to as the Internet of Things (IoT). To support higher mobile data usage, our priority is to best utilize a wireless network that has sufficient spectrum and capacity to support these innovations on as broad a geographic basis as possible. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures, such as through increases in the selling prices of some of our products and services, may not be successful.