The covid-19 pandemic has continued to cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain, and distribution system, and the long-term impact on our business remains unknown. The pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, and business curtailments. Our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. We believe the covid-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future again have, a material and adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business focuses almost exclusively on the aerospace and defense industry, and during a prolonged period of significant market disruption, our business may be disproportionately impacted compared to peer companies that are more diversified in the industries they serve. We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales, and a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing, and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with an aftermarket revenue stream and a diversified revenue base that reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions, and we are continuing to evaluate short-, medium-, and long-term risks related to climate change. Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. We are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction, operator error, or process failures. We have experienced data security incidents that have not had a material impact on our financial results, but our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches and other data loss. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt.