The company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, hacking, and malware or ransomware attacks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect the company's operations or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure. Truist will continually encounter technological change and must effectively anticipate, develop, and implement new technology. The company faces risks associated with quality, availability, and retention of key data for operational, strategic, and compliance purposes. Truist's business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in the company's information systems and that of third parties. The company's operational and security systems and infrastructure, including computer systems, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to the company's performance. Truist's framework for managing risks may not be effective, and the company may be exposed to substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition. The company's operational or security systems or infrastructure or those of third parties could fail or be breached, which could disrupt the company's business and adversely impact the company's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. The company's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, and Truist has established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the company is subject, including technology risk. Truist's technology risk framework provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program, and oversight and defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk. The company has invested in technology to automate functions previously performed manually, to facilitate the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions, and otherwise to enhance the client experience with respect to the company's products and services. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, and Truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. The company's continued success depends, in part, upon its ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in the company's operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. The company faces risks associated with the integration of systems and operations, while safeguarding the company against external threats. Truist's cybersecurity risk program is overseen by executive leadership and the board, and regular updates on the status of the cybersecurity risk program, including information security risks and incidents, emerging threats, and control environment, are aggregated and escalated to executive leadership and the board. The company has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to operationalize its cybersecurity strategy, which is enabled by continuous enhancement of Truist's multilayered defenses including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery.