Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interacting with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online, mobile, and social media, among others). We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract developments and investments by our competitors. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing technology, software, and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers and our vendors. We also need to collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to personalize our offerings. Providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, low-cost or free shipping, and desired payment methods. If we are unable to successfully provide a relevant and reliable experience for our guests across multiple channels, our sales, results of operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. We are making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and replenishment and fulfillment infrastructure to improve guest experiences across multiple channels, improve the speed, accuracy, and cost-efficiency of our supply chain and inventory management systems, and support our current and expected sales levels. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on computer systems throughout our business. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged, disrupted, or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions, and encounter lost guest confidence. We continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency, and could negatively impact guest experiences and guest confidence. If our efforts to provide information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, we may face additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our reputation and results of operations could suffer. We are dependent on our vendors, including common carriers, to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. As we continue to add capabilities to quickly move the appropriate amount of inventory at optimal operational costs through our supply chain, operating our replenishment and fulfillment network becomes more complex and challenging. If our replenishment and fulfillment network does not operate properly, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, or if common carriers have difficulty providing capacity to meet demands for their services, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays or increased delivery costs, which could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence. We are also making significant investments in technology and replenishment and fulfillment infrastructure to improve guest experiences across multiple channels. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers.