The company’s business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support its business processes and strategic initiatives in an efficient manner, particularly as its business processes become more digital. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 and related risks could materially affect the company's results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, with operational disruptions and heightened cybersecurity risks being significant concerns. The intense competition faced, including with respect to attracting and retaining employees, and the impact of innovation, technological change, and changing customer preferences on the insurance industry could harm the ability to maintain or increase business volumes and profitability. The company competes with both domestic and foreign insurers, including an increasing number of start-ups that may offer products at prices and on terms that are not consistent with economic standards. The competitive environment could also be impacted by changes in customer preferences, including demand for direct distribution channels and greater choice, which may affect the company's ability to differentiate its products. The company must effectively deploy technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to analyze a wide variety of data points for underwriting or other decisions, as failure to do so could impact its competitive position. The company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks, with increased use of data supplied by third parties heightening exposure to risks. Cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, and the company’s systems are regularly targeted by cybercriminals seeking sensitive personal or other insurance-related information. The company has experienced cyber-attacks, and while it has not identified a material cybersecurity breach, the sophistication of these threats continues to increase. The company’s investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration, with the majority of investments comprised of a diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt, and taxable U.S. municipal bonds. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its proprietary modeling processes. The company has established a catastrophe management organization that includes experts in data science, meteorology, and environmental engineering to enhance strategic management of catastrophe exposure. The company’s ability to manage its exposure to losses is supported by its investment portfolio, which is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders, and the primary goals of its asset-liability management process are to satisfy insurance liabilities and maintain sufficient liquidity to cover fluctuations in projected liability cash flows. The company’s claims and claim adjustment expense reserves are subject to significant estimation uncertainty, influenced by various factors including changes in claims handling procedures, economic conditions, and legal trends. The company’s technology systems are crucial for conducting business and processing claims, and any failure in these systems could significantly impair its ability to perform necessary business functions.