The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Our ability to acquire new businesses and assets and successfully integrate those operations and assets into existing businesses as well as successfully expand our facilities is critical. We may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks, or our investment evaluation process may be incomplete or flawed. Our growth strategy includes engagement in significant capital projects, and we consider acquisition opportunities. We face opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups, which could delay or deny required governmental permits. Our industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect our business and operating results. We have numerous competitors in all aspects of our businesses, and additional competitors may enter our markets. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies or to devote greater resources to the construction, expansion, or refurbishment of their facilities than we can. We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including information we use to safely operate our assets. Our board of directors has oversight responsibility regarding the assessment of the major risks inherent in our business, including cybersecurity risks. We have invested, and expect to continue to invest, significant time, manpower, and capital in our information technology infrastructure. However, the age, operating systems, or condition of our current information technology infrastructure and software assets and our ability to maintain and upgrade such assets could affect our ability to resist cybersecurity threats. We regularly face cybersecurity and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, which could include threats to our operational industrial control systems and safety systems that operate our pipelines, plants, and assets. We face unlawful attempts to gain access to our information technology infrastructure, including coordinated attacks from hackers, whether state-sponsored groups, "hacktivists," or private individuals. We also face attempts to gain access to information related to our assets through attempts to obtain unauthorized access by targeting acts of deception against individuals with legitimate access to physical locations or information. Breaches in our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities, or other disruptions including those arising from theft, vandalism, fraud, or unethical conduct, could result in damage to or destruction of our assets, unnecessary waste, safety incidents, damage to the environment, reputational damage, potential liability, the loss of contracts, the imposition of significant costs associated with remediation and litigation, heightened regulatory scrutiny, increased insurance costs, and have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including cybersecurity risks. We depend upon third-party pipelines and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from our pipelines and facilities for the benefit of our customers. If these pipelines or facilities were to become temporarily or permanently unavailable for any reason, or if throughput were reduced, we and our customers would have reduced capacity to transport, store or deliver natural gas or NGL products to end-use markets or to receive deliveries, thereby reducing our revenues.