ExxonMobil's financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses, including the pursuit of lower-emission business opportunities. The company faces competition from other private firms and state-owned companies that may have different strategic objectives. Technological improvements in energy efficiency and changes in technology that alter fuel choices can impact demand for oil, gas, and petrochemicals. The company's ability to manage operational efficiency is crucial for competitive performance, which includes technology improvements, cost control, and productivity enhancements. ExxonMobil's technology, research, and development organizations must adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The success of the company's strategy for the energy transition will depend on its ability to recognize key signposts of change in the global energy system and direct investment to the technologies and businesses that capitalize on its competitive strengths. The company has established a low carbon solutions business unit to advance the development and deployment of technologies such as carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and advanced biofuels. Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions will require new technologies to reduce costs and increase scalability of alternative energy sources. ExxonMobil's future results and ability to grow its low carbon solutions business will depend on the success of research and collaboration efforts, as well as the ability to adapt and apply the strengths of its current business model to provide future energy products in a cost-competitive manner. The company's operational and financial performance is also influenced by its ability to manage risks, including cybersecurity threats, which require multi-layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection. The company employs a comprehensive enterprise risk management system to identify and manage risks across its businesses, and its results depend on management's ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations. The effectiveness of the company's management systems and controls is critical to mitigate risks and ensure operational continuity. The ability to develop and deploy lower emission energy technologies at commercial scale will depend on supportive government policies and market development. Failure or delay of these policies could adversely impact investments in lower-emission technologies. The company's reputation is an important corporate asset, and factors that could negatively impact it include operating incidents, significant cybersecurity disruptions, or perceived insufficient progress in leading the energy transition. The competitive landscape is also shaped by technological advancements that enhance the competitiveness of firms lacking internal resources, which underscores the importance of ExxonMobil's ongoing investment in technology and innovation to maintain its market position.