We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure. Our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems and digital solutions make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. We depend on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. We also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. Failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. All information systems, despite implementation of security measures, are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access. If our information systems were to fail or be breached, such failure or breach could materially adversely affect our ability to perform critical business functions and sensitive and confidential data could be compromised. We may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances or divest businesses. We pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. Our research and development relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional restrictive regulations. Our R&D, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development, manufacturing and commercialization of new products. Disruptive innovations and advances in medical practices and technologies could negatively affect the market for our products. The animal health industry is highly competitive. We believe many of our competitors are conducting R&D activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. We also compete with companies that produce generic products, but the level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. The consolidation of our customers and distributors could negatively affect the pricing of our products. Changes in distribution channels for companion animal products could negatively impact our market share, margins and distribution of our products. We have been investing in data and digital capabilities and have expanded our diagnostics portfolio.