item 1a. risk factorsyou should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this form 10-k in evaluating abbvie and abbvie's common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect abbvie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to abbvie's business and risks related to abbvie's common stock. based on the information currently known to it, abbvie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. however, the risks and uncertainties abbvie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbvie or that abbvie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. in addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in such case, the trading price of abbvie's common stock could decline.
risks related to abbvie's business the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses, including the loss of exclusivity for humira and increased competition from biosimilars, may adversely affect abbvie's revenues and operating earnings.
abbvie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. in particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in abbvie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the united states and most major markets outside of the united states. patents covering abbvie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of abbvie's products.
as patents for certain of its products expire, abbvie could face competition from lower priced generic or biosimilar products. the expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. if abbvie's competitive position is compromised because of generics, biosimilars or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business and results of operations. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs or biosimilars. any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic competition.
large pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers of pharmaceutical products continue to expand into the biotechnology field and form partnerships to pursue biosimilars. companies have developed and are developing biosimilars that compete with abbvie's biologic products, including humira. as competitors obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing abbvie's biologic products, abbvie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. expiration of or successful challenges to abbvie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. as a result, abbvie could face increased litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.
for example, humira accounted for approximately 27% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2023. humira is facing competition from biosimilar products in the united states following the loss of exclusivity in 2023, which abbvie anticipates will continue to cause a significant decline in humira's revenue and could adversely affect abbvie's revenues and operating earnings.
abbvie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in item 3, "legal proceedings."
a significant portion of abbvie's revenue and operating earnings are derived from several major products. third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent abbvie's patents and patent applications. for example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of abbvie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by abbvie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. in addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of abbvie's patents under the 2011 leahy-smith america invents act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the united states patent and trademark office.
although most of the challenges to abbvie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. for example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. in addition, certain governments outside the united states have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as hiv/aids. if triggered, compulsory licenses may diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to abbvie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive abbvie of market exclusivity for a patented product. to the extent abbvie's intellectual property is successfully challenged, circumvented or weakened, or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow abbvie to compete effectively, abbvie's business will suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbvie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of abbvie's intellectual property, abbvie's revenues and operating earnings will be reduced.
a third party's intellectual property may prevent abbvie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
third parties may claim that an abbvie product infringes upon their intellectual property. in addition, in its pursuit of valid business opportunities, abbvie may be required to challenge intellectual property rights held by others that it believes were improperly granted. resolving an intellectual property infringement or other claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbvie to enter into license agreements. abbvie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbvie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected abbvie product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products. such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenue and profitability. accordingly, abbvie commits substantial effort, funds and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture or the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
15       | 2023 form 10-k decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. more detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for regulatory approval. abbvie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect abbvie's results of operations.
even if abbvie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer.
abbvie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, abbvie's revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. in the united states, the european union and other countries, abbvie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.
abbvie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. in the united states, practices of managed care groups, and institutional and governmental purchasers, as well as federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, contribute to pricing pressures. in particular, the ira will have the effect of reducing prices and reimbursements for certain of our products, which could significantly impact abbvie's results of operations. under the ira, the u.s department of health and human services can effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under medicare part b and part d. generally, these government prices can apply as soon as nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their fda approval and will be capped at a statutory ceiling price that is likely to represent a significant discount from average prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. in august 2023, the u.s. department of health and human services, through the cms, selected imbruvica as one of the first 10 medicines subject to government-set prices beginning in 2026. the price-setting process will conclude by august 1, 2024, and on september 1, 2024, the cms will publish prices that will be applicable to the 10 drugs in the medicare program beginning january 1, 2026. it is possible that more of our products, including products that generate substantial revenues, could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiration of intellectual property protections. in addition, beginning in january 2025, under the ira, the 70% coverage gap discount program will be replaced by a 10% manufacturer discount for all medicare part d beneficiaries that have met their deductible and incurred out of pocket drug costs below a $2,000 threshold and a 20% discount for beneficiaries that have incurred out of pocket drug costs above the $2,000 threshold under the new part d benefit redesign. manufacturers that fail to comply with the ira may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant. the ira has and will continue to meaningfully impact abbvie's business strategies and those of others in the pharmaceutical industry. the full impact of the ira on abbvie's business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of our or a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain.
abbvie continues to evaluate the impact that the ira may have on the company. the potential for continuing changes to the health care system in the united states and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries may result in additional pricing pressures. additionally, changes to u.s. tax laws now require (i) a 15% alternative minimum tax generally applied to u.s. corporations on adjusted financial statement income beginning in 2023 and (ii) a non-deductible 1% excise tax provision on net stock repurchases.
in major markets worldwide, governments play a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. consequently, in those markets, abbvie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. in particular, many european countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and abbvie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in europe. differences between countries' pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in abbvie's products that results in a reduction in revenues and operating earnings.
rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service medicaid or medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. abbvie cannot predict with certainty if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or incremental rebates or discounts. other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
a portion of abbvie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.
abbvie depends on alliances and joint ventures with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to abbvie, or any disruption in the relationships between abbvie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. in addition, abbvie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of abbvie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. this could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products, affect the effective sale and delivery of abbvie's commercialized products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
biologics carry unique risks and uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on abbvie's business and results of operations.
the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. for example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and current governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. in addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. as a result, manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics-including humira, skyrizi and botox -could have a negative impact on abbvie's business and results of operations.
new products and technological advances by abbvie's competitors may negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that research, develop, manufacture, market and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. for example, humira competes with anti-tnf products and other competitive products intended to treat a number of disease states and mavyret/maviret competes with other available hepatitis c treatment options. in addition, in the past few years, a number of other companies have started to develop, have successfully developed and/or are currently marketing products that are being positioned as competitors to botox. all of these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with abbvie's products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care. in addition, as abbvie products lose exclusivity, competition surrounding such products will increase and generic and biosimilar products will increasingly penetrate the markets. abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, have lower prices or better insurance coverage or reimbursement levels, or have superior performance features than abbvie's products, and this may negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing abbvie's products, abbvie's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for abbvie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, such batch of product may have to be
17       | 2023 form 10-k discarded and abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.
abbvie uses raw materials and components in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes, including those sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those raw materials and components could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie uses raw materials and components in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that may be sourced from single suppliers. the failure of abbvie's suppliers, and particularly its single-source suppliers, to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair abbvie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. increases in demand on any of abbvie's suppliers could result in delays and disruptions in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of its products and/or product shortages, leading to lost revenue. finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve abbvie's use of such alternatives. business interruption insurance may not provide adequate compensation in the case of a failure by a supplier.
abbvie relies on suppliers, vendors and other third party service providers to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, promote and sell its products. reliance on third party manufacturers reduces abbvie's oversight and control of the manufacturing process. some of these third party providers are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, privacy and security risks and market risks of their own. the failure of a critical third party service provider to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's operations and results. if any third party service providers have violated or are alleged to have violated any laws or regulations during the performance of their obligations to abbvie, it is possible that abbvie could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences.
significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for abbvie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and financial condition.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies may also be conducted, which may be sponsored by abbvie but could also be sponsored by competitors, insurance companies, government institutions, scientists, investigators or other interested parties. if new safety or efficacy issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing phase 4 trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, abbvie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbvie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if safety or efficacy issues with an abbvie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by abbvie or by regulatory authorities and regulatory action could be taken by such regulatory authorities. safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of similar abbvie products.
new data about abbvie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for abbvie's products due to actual or perceived safety issues or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of abbvie's products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of abbvie's products.
abbvie is subject to product liability claims and other lawsuits that may adversely affect its business, results of operations and reputation.
in the ordinary course of business, abbvie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that abbvie's current or historical products or the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. for example, lawsuits are pending against allergan, abbvie's subsidiary, and certain of its former officers alleging they made misrepresentations and omissions regarding allergan's textured breast implants. product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers.
consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the product in question, lower revenue and exposure to other claims. abbvie evaluates its risks and has determined that the cost of obtaining product liability insurance outweighs the likely benefits of the coverage that is available and, as such, abbvie's product liability losses are self-insured.
abbvie is also the subject of other claims, legal proceedings and investigations in the ordinary course of business, which relate to intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters. adverse outcomes in such claims, legal proceedings and investigations may also adversely affect abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation. see note 15, "legal proceedings and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." abbvie cannot predict with certainty the outcome of these proceedings.
abbvie is subject to governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities, as described in item 1, "business-regulation-discovery and clinical development," "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing," and "business-regulation-medical devices." the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time consuming, and approvals may not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs.
the u.s. healthcare industry, in particular, is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial regulatory changes. it is expected that the u.s. healthcare industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the healthcare system are considered by the executive branch, congress and state legislatures. abbvie cannot predict with certainty when additional changes in the healthcare industry in general, or the pharmaceutical industry in particular, will occur, or what the impact of such changes may be.
in addition, abbvie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. abbvie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.
possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls or seizures of abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations.
the health care industry is subject to federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursements, rebates, price reporting and regulation and health care fraud and abuse. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the medicaid rebate statute, the veterans health care act, the u.s. physician payments sunshine act, the tricare program, the government pricing rules applicable to the medicaid, medicare part b, 340b drug pricing program and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of such laws and regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and veterans administration health programs. such violations may also lead to product recalls and seizures, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, delays or denials in the approvals of new products or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, and reputational harm, any of which would adversely affect abbvie's business. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require abbvie to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws and regulations, or allegations of such violations, could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices and restrict its operations.
19       | 2023 form 10-k public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, such as the coronavirus (covid-19), have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on abbvie's operations and financial condition.
public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on abbvie's operations and financial condition. the pandemic caused by the novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) caused many countries, including the united states, to declare national emergencies and implement preventive measures such as travel bans and shelter in place or total lock-down orders. the continuation or re-implementation of these bans and orders remains uncertain. the covid-19 pandemic caused abbvie to modify certain of its business practices, and abbvie may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as abbvie determines are in the best interests of abbvie's employees, patients, customers and business partners.
the international nature of abbvie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. net revenues outside of the united states made up approximately 23% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2023. the risks associated with abbvie's operations outside the united states include:
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs and pricing restrictions;
•multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict abbvie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products;
•differing local product preferences and product requirements;
•trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•political and economic instability;
•price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization and other governmental action and regulation;
•potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-u.s. countries; and
•potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act.
if abbvie does not effectively and profitably commercialize its products, abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected.
abbvie must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand; achieving market acceptance and generating product sales; ensuring that the active pharmaceutical ingredient(s) for a product and the finished product are manufactured in sufficient quantities and in compliance with requirements of the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies and with acceptable quality and pricing to meet commercial demand; and ensuring that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers abbvie's products to its customers. the commercialization of abbvie products may not be successful due to, among other things, unexpected challenges from competitors, new safety issues or concerns being reported that may impact or narrow approved indications, the relative price of abbvie's product as compared to alternative treatment options and changes to a product's label that further restrict its marketing. if the commercialization of abbvie's principal products is unsuccessful, abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected.
abbvie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbvie from time to time pursues acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, joint ventures and strategic alliances, and/or disposes of some of its assets, as part of its business strategy. abbvie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbvie is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbvie may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbvie could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbvie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
additionally, changes in abbvie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, joint ventures, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where appropriate.
abbvie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the united states and, accordingly, its business and results of operations could be adversely affected if they encounter financial or other difficulties.
in 2023, three wholesale distributors (mckesson corporation, cardinal health, inc. and amerisourcebergen corporation) accounted for substantially all of abbvie's pharmaceutical product sales in the united states. if one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with abbvie, and abbvie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.
the amount of debt that abbvie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to abbvie and its investors. these consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of abbvie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow abbvie's business. to the extent abbvie incurs additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase further. in addition, abbvie's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and abbvie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions. for example, it may need to increase its investment in research and development activities. the capital and credit markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption, which may lead to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both borrowers and investors, and abbvie may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. if abbvie loses its investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, abbvie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect abbvie's business. if abbvie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of, or significant disruption to, those systems could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business.
abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems (including cloud services) to operate its business, which are inherently vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. certain of these applications and systems are managed, hosted, provided or used by third parties. data privacy or security breaches of our internal systems or those of our information technology vendors may in the future result in the failure of critical business operations. such breaches may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. to date, neither abbvie's business nor operations have been materially impacted by such incidents, however, the healthcare industry remains a target of cyber-attacks. cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity and, due to the nature of some of these attacks, there
21       | 2023 form 10-k is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. abbvie's investments in the protection of its data and information technology and its efforts to monitor its systems on an ongoing basis may be insufficient to prevent compromises in abbvie's information technology systems that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business. such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue or the loss of critical or sensitive information from abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or information technology systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs. in addition, abbvie's cyber insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of abbvie systems or those of our third-party vendors.
abbvie's balances of intangible assets, including developed product rights and goodwill acquired, are subject to impairment testing and may result in impairment charges, which may adversely affect abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
a significant amount of abbvie's total assets is related to acquired intangibles and goodwill. as of december 31, 2023, the carrying value of abbvie's developed product rights and other intangible assets was $55.6 billion and the carrying value of abbvie's goodwill was $32.3 billion.
abbvie's developed product rights are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. abbvie determines original fair value and amortization periods for developed product rights based on its assessment of various factors impacting estimated useful lives and cash flows of the acquired products. significant adverse changes to any of these factors require abbvie to perform an impairment test on the affected asset and, if evidence of impairment exists, require abbvie to take an impairment charge with respect to the asset. for assets that are not impaired, abbvie may adjust the remaining useful lives. such a charge could adversely affect abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
abbvie's other significant intangible assets include in-process research and development (ipr&d) intangible projects, acquired in recent business combinations, which are indefinite-lived intangible assets. for ipr&d assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets ultimately will yield successful products. abbvie's ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market conditions. as such, ipr&d assets may become impaired and/or be written off at some point in the future if the associated research and development effort is abandoned or is curtailed.
goodwill and abbvie's ipr&d intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or when events occur, or circumstances change that could potentially reduce the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset. impairment testing compares the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset to its carrying amount. a goodwill or ipr&d impairment, if any, would be recorded in operating income and could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could affect abbvie's ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
abbvie's success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract, develop and retain diverse, highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense and increasing. abbvie cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or unregistered versions of abbvie products could have a material adverse impact on its reputation, business and results of operations.
third parties may illegally obtain, distribute, and sell counterfeit or illegally diverted from their intended market versions of abbvie products. these versions of product would not meet abbvie's rigorous manufacturing, testing, distribution and quality standards. a patient who receives a counterfeit, stolen, or diverted drug may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. the prevalence of counterfeit/diverted medicines is an industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including the adoption of e-commerce, which increased during the covid-19 pandemic, greatly enhancing consumers' ability to obtain prescriptions and other medical treatments via the internet in lieu of traditional brick and mortar pharmacies. this can expose patients to greater risks as the internet is a preferred vehicle for dangerous counterfeit/diverted product offers and scams because of the anonymity it affords. abbvie's reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or diverted drugs sold under its brand name which may also result in reduced revenues that could negatively affect our results of operation.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbvie's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including:
•changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards, data privacy laws, particularly in the european union and the united states and environmental laws;
•differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pension and post-employment benefits, stock-based compensation, intangibles and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation and contingent consideration, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbvie's equity investments and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;
•changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbvie or its employee benefit trusts;
•environmental liabilities in connection with abbvie's manufacturing processes and distribution logistics, including the handling of hazardous materials;
•changes in the ability of third parties that provide information technology, accounting, human resources, payroll and other outsourced services to abbvie to meet their contractual obligations to abbvie;
•the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving environmental, social and governance objectives;
•information loss or damage to abbvie's reputation, brand, image or goodwill due to increased use of social media platforms;
•business interruptions stemming from natural disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fires, or efforts taken by third parties to prevent or mitigate such disasters; and
•changes in business, economic and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.
risks related to abbvie's common stock abbvie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock or the repurchase of its common stock.
although abbvie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. for more information, see item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities." abbvie's ability to pay dividends and repurchase shares under its share repurchase program will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.
in the future, a stockholder's percentage ownership in abbvie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity awards that abbvie will be granting to abbvie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions or other purposes. abbvie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees. such awards will have a dilutive effect on abbvie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of abbvie's common stock. from time to time, abbvie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under abbvie's employee benefits plans.
23       | 2023 form 10-k in addition, abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes abbvie to issue, without the approval of abbvie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over abbvie's common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as abbvie's board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of abbvie's common stock. for example, abbvie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of abbvie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences abbvie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of abbvie, which could decrease the trading price of abbvie's common stock.
abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by encouraging prospective acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•the inability of abbvie's stockholders to call a special meeting;
•the division of abbvie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;
•a provision that stockholders may only remove directors for cause;
•the ability of abbvie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on abbvie's board of directors; and
•the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of abbvie's voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and abbvie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of abbvie's directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.
abbvie believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors and by providing abbvie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that abbvie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of abbvie and abbvie's stockholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward-looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions and uses of future or conditional verbs, generally identify "forward looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. the matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. in particular, information included under item 1, "business," item 1a, "risk factors," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" contain forward looking statements. where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed or implied, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of abbvie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include, but are not limited to, the matters described under item 1a, "risk factors" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." abbvie does not undertake, and specifically declines, any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless abbvie is required by applicable securities law to do so.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operationsthe following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company). this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." this section of form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, diversified research-based biopharmaceutical company positioned for success with a comprehensive product portfolio that has leadership positions across immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care. abbvie uses its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. certain products (including aesthetic products and devices) are also sold directly to physicians and other licensed healthcare providers. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to retailers, pharmacies, patients or other customers. outside the united states, abbvie sells products primarily to wholesalers or through distributors, and depending on the market works through largely centralized national payers systems to agree on reimbursement terms. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie operates as a single global business segment and has approximately 50,000 employees.
2024 strategic objectives abbvie's mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. abbvie intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission in a number of ways, including: (i) maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers; (ii) leveraging abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches; (iii) continuing to invest in and expand its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iv) generating substantial operating cash flows to support investment in innovative research and development, and return cash to shareholders via a strong and growing dividend while also continuing to repay debt. in addition, abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months.
abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through:
•skyrizi and rinvoq revenue growth driven by increasing market share and skyrizi indication expansion.
•successful integration of the immunogen, inc. and proposed cerevel therapeutics acquisitions.
•advancing our oncology portfolio driven by venclexta, strong commercial execution of epkinly, elahere and other new product launches and effectively managing regulatory, market and competitive challenges impacting imbruvica.
•aesthetics revenue growth driven by global expansion, increasing market penetration of botox and juvederm collection and strong commercial execution of new product launches.
•maximizing abbvie's existing eye care portfolio.
•the favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review where approval is expected in 2024. these products are described in greater detail in the section labeled "research and development" included as part of this item 7.
2023 financial results abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. the company's financial performance in 2023 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $54.3 billion, operating earnings of $12.8 billion, diluted earnings per share of $2.72 and cash flows from operations of $22.8 billion. worldwide net revenues decreased by 6% on a reported and constant currency basis due to humira biosimilar competition which was partially offset by growth across the non-humira product portfolio.
diluted earnings per share in 2023 was $2.72 and included the following after-tax costs: (i) $6.7 billion related to the amortization of intangible assets; (ii) $5.0 billion for the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; (iii) $3.5 billion related to intangible asset impairment; and (iv) $122 million of acquisition and integration expenses. these costs were partially offset by an after-tax gain of $381 million related to a favorable settlement of a litigation matter. additionally, financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of abbvie's pipeline assets and continued investment in abbvie's on-market brands.
regulation the inflation reduction act of 2022 has and will continue to have a significant impact on how drugs are covered and paid for under the medicare program, including through the creation of financial penalties for drugs whose price increases outpace inflation, the redesign of medicare part d benefits to shift a greater portion of the costs to manufacturers, and through government price-setting for certain medicare part b and part d drugs. in 2023, imbruvica was selected as one of the first 10 medicines subject to government-set prices beginning in 2026. the price-setting process will conclude in 2024 and the centers for medicare & medicaid services will publish prices that will be applicable to the 10 selected drugs beginning in 2026. it is possible that more of our products, including products that generate substantial revenues, could be selected in future years, which could, among other things, accelerate revenue erosion prior to expiration of intellectual property protections. the effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products would significantly impact our results of operations. see part i, item 1 "business - regulation - commercialization, distribution and manufacturing," part i, item 1a "risk factors" and note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
research and development research and innovation are the cornerstones of abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline currently includes approximately 90 compounds, devices or indications in development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important specialties as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care. of these programs, approximately 50 are in mid- and late-stage development.
the following sections summarize transitions of significant programs from mid-stage development to late-stage development as well as developments in significant late-stage and registration programs. abbvie expects multiple mid-stage programs to transition into late-stage programs in the next 12 months.
significant programs and developments immunology rinvoq
•in march 2023, the european commission (ec) issued their final decision on the european medicines agency's (ema) review of the benefit-risk of medicines in the jak inhibitor class for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rinvoq. confirming the committee for medicinal products for human use (chmp) opinion, the previously approved rinvoq indication statements were not changed and the dosage and special warnings for all jak inhibitors were updated to include additional information about the risks associated with jak inhibitors.
•in april 2023, abbvie announced that the ec approved rinvoq for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active crohn's disease who have had an inadequate response, lost response or were intolerant to either conventional therapy or a biologic agent.
•in may 2023, abbvie announced that the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approved rinvoq for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active crohn's disease who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more tumor necrosis factor (tnf) blockers.
•in july 2023, abbvie initiated its phase 3 step-up hs study to evaluate efficacy and safety of rinvoq in adults and adolescents with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (hs) who have failed anti-tnf therapy and/or one approved non-anti-tnf inhibitor therapy for hs.
•in august 2023, abbvie initiated its phase 3 select-sle study to evaluate rinvoq in moderate to severe systemic lupus erythematosus.
•in january 2024, abbvie initiated a phase 3 study to evaluate rinvoq in adults and adolescents with non-segmental vitiligo who are eligible for systemic therapy.
•in march 2023, abbvie announced positive top-line results from its phase 3 induction study, inspire, for skyrizi in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis met the primary and all secondary endpoints.
•in june 2023, abbvie announced positive top-line results from its phase 3 maintenance study, command, for skyrizi in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis met the primary and key secondary endpoints.
•in july 2023, abbvie announced results from the head-to-head phase 4 immpulse study that evaluated the efficacy and safety of skyrizi compared to otezla among adult patients with moderate plaque psoriasis (pso) eligible for systemic therapy. in the study, significantly more patients achieved co-primary endpoints with skyrizi versus otezla. skyrizi was well-tolerated with no new safety signals identified.
•in august 2023, abbvie submitted regulatory applications to fda and ema for skyrizi for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis.
•in september 2023, abbvie announced results from the head-to-head phase 3 sequence study that evaluated the efficacy and safety of skyrizi compared to stelara among adult patients with moderately to severely active crohn's disease. in the study, skyrizi met both primary endpoints at week 24 and achieved superiority of endoscopic remission at week 48 versus stelara. in addition, all secondary endpoints achieved statistical significance for superiority versus stelara. skyrizi was well-tolerated with no new safety signals identified.
•in january 2024, abbvie announced phase 2 results showing adults with moderate to severe hidradenitis suppurativa (hs) who had previously failed anti-tnf therapy who received lutikizumab achieved higher response rates than placebo in the primary endpoint of achieving hs clinical response at week 16. based on these data, abbvie will advance its clinical program of lutikizumab in hs to phase 3.
•in march 2023, abbvie initiated a phase 3 clinical trial to evaluate epcoritamab in combination with r-chop compared to r-chop in patients with newly diagnosed diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl).
•in may 2023, abbvie announced that the fda approved epkinly (epcoritamab) as the first bispecific antibody to treat adult patients with relapsed or refractory (r/r) dlbcl.
•in september 2023, abbvie announced that the ec approved tepkinly (epcoritamab) for adults with r/r dlbcl after two or more lines of systemic therapy.
•in november 2023, abbvie announced that the fda granted breakthrough therapy designation to epkinly for the treatment of adult patients with r/r follicular lymphoma after two or more therapies. additionally, the ema has validated a type ii application for tepkinly for the same indication.
•in december 2023, abbvie and genmab submitted a supplemental biological license application to the fda for epcoritamab for the treatment of patients with r/r follicular lymphoma.
•in may 2023, abbvie voluntarily withdrew, in the u.s., accelerated imbruvica approvals for patients with mantle cell lymphoma (mcl) who have received at least one prior therapy and with marginal zone lymphoma (mzl) who require systemic therapy and have received at least one prior anti-cd20-based therapy. this voluntary action is due to requirements related to the accelerated approval status granted by the fda for mcl and mzl. other approved indications for imbruvica in the u.s. are not affected.
navitoclax
•in july 2023, abbvie announced top-line results from the phase 3 transform-1 clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of navitoclax, a bcl-xl/bcl-2 inhibitor, in combination with ruxolitinib in adult patients with primary or secondary myelofibrosis (mf). the combination of navitoclax and ruxolitinib met the study's primary endpoint, demonstrating statistically significant improvement in the number of patients who achieved spleen volume reduction of at least 35 percent at week 24 compared to treatment with ruxolitinib and a placebo. the study did not meet the first ranked secondary endpoint of improvement in patients' total symptom score from baseline to week 24. the company plans to engage with regulatory agencies regarding potential next steps.
•in november 2023, abbvie announced positive top-line results from the phase 2 luminosity trial evaluating telisotuzumab-vedotin (teliso-v) in patients with c-met protein overexpression, epidermal growth factor receptor wild type, advanced/metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer. the results demonstrated a compelling overall response rate per independent central review of 35 percent and 23 percent across c-met high and c-met intermediate patients, with no new safety risks detected. abbvie will discuss with global health authorities the potential to support an accelerated approval.
•in september 2023, abbvie announced top-line results from the phase 3 canova study evaluating the safety and efficacy of venclexta plus dexamethasone (vendex) for patients with t(11;14)-positive relapsed or refractory (r/r) multiple myeloma who have received two or more prior treatments. the data did not demonstrate that the treatment combination significantly improved progression-free survival (pfs), the primary endpoint of the trial. patients receiving vendex showed improvement in median pfs with the combination of study comparator pomalidomide and dexamethasone (pomdex); however, the results did not reach statistical significance. the company is discussing the data with health authorities to further understand the potential of venclexta as a biomarker-driven therapy in multiple myeloma.
•in september 2023, abbvie announced positive top-line results from the second of three phase 3 clinical studies evaluating botox cosmetic for the treatment of moderate to severe platysma prominence associated with platysma muscle activity. all primary and secondary endpoints were met in the second phase 3 study and results were consistent with findings from the first phase 3 study.
•in december 2023, abbvie submitted regulatory application to the fda for botox cosmetic for the treatment of moderate to severe platysma prominence associated with platysma muscle activity.
•in october 2023, abbvie announced positive top-line results from two pivotal phase 3 clinical studies evaluating trenibotulinumtoxine (bont/e) for the treatment of moderate to severe glabellar lines. all primary and secondary endpoints were met for both phase 3 studies and results support bont/e as a novel botulinum neurotoxin serotype e characterized by a rapid onset of action as early as 8 hours after administration and short duration of effect within 2-3 weeks.
•in april 2023, abbvie announced that the fda approved qulipta for the preventive treatment of chronic migraine in adults.
•in august 2023, abbvie announced that the ec approved aquipta (qulipta) for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults who have four or more migraine days per month.
•in march 2023, abbvie announced that the fda issued a complete response letter (crl) for the new drug application (nda) for abbv-951 (foscarbidopa/foslevodopa) for the treatment of motor fluctuations in adults with advanced parkinson's disease. in its letter, the fda requested additional information about the device (pump) as part of the nda review. the crl did not request that abbvie conduct additional efficacy and safety trials related to the drug.
•in december 2023, abbvie submitted the complete response resubmission for nda for abbv-951.
•in january 2024, abbvie announced the launch of produodopa (abbv-951) in the european union for the treatment of advanced parkinson's disease with severe motor fluctuations and hyperkinesia (excessive movement) or dyskinesia (involuntary movement), and when available combinations of parkinson's medicinal products have not given satisfactory results.
37       | 2023 form 10-k results of operations net revenues the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and current periods. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
percent change at actual currency rates                            at constant currency rates years ended (dollars in millions)                  2023   2022                    2021                                     2023                          2022                    2023                          2022
united states                               $41,883                  $45,713                 $43,510                 (8.4)    %                      5.1    %              (8.4)    %                      5.1    %
percent change at actual currency rates                                  at constant currency rates years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                                2023                    2022                    2021                       2023                             2022                       2023                             2022
immunology humira                        united states                            $12,160                 $18,619                 $17,330                  (34.7)     %                        7.4     %               (34.7)     %                        7.4     %
skyrizi                       united states                             $6,753                  $4,484                  $2,486                    50.6     %                       80.4     %                 50.6     %                       80.4     %
rinvoq                        united states                             $2,824                  $1,794                  $1,271                    57.4     %                       41.2     %                 57.4     %                       41.2     %
oncology imbruvica                     united states                             $2,665                  $3,426                  $4,321                  (22.2)     %                     (20.7)     %               (22.2)     %                     (20.7)     %
venclexta                     united states                             $1,087                  $1,009                    $934                     7.8     %                        8.0     %                  7.8     %                        8.0     %
epkinly                       collaboration revenues                       $28                      $-                      $-                           n/m                              n/m                        n/m                              n/m international                                  3                       -                       -                           n/m                              n/m                        n/m                              n/m total                                        $31                      $-                      $-                           n/m                              n/m                        n/m                              n/m aesthetics botox cosmetic                united states                             $1,670                  $1,654                  $1,424                     1.0     %                       16.2     %                  1.0     %                       16.2     %
juvederm collection           united states                               $519                    $548                    $658                   (5.4)     %                     (16.7)     %                (5.4)     %                     (16.7)     %
other aesthetics              united states                             $1,060                  $1,122                  $1,268                   (5.6)     %                     (11.5)     %                (5.6)     %                     (11.5)     %
neuroscience botox therapeutic             united states                             $2,476                  $2,255                  $2,012                     9.8     %                       12.1     %                  9.8     %                       12.1     %
vraylar                       united states                             $2,755                  $2,037                  $1,728                    35.2     %                       17.9     %                 35.2     %                       17.9     %
duodopa                       united states                                $97                     $95                    $102                     3.0     %                      (6.7)     %                  3.0     %                      (6.7)     %
ubrelvy                       united states                               $803                    $680                    $552                    18.2     %                       23.2     %                 18.2     %                       23.2     %
qulipta                       united states                               $405                    $158                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                      &gt;100.0 %                &gt;100.0 %                      &gt;100.0 %
39       | 2023 form 10-k percent change at actual currency rates                                at constant currency rates years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                                2023                    2022                    2021                      2023                            2022                      2023                            2022
other neuroscience            united states                               $254                    $456                    $667                  (44.4)    %                     (30.5)    %               (44.4)    %                     (30.5)    %
eye care ozurdex                       united states                               $143                    $139                    $130                     2.7    %                        6.9    %                  2.7    %                        6.9    %
lumigan/ganfort               united states                               $173                    $242                    $273                  (28.4)    %                     (11.0)    %               (28.4)    %                     (11.0)    %
alphagan/combigan             united states                               $121                    $202                    $373                  (40.1)    %                     (45.8)    %               (40.1)    %                     (45.8)    %
restasis                      united states                               $382                    $621                  $1,234                  (38.5)    %                     (49.6)    %               (38.5)    %                     (49.6)    %
other eye care                united states                               $433                    $399                    $393                     9.0    %                        0.8    %                  9.0    %                        0.8    %
other key products mavyret                       united states                               $659                    $755                    $754                  (12.7)    %                        0.2    %               (12.7)    %                        0.2    %
creon                         united states                             $1,268                  $1,278                  $1,191                   (0.8)    %                        7.3    %                (0.8)    %                        7.3    %
linzess/constella             united states                             $1,073                  $1,003                  $1,006                     7.1    %                      (0.4)    %                  7.1    %                      (0.4)    %
global humira sales decreased 32% in 2023. in the united states, humira sales decreased 35% in 2023 primarily driven by direct biosimilar competition following loss of exclusivity on january 31, 2023. internationally, humira revenues decreased 12% in 2023 primarily driven by the continued impact of direct biosimilar competition. abbvie continues to pursue strategies to maintain broad formulary access of humira and manage the impact of biosimilar erosion.
net revenues for skyrizi increased 51% in 2023 primarily driven by continued strong market share uptake as well as market growth across all indications, partially offset by unfavorable pricing.
net revenues for rinvoq increased 58% in 2023 primarily driven by continued strong market share uptake as well as market growth across all indications, partially offset by unfavorable pricing.
net revenues for imbruvica represent product revenues in the united states and collaboration revenues outside of the united states related to abbvie's 50% share of imbruvica profit. abbvie's global imbruvica revenues decreased 21% in 2023 primarily driven by decreased demand and lower market share in the united states as well as decreased collaboration revenues.
net revenues for venclexta increased 15% in 2023. in the united states, venclexta net revenues increased 8% driven by continued market growth across all indications, market share uptake as well as favorable pricing. internationally, venclexta net revenues increased 22% primarily driven by continued market share uptake and market growth across all indications.
net revenues for botox cosmetic increased 4% in 2023. in the united states, botox cosmetic net revenues increased 1% driven by increased consumer demand due to economic recovery in the toxin market. internationally, botox cosmetic net revenues increased 10% primarily driven by recovery from covid-19 in china and increased consumer demand across other key international markets.
net revenues for juvederm collection decreased 1% in 2023. in the united states, juvederm collection net revenues decreased 5% primarily driven by decreased consumer demand due to economic pressures, partially offset by new product launches. internationally, juvederm collection revenue increased 2% driven by increased consumer demand across key international markets and price.
net revenues for botox therapeutic increased 11% in 2023 driven by market growth and market share uptake, partially offset by unfavorable pricing.
net revenues for vraylar increased 35% in 2023 primarily driven by continued market share uptake as well as market growth. net revenues were also favorably impacted by the regulatory approval of vraylar as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.
net revenues for ubrelvy increased 20% in 2023 primarily driven by continued market share uptake as well as market growth.
net revenues for qulipta increased greater than 100% in 2023 primarily driven by continued strong market share uptake as well as market growth. net revenues were also favorably impacted by the regulatory approval of qulipta for the preventive treatment of chronic migraine in adults.
gross margin percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2023                     2022                     2021                   2023                    2022
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2023 decreased compared to 2022. gross margin percentage for 2023 was unfavorably impacted by intangible asset impairment charges of $3.6 billion primarily related to imbruvica, coolsculpting and liletta, higher amortization of intangibles and changes in product mix, partially offset by the favorable tax law changes in puerto rico.
selling, general and administrative percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2023                     2022                     2021                   2023                    2022
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased in 2023 compared to the prior year primarily due to income of $485 million driven by a favorable settlement of a litigation matter in 2023 compared to litigation reserve charges of $2.5 billion in 2022, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of increased brand investments and lower net revenues primarily driven by the humira loss of exclusivity in the united states.
research and development percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2023                     2022                     2021                 2023                    2022
research and development                                 $7,675                   $6,510                   $6,922                   18   %                 (6)   %
research and development (r&d) expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased in 2023 compared to 2022. r&d expense percentage for 2023 was unfavorably impacted by increased funding to support all stages of the company's pipeline assets and lower net revenues primarily driven by the humira loss of exclusivity in the united states. r&d expense percentage in 2023 was also unfavorably impacted by an intangible asset impairment charge of $630 million.
41       | 2023 form 10-k acquired ipr&d and milestones years ended december 31 (in millions)               2023                  2022                    2021
development milestones                           196                    252                     162
acquired ipr&d and milestones expense in 2022 included a charge related to the upfront payment of $130 million to acquire syndesi therapeutics sa. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other operating expense (income), net other operating expense (income), net included a gain of $169 million in 2023 and a charge of $229 million in 2022 related to a development liability associated with an asset divested as part of allergan acquisition. other operating expense (income), net in 2022 also included $172 million of income related to the sale of worldwide commercial rights of a mature brand pylera. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
net foreign exchange loss                                  $146                    $148                     $51
other expense, net included charges related to changes in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities of $5.1 billion in 2023 and $2.8 billion in 2022. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is impacted by the passage of time and multiple other inputs, including the probability of success of achieving regulatory/commercial milestones, discount rates, the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products and other market-based factors. in 2023, the change in fair value reflected higher estimated skyrizi sales driven by stronger market share uptake, the passage of time and lower discount rates. in 2022, the change in fair value reflected higher estimated skyrizi sales driven by stronger market share uptake and the passage of time, partially offset by higher discount rates.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 22% in 2023, 12% in 2022 and 11% in 2021. the effective income tax rates differed from the statutory tax rate principally due to the impact of foreign operations with lower income tax rates in locations outside the united states, the u.s. global minimum tax, changes in fair value of contingent consideration, tax credits and incentives in the united states, puerto rico and other foreign tax jurisdictions, and business development activities. the effective income tax rate in 2023 was higher than prior periods due to increased changes in fair value of contingent consideration, intangible asset impairments and the impacts of the transition from the puerto rico excise tax to an income tax.
in 2022, puerto rico enacted act 52-2002 (the "puerto rico act") allowing for a transition from a puerto rico excise tax levied on gross inventory purchases to an income-based tax beginning in 2023. the company completed the transition requirements of the puerto rico act in 2022, resulting in the remeasurement of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities based on income tax rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future. the net tax benefit recognized in 2022 from the remeasurement of deferred taxes related to the puerto rico act was $323 million.
our net earnings and cash flows could be affected by future tax policy and law changes in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including changes in tax law related to the projects undertaken by the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd"). these projects include a global minimum tax rate of 15%, referred to as "pillar two", and the creation of a new global system to tax income based on the location to which products are sold, referred to as "pillar one." numerous countries have agreed to a statement in support of the oecd model rules and european union member states have agreed to implement pillar two. this implementation includes aspects of legislation that are effective starting in 2024. more widespread implementation of pillar two is expected to continue, and incremental aspects of the legislation may start in 2025. significant details around the provision are still emerging. these changes increase tax uncertainty and may adversely impact income tax expense in future years. we will continue to monitor pending legislation and implementation by individual countries and evaluate the potential impact on our business in future periods.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31 (in millions)                   2023   2022                      2021
operating activities                             $22,839                    $24,943                   $22,777
investing activities                             (2,009)                      (623)                   (2,344)
financing activities                            (17,222)                   (24,803)                  (19,039)
operating cash flows in 2023 decreased from 2022 primarily due to decreased results of operations driven by lower net revenues and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the timing of working capital. operating cash flows also reflected abbvie's contributions to its defined benefit plans of $366 million in 2023 and $357 million in 2022.
investing cash flows in 2023 included payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $1.2 billion, capital expenditures of $777 million, and net purchases of investments securities totaling $22 million. investing cash flows in 2022 included payments made for capital expenditures of $695 million, other acquisitions and investments of $539 million, $255 million cash consideration paid to acquire djs antibodies ltd offset by cash acquired and net revenues and maturities of investments securities totaling $92 million.
financing cash flows in 2023 included repayment of $1.0 billion floating rate three-year term loan, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.85% senior notes and $350 million aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.80% senior notes. during the quarter ended december 31, 2023 the company also repaid €500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.50% senior euro notes and $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior notes at maturity.
financing cash flows in 2022 included repayment of $3.1 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.9% senior notes, $3.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.3% senior notes, $2.9 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 3.45% senior notes, $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 3.25% senior notes, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 3.2% senior notes and $750 million aggregate principal amount of the company's floating rate senior notes. additionally financing cash flows included repayment of a $2.0 billion floating term loan due may 2025 and issuance of a new $2.0 billion floating rate term loan as part of the term loan refinancing in february 2022.
the company's stock repurchase authorization permits purchases of abbvie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. abbvie repurchased 10 million shares for $1.6 billion in 2023 and 8 million shares for $1.1 billion in 2022. abbvie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was $4.8 billion as of december 31, 2023. on february 16, 2023, abbvie's board of directors authorized a $5.0 billion increase to the existing stock repurchase authorization.
no commercial paper borrowings were issued during 2023 or 2022 and there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2023 or december 31, 2022. subsequent to 2023, abbvie issued commercial paper borrowings of which $1.7 billion were outstanding as of the date of filing this annual report on form 10-k. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed.
credit risk abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance for credit losses equal to the estimate of future losses over the contractual life of outstanding accounts receivable. abbvie may also utilize factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk, although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
43       | 2023 form 10-k credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility in march 2023, abbvie entered into an amended and restated five-year revolving credit facility. the amendment increased the unsecured revolving credit facility commitments from $4.0 billion to $5.0 billion and extended the maturity date of the facility from august 2023 to march 2028. this credit facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. at december 31, 2023, the company was in compliance with all covenants, and commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. no amounts were outstanding under the company's credit facility as of december 31, 2023, december 31, 2022, or december 31, 2021.
in connection with the acquisition of immunogen and proposed acquisition of cerevel therapeutics, abbvie entered into a $9.0 billion 364-day bridge credit agreement and a 364-day term loan credit agreement with an aggregate principal amount of $5.0 billion. no amounts were drawn under the bridge credit agreement or term loan credit agreement as of december 31, 2023.
subsequent to 2023, on february 12, 2024, abbvie borrowed $5.0 billion under the term loan credit agreement. see note 5 and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations or has the ability to issue additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
credit ratings in 2023, moody's investors service upgraded abbvie's senior unsecured long-term credit rating to a3 with a stable outlook from baa1 with a positive outlook and affirmed abbvie's prime-2 short-term credit rating. in addition, standard and poor's global ratings upgraded abbvie's long-term issuer credit rating to a- with a stable outlook from bbb+ with a positive outlook. unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
future cash requirements contractual obligations the following table summarizes abbvie's estimated material contractual obligations as of december 31, 2023:
contingent consideration liabilities(b)            19,890           1,952           17,938
(a)includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using forecasted interest rates in effect at the end of 2023. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2023. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's debt instruments and note 11 for additional information on the interest rate swap agreements outstanding at december 31, 2023.
(b)includes contingent consideration liabilities which are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. potential contingent consideration payments that exceed the fair value recorded on the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these liabilities.
abbvie enters into certain unconditional purchase obligations and other commitments in the normal course of business. there have been no changes to these commitments that would have a material impact on the company's ability to meet either short-term or long-term future cash requirements.
income taxes future income tax cash requirements include a one-time transition tax liability on a mandatory deemed repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries resulting from u.s. tax reform enacted in 2017. the one-time transition tax liability was $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2023 and is payable in three future annual installments.
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits totaled $6.7 billion as of december 31, 2023. it is not possible to reliably estimate the timing of the future cash outflows related to these liabilities. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these unrecognized tax benefits.
quarterly cash dividend on october 26, 2023, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $1.48 per share to $1.55 per share beginning with the dividend payable on february 15, 2024, to stockholders of record as of january 16, 2024. this reflects an increase of approximately 4.7% over the previous quarterly rate. the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends by abbvie in the future is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2023, abbvie entered into a definitive agreement to acquire cerevel therapeutics for a total value of approximately $8.7 billion. the transaction is expected to close in 2024 subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
subsequent to 2023, on february 12, 2024, abbvie completed its previously announced acquisition of immunogen for a total value of approximately $10.1 billion.
in connection with these acquisitions, abbvie entered into several debt and financing arrangements. see note 5 and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
collaborations, licensing and other arrangements abbvie enters into collaborative, licensing and other arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are insignificant in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate future cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these collaboration arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to the company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration abbvie expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. sales, value add and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. abbvie
45       | 2023 form 10-k generates revenue primarily from product sales. for the majority of sales, the company transfers control, invoices the customer and recognizes revenue upon shipment to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit managers, state government medicaid programs, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other government agencies and private entities.
rebate and chargeback accruals are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the related product is sold. provisions for rebates and chargebacks totaled $56.8 billion in 2023, $41.4 billion in 2022 and $33.9 billion in 2021. rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, the applicable price terms and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant.
in order to establish its rebate and chargeback accruals, the company uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, the company tracks sales by product and by customer or payer. the company evaluates inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of its reserves. abbvie regularly monitors its reserves and records adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in the reserve is appropriate. historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings.
the following table is an analysis of the three largest accruals for rebates and chargebacks, which comprise approximately 94% of the total consolidated rebate and chargebacks recorded as reductions to revenues in 2023. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross revenues are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
provisions                                   9,622             11,306                      11,286
provisions                                  11,713             14,119                      13,070
provisions                                  15,153             23,978                      14,191
other allowances other allowances include cash discounts, product returns, sales incentives and other adjustments, which are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the same period the related product is sold. reserves for cash discounts and sales incentives are readily determinable because the company's experience of payment history is fairly consistent. product returns can be reliably estimated based on the company's historical return experience. cash discounts totaled $2.0 billion in 2023, $1.8 billion in 2022 and $1.6 billion in 2021. allowances other than cash discounts are not significant.
pension and other post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the pension and other post-employment benefit plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates and are disclosed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the yield-curve approach reflects the plans' specific cash flows (i.e. duration) in calculating the benefit obligations by applying the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve. abbvie reflects the plans' specific cash flows and applies them to the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve in calculating the service cost and interest cost portions of expense. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate.
abbvie's assumed discount rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans as of december 31, 2023. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2024 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2023:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)        increase                       decrease defined benefit plans net periodic benefit cost                          $(49)                          $70
projected benefit obligation                       (674)                          756
other post-employment plans net periodic benefit cost                          $(6)                            $7
projected benefit obligation                       (53)                            59
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the current long-term rate of return on plan assets for each plan is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2023 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2024. a one percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would increase or decrease the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2024 by $106 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of each plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of december 31, 2023 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2024.
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pre-tax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss and therefore, the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur between companies in
47       | 2023 form 10-k the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. in-process research and development (ipr&d) acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written off. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event occurs that could result in an impairment. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, the overall financial performance and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease projected cash flows and the estimated fair value of the related intangible assets. future changes to these estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
contingent consideration the fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined as of the acquisition date based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products. contingent consideration liabilities are revalued to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the related contingency is resolved. the potential contingent consideration payments are estimated by applying a probability-weighted expected payment model for contingent milestone payments and a monte carlo simulation model for contingent royalty payments, which are then discounted to present value. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, the time required to achieve the milestones and estimated future sales. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of certain of these inputs, which are disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. changes to the inputs described above could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations in any given period.