item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties, and our actual results and future trends may differ materially from our past or projected future performance. we urge investors to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating the information contained in this report.
risks related to our business and operations we depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks.
market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. the commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. the principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are sustained economic growth and political stability both in developed and emerging markets. demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics and environmental regulations. historically, the airline industry has been cyclical and very competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost competitive. significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. in addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled for delivery over a period of several years, any of these macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts could unexpectedly affect deliveries over a long period.
we enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. commercial aircraft sales contracts are often entered into years before the aircraft are delivered. in order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. our revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of our control. escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues and operating margins in our bca business.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. we can make no assurance that any customer will exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. in addition, fleet decisions, airline consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers. airlines also are experiencing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy has experienced high inflation.
our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our production system conforms to exacting specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards.
the commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with u.s. and non-u.s. suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees of ours and other partners, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. we have experienced and may continue to experience production quality issues, including in our supply chain.
on january 10, 2024, the faa notified us that it has initiated an investigation into our quality control system. this was followed by the faa announcing actions to increase its oversight of us, including conducting (1) an audit involving the 737-9 production line and suppliers to evaluate compliance with approved quality procedures, (2) increased monitoring of 737-9 in-service events, and (3) an assessment of safety risks around delegated authority and quality oversight, and examination of options to move these functions under independent third parties. on january 24, 2024, the faa stated that it will not approve production rate increases or additional production lines for the 737 max until it is satisfied that we are in full compliance with required quality control procedures. we are currently unable to reasonably estimate what impact the january 5, 2024 alaska airlines accident and the related faa actions will have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777x, 737-7 and 737-10, involves risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification and production schedules. we are following the lead of the faa as we work through the certification process, and the faa will ultimately determine the timing of certification and entry into service. in addition, the development schedules of the 737-7 and 737-10 could be impacted by actions resulting from the alaska airlines accident. if we experience delays in achieving certification and/or incorporating safety enhancements, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted.
a number of our customers have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries or rights to reject individual airplane deliveries based on delivery delays. delays on the 737, 777x and 787 programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers having the right to terminate orders, be compensated for late deliveries and/or substitute orders for other boeing aircraft.
we must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. we have previously announced plans to adjust production rates on several of our commercial aircraft programs. in addition, we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. if production rate changes at any of our commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or create significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely deliver components that comply with design specifications to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and/or the financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer.
operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins. our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in additional out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. we and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions and constraints, labor instability and inflationary pressures. we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. these factors have and may continue to reduce overall productivity and adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
if our commercial aircraft fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements and/or potentially required sustainability standards, we could face additional costs and/or lower revenues. developing and manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and reliability standards and/or potentially required sustainability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, can be costly and technologically challenging. these challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft programs. any failure of any boeing aircraft to satisfy performance or reliability requirements could result in disruption to our operations, higher costs and/or lower revenues.
changes in levels of u.s. government defense spending or acquisition priorities, as well as significant delays in u.s. government appropriations, could negatively impact our business, financial position and results of operations.
we derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the u.s. government, primarily from defense related programs with the united states department of defense (u.s. dod). levels of u.s. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, u.s. national security strategy, u.s. foreign policy, the domestic political environment, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the u.s. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and appropriations bills. the government may also constrain discretionary spending by instituting enforceable spending caps.
the timeliness of annual appropriations for u.s. government departments and agencies remains a recurrent risk. congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more continuing resolutions, which could delay new programs or competitions and/or negatively impact the execution of certain program activities. a lapse in appropriations for government departments or agencies would result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact our operations. in the event of a prolonged shutdown, requirements to furlough employees in the u.s. dod, the department of transportation, including the faa, or other government agencies could result in payment delays, impair our ability to deliver commercial airplanes or perform work on existing contracts, delays in the certification of new aircraft or otherwise impact our operations, negatively impact future orders, and/or cause other disruptions or delays. there is uncertainty regarding which government functions would shut down or continue operations during a lapse in appropriations, and corresponding uncertainty regarding the extent or magnitude of potential impacts to our operations. for additional information on u.s. government appropriations and budgets, see "management's discussion & analysis - additional considerations - u.s. government funding" on page 28 of this form 10-k.
in addition, there continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-level appropriations for the u.s. dod and other government agencies (including nasa), including changes to national security and defense priorities, and tension between modernization investments, sustainment investments, and investments in new technologies or emergent capabilities. future investment priority changes or budget cuts, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or delays of existing contracts or programs or future program opportunities. any of these impacts could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
as a result of the significant ongoing uncertainty with respect to both u.s. defense spending and the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, we also expect the u.s. dod to continue to emphasize affordability, innovation, cybersecurity and delivery of technical data and software in its procurement processes, including the implementation of cybersecurity compliance requirements on the defense industrial base, for which the supply chain may not be fully prepared. if we and our suppliers are unable to adjust to these changing acquisition priorities and policies, our revenues and market share could be impacted.
our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials and other components.
we rely on other companies, including u.s. and non-u.s. subcontractors and suppliers, to provide and produce raw materials, integrated components and sub-assemblies, and production commodities and to perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. many of our suppliers are experiencing inflationary pressures, as well as resource constraints and disruptions due to production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. if one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors continue to experience financial difficulties, delivery delays or other performance problems, we may be unable to meet commitments to our customers and our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may continue to be adversely impacted. in addition, if one or more of the raw materials on which we depend (such as aluminum, titanium or composites) becomes unavailable to us or our suppliers, or is available only at very high prices, we may be unable to deliver one or more of our products in a timely fashion or at budgeted costs. we continue proactively working to ensure sufficient material and parts to avoid potential near-term production disruptions, while also working to mitigate the risk of future impacts from disruptions to our supply chain. in some instances, we depend upon a single source of supply. any service disruption from one of these suppliers, either due to circumstances beyond the supplier's control, such as geopolitical developments, or as a result of performance problems or financial difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to our customers or increase our operating costs.
some of our and our suppliers' workforces are represented by labor unions, which may lead to work stoppages.
approximately 57,000 employees, which constitute 33% of our total workforce, were union represented as of december 31, 2023 under collective bargaining agreements with varying durations and expiration dates. for additional information on our principal collective bargaining agreements, see "business - human capital" on page 2 of this form 10-k. we experienced a work stoppage in 2008 when a labor strike halted commercial aircraft and certain bds program production. we may experience additional work stoppages in the future, which could adversely affect our business. we cannot predict how stable our union relationships, currently with 10 u.s. labor organizations and 4 non-u.s. labor organizations, will be or whether we will be able to meet the unions' requirements without impacting our financial condition. the unions may also limit our flexibility in managing our workforce and operations. union actions at suppliers can also affect us. work stoppages and instability in our union relationships could delay the production and/or development of our products, which could strain relationships with customers and result in lower revenues.
competition within our markets and with respect to our products and services may reduce our future contracts and sales.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. in our bca business, we face aggressive international competition intent on increasing market share. in our bds business, we anticipate that the effects of defense industry consolidation, shifting acquisition and budget priorities, and continued cost pressure at our u.s. dod and non-u.s. customers will intensify competition for many of our bds products. our bgs segment faces competition from many of the same strong u.s. and non-u.s. competitors facing bca and bds. furthermore, we are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition, and u.s. procurement and compliance requirements that could limit our ability to be cost-competitive in the international market. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face will not result in reduced revenues and market share.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from non-u.s. sales and are subject to the risks of doing business in other countries.
in 2023, non-u.s. customers, which include foreign military sales (fms), accounted for approximately 42% of our revenues. we expect that non-u.s. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. we are subject to risks of doing business internationally, including:
•changes in regulatory requirements or other executive branch actions, such as executive orders;
•changes in the global trade environment, including disputes with authorities in non-u.s. jurisdictions, including international trade authorities, that could impact sales and/or delivery of products and services outside the u.s. and/or impose costs on our customers in the form of tariffs, duties or penalties attributable to the importation of boeing products and services;
•changes to u.s. and non-u.s. government policies, including sourcing restrictions, requirements to expend a portion of program funds locally and governmental industrial cooperation or participation requirements;
•fluctuations in international currency exchange rates;
•volatility in international political and economic environments and changes in non-u.s. national priorities and budgets, which can lead to delays or fluctuations in orders;
•the complexity and necessity of using non-u.s. representatives and consultants;
•the uncertainty of the ability of non-u.s. customers to finance purchases, including the availability of financing from the export-import bank of the united states;
•uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding credit or guarantees;
•imposition of domestic and international taxes, export controls, tariffs, embargoes, sanctions (such as those imposed on russia) and other trade restrictions;
•the difficulty of management and operation of an enterprise spread over many countries;
•compliance with a variety of non-u.s. laws, as well as u.s. laws affecting the activities of u.s. companies abroad; and
•unforeseen developments and conditions, including terrorism, war, epidemics and international tensions and conflicts.
while the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operations in the future. for example, since 2018, the u.s. and china have imposed tariffs on each other's imports. certain aircraft parts and components that boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. we are mitigating import costs through duty drawback customs procedures. overall, the u.s.-china trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge. china is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. if we are unable to deliver aircraft to customers in china consistent with our assumptions and/or obtain additional orders from china in the future, we may experience reduced deliveries and/or lower market share. impacts from future potential deterioration in geopolitical or trade relations between the u.s. and one or more other countries could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we use estimates and make assumptions in accounting for contracts and programs. changes in our estimates and/or assumptions could adversely affect our future financial results.
contract and program accounting require judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating revenues and costs and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. due to the size and nature of many of our contracts and programs, the estimation of total revenues and cost at completion is complicated and subject to many variables. assumptions have to be made regarding the length of time to complete the contract or program because costs also include expected increases in wages and employee benefits, material prices and allocated fixed costs. incentives or penalties related to performance on contracts are considered in estimating sales and profit rates and are recorded when there is sufficient information for us to assess anticipated performance. customer and supplier claims and assertions are also assessed and considered in estimating revenues, costs and profit rates. estimates of future award fees are also included in revenues and profit rates.
with respect to each of our commercial aircraft programs, inventoriable production costs (including overhead), program tooling and other non-recurring costs and routine warranty costs are accumulated and charged as cost of sales by program instead of by individual units or contracts. a program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates. to establish the relationship of sales to cost of sales, program accounting requires estimates of (a) the number of units to be produced and sold in a program, (b) the period over which the units can reasonably be expected to be produced and (c) the units' expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs for the total program. several factors determine accounting quantity, including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. changes to customer or model mix, production costs and rates, learning curve, changes to price escalation indices, costs of derivative aircraft, supplier performance, customer and supplier negotiations/settlements, supplier claims and/or certification issues can impact these estimates. in addition, on development programs such as the 777x, 737-7 and 737-10 we are subject to risks with respect to the timing and conditions of aircraft certification, including potential gaps between when aircraft are certified in various jurisdictions, changes in certification processes and our estimates with respect to the timing of future certifications, which could have an impact on overall program status. any such change in estimates relating to program accounting may adversely affect future financial performance.
because of the significance of the judgments and estimation processes described above, materially different revenues and profit amounts could be recorded if we used different assumptions, revised our estimates, or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may adversely affect future period financial performance. for additional information on our accounting policies for recognizing sales and profits, see our discussion under "management's discussion and analysis - critical accounting estimates - accounting for long-term contracts/program accounting" on pages 46 - 47 and note 1 to our consolidated financial statements on pages 57 - 67 of this form 10-k.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures/strategic alliances or divestitures.
as part of our business strategy, we may merge with or acquire businesses and/or form joint ventures and strategic alliances. whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these acquisitions and related activities depends, in part, upon our ability to integrate the operations of the acquired business, the performance of the underlying product and service portfolio, and the performance of the management team and other personnel of the acquired operations. accordingly, our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, legacy liabilities, transaction-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets, credit guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported results of operations or financial position. while we believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there is no assurance that these transactions will be successful. we also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. these transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs.
risks related to our contracts we conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to u.s. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks.
in 2023, 37% of our revenues were earned pursuant to u.s. government contracts, which include foreign military sales (fms) through the u.s. government. business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks.
our sales to the u.s. government are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to those regulations could increase our costs. new procurement regulations or climate or cyber-related contractual disclosures, or changes to existing requirements, could increase our compliance costs or otherwise have a material impact on the operating margins of our bds and bgs businesses. these requirements may also result in withheld payments and/or reduced future business if we fail to comply. for example, proposals to raise domestic content thresholds for our u.s. government contracts could have negative impacts on our business. compliance costs attributable to current and potential future procurement regulations such as these could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
the u.s. government may modify, curtail or terminate one or more of our contracts. the u.s. government contracting party may modify, curtail or terminate its contracts and subcontracts with us, without prior notice and either at its convenience or for default based on performance. in addition, funding pursuant to our u.s. government contracts may be reduced or withheld as part of the u.s. congressional appropriations process due to changes in u.s. national security strategy and/or priorities, fiscal constraints, including enforceable spending caps, a sequester or a lack of funding available to pay incurred obligations, or for other reasons. further uncertainty with respect to ongoing programs could also result in the event that the u.s. government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as "continuing resolutions" rather than full-year appropriations. any loss or anticipated loss or reduction of expected funding and/or modification, curtailment or termination of one or more large programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we are subject to u.s. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under u.s. government contracts. u.s. government agencies, including the defense contract audit agency and the defense contract management agency, routinely audit government contractors. these agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies. any costs found to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract will be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, must be refunded. any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business. furthermore, if any audit, inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with the u.s. government. we also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be false.
our bds and bgs defense businesses generated approximately 58% and 65% of their 2023 revenues from fixed-price contracts. while fixed-price contracts enable us to benefit from performance improvements, cost reductions and efficiencies, they also subject us to the risk of reduced margins or incurring losses if we are unable to achieve estimated costs and revenues. if our estimated costs exceed our estimated price, we recognize reach-forward losses which can significantly affect our reported results. for example, during the year ended december 31, 2023, bds recorded $1,585 million of additional losses on its five most significant fixed-price development programs (commercial crew, kc-46a tanker, mq-25, t-7a red hawk, and vc-25b presidential aircraft). we continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption and factory performance. these factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on a number of fixed-price development programs which are expected to adversely affect cash flows in future periods, and may result in future earnings charges and adverse cash flow effects. production and supplier disruptions, inefficiencies, technical challenges, quality issues and labor instability also contributed to lower earnings on fixed-price production programs in 2023. new programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. the long-term nature of many of our contracts makes the process of estimating costs and revenues on fixed-price contracts inherently risky. fixed-price contracts often contain price incentives and penalties tied to performance, which can be difficult to estimate and have significant impacts on margins. in addition, some of our contracts have specific provisions relating to cost, schedule and performance.
estimating costs to complete fixed-price development contracts is generally subject to more uncertainty than fixed-price production contracts. many of these development programs have highly complex designs and technical challenges. in addition, technical or quality issues could lead to schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
our bds and bgs defense businesses generated approximately 42% and 35% of their 2023 revenues from cost-type contracting arrangements. some of these are development programs that have complex design and technical challenges. these cost-type programs typically have award or incentive fees that are subject to uncertainty and may be earned over extended periods. in these cases the associated financial risks are primarily reduced award or incentive fees, lower profit rates or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. examples of programs with cost-type contracts include ground-based midcourse defense, proprietary and space launch system programs.
we enter into contracts that include in-orbit incentive payments that subject us to risks.
contracts in the commercial satellite industry and certain government satellite contracts include in-orbit incentive payments. these in-orbit payments may be paid over time after final satellite acceptance or paid in full prior to final satellite acceptance. in both cases, the in-orbit incentive payment is at risk if the satellite does not perform to specifications for up to 15 years after acceptance. the net present value of in-orbit incentive fees we ultimately expect to realize is recognized as revenue in the construction period. if the satellite fails to meet contractual performance criteria, customers will not be obligated to continue making in-orbit payments and/or we may be required to provide refunds to the customer and incur significant charges.
risks related to cybersecurity and business disruptions unauthorized access to our, our customers' and/or our suppliers' information and systems could negatively impact our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. we face various cyber security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems and networks, denial-of-service attacks, threats to our information technology infrastructure, ransomware and phishing attacks, and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our company-, customer- and employee-sensitive information. these threats come from a variety of actors some of which are highly organized and sophisticated such as nation-state actors and criminal enterprises. in addition, the techniques used in cyberattacks evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of automation and artificial intelligence. as cyber threats increase in volume and sophistication, the risk to the security of these systems and networks - and to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data they house - continues to evolve, requiring constant vigilance and concerted, company-wide risk management efforts.
a cyber-related attack or security breach, whether experienced directly or through our supply chain or third party-service providers, could, among other serious consequences, result in loss of intellectual property; allow unauthorized access to or cause the publication of various categories of sensitive, proprietary or customer data; cause disruption or degradation of our business operations; compromise our products or services; and/or result in reputational harm. to address these risks, we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, contractual arrangements, tools and related services, and management and board oversight. while these measures are designed to prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate unauthorized activity, there is no guarantee that they will be sufficient to prevent or mitigate the risk of a cyber-related attack or incident, or allow us to detect, report or respond adequately in a timely manner.
we have experienced, and may in the future experience, whether directly or through our supply chain, third-party service providers or other channels, cybersecurity incidents. while prior cyber-related attacks and incidents (including those at our wholly-owned subsidiaries boeing distribution, inc. in 2023 and jeppesen inc. in 2022) have not materially affected our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition, there is no guarantee that a future cyber-related attack or incident would not result in significant operational, regulatory, or financial impacts that could materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
in addition, we manage information and information technology systems for certain customers and suppliers. many of these customers and suppliers face similar security threats. if we were unable to protect against the unauthorized access, release or corruption of our customers' or suppliers' confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, we could suffer a loss of business, face regulatory actions or face financial or other losses that could materially affect our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.
business disruptions could seriously affect our future sales and financial condition or increase our costs and expenses.
our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security or our information technology systems, extreme weather (including effects of climate change) or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. any of these disruptions could affect our internal operations or our suppliers' operations and delay delivery of products and services to our customers. any significant production delays, or any destruction, manipulation or improper use of boeing's or our suppliers' data, information systems or networks could impact our sales, increase our expenses and/or have an adverse effect on the reputation of boeing and of our products and services.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters the outcome of litigation and of government inquiries and investigations involving our business is unpredictable, and an adverse decision in any such matter could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of litigation matters. these matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. no assurances can be given that the results of these matters will be favorable to us. an adverse resolution of any of these lawsuits, or future lawsuits, could have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. in addition, we are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, as well as other jurisdictions in which we operate and/or market our products. as a result, we are sometimes subject to government inquiries and investigations due, among other things, to our business relationships with the u.s. government, the heavily regulated nature of our industry, and in the case of environmental proceedings, our current or past ownership of certain property. any such inquiry or investigation could result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities.
we are subject to various u.s. federal, state, local and non-u.s. laws and regulations related to environmental protection, including the discharge, treatment, storage, disposal and remediation of pollutants, hazardous substances and wastes. we could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or regulations. in some cases, we are subject to such costs due to environmental impacts attributable to our current or past manufacturing operations or the operations of companies we have acquired. in other cases, we are subject to such costs due to an indemnification agreement between us and a third party relating to such environmental liabilities. in all cases, our current liabilities and ongoing cost assessments are based on current laws and regulations. new laws and regulations, more stringent enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new remediation requirements could result in additional costs. for additional information relating to environmental contingencies, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
we may be adversely affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.
increasing stakeholder environmental, social and governance (esg) expectations, physical and transition risks associated with climate change, emerging esg regulation, contractual requirements, and policy requirements may pose risk to our market outlook, brand and reputation, financial outlook, cost of capital, global supply chain and production continuity, which may impact our ability to achieve long-term business objectives. changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations could lead to additional operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon us or our products, require new or additional investments in production systems or product designs, result in additional carbon offset investments or otherwise negatively impact our business and/or competitive position. increasingly stringent aircraft performance standards and requirements including but not limited to manufacturing and product air pollutant emissions, potential carbon pricing mechanisms, and sustainability disclosure requirements in the u.s. and other jurisdictions may result in increased costs or reputational risks and could limit our ability to manufacture and/or market certain of our products at acceptable costs, or at all. for example, certain jurisdictions including the state of california and the european union have enacted legislation which would require more stringent greenhouse gas emissions and climate risk reporting. physical impacts of climate change, increasing global chemical restrictions and bans, and water and waste requirements may drive increased costs to us and our suppliers and impact our production continuity and data facilities.
finally, from time to time, in alignment with our sustainability priorities, we establish and publicly announce goals and commitments to improve our environmental performance, such as our operational goals in areas of ghg emissions, energy, water and waste. if we fail to achieve or inadequately report our progress toward achieving such goals and commitments, the resulting negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation and/or our access to capital.
risks related to financing and liquidity we may be unable to obtain debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments at competitive rates, on commercially reasonable terms or in sufficient amounts.
we depend, in part, upon the issuance of debt to fund our operations and contractual commitments. as of december 31, 2023, our debt totaled $52.3 billion of which approximately $17.7 billion of principal payments on outstanding debt will become due over the next three years. in addition, as of december 31, 2023, our airplane financing commitments totaled $17.0 billion. if we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements, our market liquidity may not be sufficient. these risks will be particularly acute if we are subject to further credit rating downgrades such as those we experienced in 2020. a number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. these factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings and/or changes in demand for our products and services. the occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and contractual or financing commitments.
substantial pension and other postretirement benefit obligations have a material impact on our earnings, shareholders' equity and cash flows from operations, and could have significant adverse impacts in future periods.
many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. potential pension contributions include both mandatory amounts required under the employee retirement income security act and discretionary contributions to improve the plans' funded status. the extent of future contributions depends heavily on market factors such as the discount rate and the actual return on plan assets. we estimate future contributions to these plans using assumptions with respect to these and other items. changes to those assumptions could have a significant effect on future contributions as well as on our annual pension costs and/or result in a significant change to shareholders' equity. for u.s. government contracts, we allocate pension costs to individual contracts based on u.s. cost accounting standards, which can also affect contract profitability. we also provide other postretirement benefits to certain of our employees, consisting principally of health care coverage for eligible retirees and qualifying dependents. our estimates of future costs associated with these benefits are also subject to assumptions, including estimates of the level of medical cost increases. for a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension and other postretirement plan accounting policies, see "management's discussion and analysis - critical accounting estimates - pension plans" on pages 47 - 48 of this form 10-k. although under generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (gaap) the timing of periodic pension and other postretirement benefit expense and plan contributions are not directly related, the key economic factors that affect gaap expense would also likely affect the amount of cash or stock we would contribute to our plans.
we are exposed to liabilities that are unique to the products and services we provide. we maintain insurance for certain risks and, in some circumstances, we may receive indemnification from the u.s. government. the amount of our insurance coverage may not cover all claims or liabilities, and we may be forced to bear substantial costs. for example, liabilities arising from the use of certain of our products, such as aircraft technologies, space systems, spacecraft, satellites, missile systems, weapons, cybersecurity, border security systems, anti-terrorism technologies and/or air traffic management systems may not be insurable on commercially reasonable terms. while some of these products are shielded from liability within the u.s. under the safety act provisions of the 2002 homeland security act, no such protection is available outside the u.s., potentially resulting in significant liabilities. the amount of insurance coverage we maintain may be inadequate to cover these or other claims or liabilities.
a significant portion of our customer financing portfolio is concentrated among certain customers and in certain types of boeing aircraft, which exposes us to concentration risks.
a significant portion of our customer financing portfolio, which is comprised of financing receivables and operating lease equipment, is concentrated among certain customers and in distinct geographic regions. our portfolio is also concentrated by varying degrees across boeing aircraft product types, most notably 717 aircraft, and among customers that we believe have less than investment-grade credit. if one or more customers holding a significant portion of our portfolio assets experiences financial difficulties or otherwise defaults on or does not renew its leases with us at their expiration, and we are unable to redeploy the aircraft on reasonable terms, or if the types of aircraft that are concentrated in our portfolio suffer greater than expected declines in value, our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of operations and financial condition overview we are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems and services. we are one of the two major manufacturers of 100+ seat airplanes for the worldwide commercial airline industry and one of the largest defense contractors in the u.s. while our principal operations are in the u.s., we conduct operations in an expanding number of countries and rely on an extensive network of non-u.s. partners, key suppliers and subcontractors.
our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes (bca), defense, space & security (bds) and global services (bgs). bca is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, safety, quality, efficiency and value to customers around the world. bds integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to customers at reduced costs. our bds strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. bgs provides support for commercial and defense through innovative, comprehensive and cost-competitive product and service solutions.
business environment and trends in 2023, global air traffic largely recovered to 2019 levels with domestic travel continuing to be the most robust and the single-aisle market following closely. international travel has mostly recovered and the wide-body market continues to be paced by the international travel recovery. the transition in the international commercial market from recovery to normal market conditions is progressing slowly as china international travel remains below 2019 levels. we are experiencing strong demand from our airline customers globally.
we and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of production quality issues, global supply chain constraints, and labor instability. we and our suppliers are also experiencing inflationary pressures. we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. these factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
airline financial performance, which influences demand for new capacity, has benefited from the resilient demand for travel. the international air transport association (iata) is estimating 2023 industry-wide profit of $23.3 billion, up from its forecast of $4.6 billion a year ago, primarily driven by north america, europe and the middle east. for 2024, iata is forecasting $25.7 billion in profits for the industry globally. the overall outlook continues to stabilize as we face uncertainties in the environment in the near- to medium-term as airlines are facing persistently high and volatile cost of fuel and tight labor conditions. the global economy is expecting an easing of inflation and interest rates, with regional economic and geopolitical difficulties adding uncertainty to the outlook and the financial viability of some airlines and regions.
the long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. our commercial market outlook forecast projects a 3.5% growth rate in the global fleet over a 20-year period. based on long-term global economic growth projections of 2.6% in average annual gross domestic product, we project demand for approximately 42,595 new airplanes over the next 20 years. the industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, pandemics and increased global environmental regulations.
at bds, we continue to see stable demand reflecting the important role our products and services have in ensuring our national security. outside of the u.s., we are seeing similar solid demand as governments prioritize security, defense technology and global cooperation given evolving threats. we continue to experience production disruptions and inefficiencies due to technical challenges, supplier disruption and factory performance. these factors have contributed to significant earnings charges on fixed-price development programs as well as on a number of mature programs which are continuing to adversely affect margins and cash flows.
at bgs, we expect commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry has largely recovered and transitions to growth. the demand outlook for our government services business remains stable.
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
(1)these measures exclude certain components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense. see pages 43 - 45 for important information about these non-gaap measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
defense, space &amp; security                      24,933                   23,162                  26,540
unallocated items, eliminations and other           (167)                    (191)                   (296)
revenues increased by $11,186 million in 2023 compared with 2022 driven by higher revenues at all three operating segments. bca revenues increased by $7,875 million primarily driven by higher 787 deliveries. bds revenues increased by $1,771 million primarily due to higher revenues on fixed-price development programs. bgs revenues increased by $1,516 million primarily due to higher commercial services revenue driven by market recovery across the commercial portfolio.
revenues increased by $4,322 million in 2022 compared with 2021 driven by higher revenues at bca and bgs, partially offset by lower revenues at bds. bca revenues increased by $6,312 million primarily driven by higher 737 and 787 deliveries. bgs revenues increased by $1,283 million primarily due to higher commercial services volume, partially offset by lower government services volume and performance. bds revenues decreased by $3,378 million primarily due to charges on fixed-price development programs, unfavorable performance across other defense programs, and lower p-8 and weapons volume.
revenues will continue to be significantly impacted until the global supply chain stabilizes, labor instability diminishes, and deliveries ramp up.
defense, space &amp; security                             (1,764)                    (3,544)                     1,544
unallocated items, eliminations and other                 (1,759)                    (1,504)                   (1,227)
(1)    the fas/cas service cost adjustment represents the difference between the fas pension and postretirement service costs calculated under gaap and costs allocated to the business segments.
loss from operations decreased by $2,746 million in 2023 compared with 2022. bds loss from operations decreased by $1,780 million compared to the same period in 2022, primarily due to a reduction in net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, which were $2,328 million better than the net unfavorable impact in the prior year. bca loss from operations decreased by $706 million reflecting higher deliveries and lower period expenses including lower abnormal production costs, partially offset by higher spending on research and development. bgs earnings from operations increased by $602 million in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. loss from operations on unallocated items, eliminations and other increased by $255 million in 2023 primarily due to higher deferred compensation expense.
loss from operations increased by $649 million in 2022 compared with 2021. bds had a loss from operations of $3,544 million compared with earnings of $1,544 million during 2021, primarily due to charges on development programs. bca loss from operations decreased by $4,036 million primarily due to the absence in 2022 of the $3,460 million reach-forward loss taken on the 787 program in 2021, higher 737 deliveries and lower abnormal production costs, partially offset by higher research and development spending, charges related to the war in ukraine and other period expenses. bgs earnings from operations increased by $710 million in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher commercial services volume and favorable mix, partially offset by lower government services performance.
core operating loss decreased by $2,833 million in 2023 compared with 2022 and increased by $619 million in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to changes in segment operating loss as described above.
unallocated items, eliminations and other the most significant items included in unallocated items, eliminations and other (expense)/income are shown in the following table:
amortization of previously capitalized interest              (95)                       (95)                     (107)
research and development expense, net                       (315)                      (278)                     (184)
eliminations and other unallocated items                  (1,223)                    (1,134)                     (636)
unallocated items, eliminations and other                ($1,759)                   ($1,504)                  ($1,227)
share-based plans expense decreased by $176 million in 2023 and $60 million in 2022, primarily due to fewer share-based grants and the timing of corporate allocations in 2023. the lower expense in 2022 compared to 2021 was due to decreased grants of restricted stock units (rsus) and other share-based compensation.
deferred compensation expense increased by $305 million in 2023, and decreased by $243 million in 2022, primarily driven by changes in broad stock market conditions.
research and development expense increased by $37 million in 2023 and increased by $94 million in 2022 primarily due to spending on enterprise product development.
eliminations and other unallocated items was largely unchanged in 2023. eliminations and other unallocated expense increased by $498 million in 2022 primarily due to a $200 million settlement with the securities and exchange commission related to the 737 max accidents, lower income from operating investments and an increase in environmental remediation expense.
net periodic pension benefit costs included in loss from operations were as follows:
allocated to business segments                                             ($801)                      ($852)                  ($885)
net periodic pension benefit cost included in loss from operations         ($2)                          ($3)                    ($3)
the pension fas/cas service cost adjustment recognized in loss from operations in 2023 decreased by $50 million compared with 2022 and decreased by $33 million in 2022 compared with 2021 due to changes in allocated pension cost year over year. net periodic benefit cost included in loss from operations in 2023 was largely consistent with 2022 and 2021.
for additional discussion related to postretirement plans, see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.
other earnings items loss before income taxes                                           (2,005)                    (5,022)                   (5,033)
income tax (expense)/benefit                                         (237)                       (31)                       743
less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                (20)                      (118)                      (88)
non-operating pension income included in other income, net was $529 million in 2023, $881 million in 2022 and $528 million in 2021. the decreased income in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to higher interest cost and lower expected return on plan assets, partially offset by lower amortization of net actuarial losses. the increased income in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses in 2022 and a settlement loss recorded in 2021.
for additional discussion related to income taxes, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
total costs and expenses ("cost of sales")
cost of sales, for both products and services, consists primarily of raw materials, parts, sub-assemblies, labor, overhead and subcontracting costs. our bca segment predominantly uses program accounting to account for cost of sales. under program accounting, cost of sales for each commercial aircraft program equals the product of (i) revenue recognized in connection with customer deliveries and (ii) the estimated cost of sales percentage applicable to the total remaining program. for long-term contracts, the amount reported as cost of sales is recognized as incurred. substantially all contracts at our bds segment and certain contracts at our bgs segment are long-term contracts with the u.s. government and other customers that generally extend over several years. cost of sales for commercial spare parts is recorded at average cost.
years ended december 31                         2023                     2022           change                     2022                     2021           change cost of sales                            $70,070                  $63,078          $6,992                   $63,078                  $59,237          $3,841
cost of sales increased by $6,992 million in 2023 compared with 2022, primarily due to higher revenues at bca and bgs, partially offset by lower development charges at bds. cost of sales as a percentage of revenues decreased in 2023 compared to 2022 primarily due to lower charges on bds development programs.
cost of sales increased by $3,841 million in 2022 compared with 2021, primarily due to charges recorded at bds and higher revenues at bca. cost of sales as a percentage of revenues remained largely consistent in 2022 compared to 2021.
research and development the following table summarizes our research and development expense:
defense, space &amp; security             919                      945                     818
research and development expense increased by $525 million in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily due to higher research and development expenditures on the 777x program as well as other bca and enterprise investments in product development.
research and development expense increased by $603 million in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher research and development expenditures on 777x, 737 max, as well as bca and enterprise investments in product development.
defense, space &amp; security                        59,012                     54,373
unallocated items, eliminations and other               807                        846
contractual backlog of unfilled orders excludes purchase options, announced orders for which definitive contracts have not been executed, orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate, and unobligated u.s. and non-u.s. government contract funding. the increase in contractual backlog during 2023 was primarily due to increases in bca and bds backlog. if we are unable to deliver aircraft to customers in china consistent with our assumptions, and/or entry into service of the 777x, 737-7 and/or 737-10 is further delayed, we may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations.
unobligated backlog includes u.s. and non-u.s. government definitive contracts for which funding has not been authorized. unobligated backlog was largely unchanged in 2023.
additional considerations u.s. government funding the continuing resolution enacted on january 19, 2024, continues federal funding at fiscal year 2023 appropriated levels through march 1, 2024, for selected departments and agencies, including the department of transportation, and through march 8, 2024, for the remaining departments and agencies, including the united states department of defense (u.s. dod) and the national aeronautics and space administration (nasa). congress and the president must enact either full-year fiscal year 2024 (fy24) appropriations bills or an additional continuing resolution to fund government departments and agencies after these dates, or a partial or full government shutdown could result. u.s. government discretionary spending in fy24 and 2025 (fy25), including defense spending, was capped by the fiscal responsibility act of 2023 (fra). additionally, a continuing resolution for fy24 or fy25 in place on april 30 of the relevant fiscal year, would trigger a sequester under the fra.
global trade we continually monitor the global trade environment in response to geopolitical economic developments, as well as changes in tariffs, trade agreements or sanctions that may impact the company.
the current state of u.s.-china relations remains an ongoing watch item. since 2018, the u.s. and china have imposed tariffs on each other's imports. certain aircraft parts and components that boeing procures are subject to these tariffs. we are mitigating import costs through duty drawback customs procedures. china is a significant market for commercial aircraft and we have long-standing relationships with our chinese customers, who represent a key component of our commercial aircraft backlog. overall, the u.s.-china trade relationship remains stalled as economic and national security concerns continue to be a challenge.
beginning in june 2018, the u.s. government imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports. in response to these tariffs, several major u.s. trading partners have imposed, or announced their intention to impose, tariffs on u.s. goods. the u.s. has subsequently reached agreements with mexico, canada, japan, the united kingdom, and the european union, to ease or remove tariffs on steel and/or aluminum. we continue to monitor the potential for any extra costs that may result from the remaining global tariffs.
we are complying with all u.s. and other government export control restrictions and sanctions imposed on certain businesses and individuals in russia. we continue to monitor and evaluate additional sanctions and export restrictions that may be imposed by the u.s. government or other governments, as well as any responses from russia that could affect our supply chain, business partners or customers, for any additional impacts to our business.
supply chain we and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of global supply chain constraints and labor instability. we and our suppliers are also experiencing inflationary pressures. we continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain. these factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the current conflict in israel and the gaza strip has the potential to impact certain of our suppliers, and has impacted some operations for our airline and lessor customers. we are closely monitoring developments, supporting our employees and customers, and will take mitigating actions as appropriate.
segment results of operations and financial condition commercial airplanes business environment and trends airline industry environment see overview to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of the airline industry environment.
industry competitiveness the commercial aircraft market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive. continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales potential and long-term investment returns. approximately 78% of bca's total backlog, in dollar terms, is with non-u.s. airlines. we face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. they offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. with government support, airbus has historically invested heavily to create a family of products to compete with ours. after the acquisition of a majority share of bombardier's c series (now a220) in 2018, airbus continues to expand in the 100-150 seat transcontinental market. other competitors are also in different phases of developing commercial jet aircraft, including commercial aircraft corporation of china, ltd. (comac), which delivered its first c919 aircraft in 2022. some of these competitors have historically enjoyed access to government-provided financial support, including "launch aid," which greatly reduces the cost and commercial risks associated with airplane development activities. this has enabled the development of airplanes without broad commercial viability; others to be brought to market more quickly than otherwise possible; and many offered for sale below market-based prices. competitors continue to make improvements in efficiency, which may result in funding product development, gaining market share and improving earnings. this market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years.
research and development                 $2,036                     $1,510                     $1,140
revenues bca revenues increased by $7,875 million in 2023 compared with 2022 primarily due to higher 787 deliveries in 2023.
bca revenues increased by $6,312 million in 2022 compared with 2021 primarily due to higher 737 and 787 deliveries in 2022.
* intercompany deliveries identified by parentheses loss from operations bca loss from operations was $1,635 million in 2023 compared with $2,341 million in 2022 reflecting higher deliveries and lower period expenses including lower abnormal production costs, partially offset by higher spending on research and development. abnormal production costs in 2023 were $1,527 million, including $1,014 million related to the 787 program and $513 million related to the 777x program. abnormal production costs in 2022 were $1,753 million, including $1,240 million related to the 787 program, $325 million related to the 777x program, and $188 million related to the 737 program.
bca loss from operations was $2,341 million in 2022 compared with $6,377 million in 2021. the 2021 loss includes a reach-forward loss on the 787 program of $3,460 million. the improved performance in 2022 also reflects higher 737 deliveries and lower abnormal production costs, partially offset by higher research and development spending, charges related to the war in ukraine and other period expenses. abnormal production costs in 2021 were $2,355 million, including $1,887 million related to the 737 program and $468 million related to the 787 program.
backlog our total backlog represents the estimated transaction prices on unsatisfied and partially satisfied performance obligations to our customers where we believe it is probable that we will collect the consideration due and where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. backlog does not include prospective orders where customer-controlled contingencies remain, such as the customer receiving approval from its board of directors, shareholders or government or completing financing arrangements. all such contingencies must be satisfied or have expired prior to recording a new firm order even if satisfying such conditions is highly probable. backlog excludes options and boeing customer financing orders as well as orders where customers have the unilateral right to terminate. a number of our customers may have contractual remedies, including rights to reject individual airplane deliveries if the actual delivery date is significantly later than the contractual delivery date. we address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. the value of orders in backlog is adjusted as changes to price and schedule are agreed to with customers and is reported in accordance with the requirements of accounting standards codification (asc) 606.
bca total backlog of $440,507 million at december 31, 2023 increased from $329,824 million at december 31, 2022, reflecting new orders in excess of deliveries and a decrease in the value of existing orders that in our assessment do not meet the accounting requirements of asc 606 for inclusion in backlog, partially offset by order cancellations. aircraft order cancellations during the year ended december 31, 2023 totaled $12,925 million and primarily relate to 737 and 777x aircraft. the net asc 606 adjustments for the year ended december 31, 2023 resulted in an increase to backlog of $20,605 million primarily due to a net decrease of 777x and 737 aircraft. asc 606 adjustments include consideration of aircraft orders where a customer-controlled contingency may exist, as well as an assessment of whether the customer is committed to perform, impacts of geopolitical events or related sanctions, or whether it is probable that the customer will pay the full amount of consideration when it is due. if we are unable to deliver aircraft to customers in china consistent with our assumptions, and/or entry into service of the 777x, 737-7 and/or 737-10 is further delayed, we may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations.
accounting quantity the accounting quantity is our estimate of the quantity of airplanes that will be produced for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. the determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates of the revenue and cost of existing and anticipated contracts. it is a key determinant of the gross margins we recognize on sales of individual airplanes throughout a program's life. estimation of each program's accounting quantity takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for that program, including firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. we review our program accounting quantities quarterly.
the accounting quantity for each program may include units that have been delivered, undelivered units under contract and units anticipated to be under contract in the reasonable future (anticipated orders). in developing total program estimates, all of these items within the accounting quantity must be considered.
the following table provides details of the accounting quantities and firm orders by program as of december 31. cumulative firm orders represent the cumulative number of commercial jet aircraft deliveries plus undelivered firm orders. firm orders include military derivative aircraft that are not included in program accounting quantities. all revenues and costs associated with military derivative aircraft production are reported in the bds segment.
program accounting quantities                   11,600                1,574                1,279                1,790              500                    1,700
undelivered units under firm orders              4,332                                       104                   48                  416                  726           (8)
cumulative firm orders                          12,860                1,573                1,407                1,775                  416                1,836
program accounting quantities                   10,800                1,574                1,267                1,790                  400                1,600
undelivered units under firm orders              3,653                    1                  106                   69                  244                  505           (8)
cumulative firm orders                          11,785                1,573                1,377                1,770                  244                1,542
program accounting quantities                   10,400                1,574                1,243                1,750                  350                1,500
undelivered units under firm orders              3,414                    6                  108                   58                  253                  411      (14)
cumulative firm orders                          11,159                1,573                1,346                1,735                  253                1,417
† boeing customer financing aircraft orders are identified in parentheses.
737 program the accounting quantity for the 737 program increased by 800 units during 2023 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. we are currently producing at a rate of 38 per month.
on january 5, 2024, an alaska airlines 737-9 flight made an emergency landing after a mid-exit door plug detached in flight. following the accident, the federal aviation administration (faa) grounded and required inspections of all 737-9 aircraft with a mid-exit door plug, which constitute the large majority of the approximately 220 737-9 aircraft in the in-service fleet. on january 24, 2024, the faa approved an enhanced maintenance and inspection process that must be performed on each of the grounded 737-9 aircraft. our 737-9 operators have begun returning their fleets to service, and many 737-9s have completed inspections and resumed revenue flights. all 737-9 aircraft in production will undergo this same enhanced inspection process prior to delivery.
on january 10, 2024, the faa notified boeing that the faa has initiated an investigation into boeing's quality control system. this was followed by the faa announcing actions to increase its oversight of boeing, including conducting:
1.an audit involving the 737-9 production line and its suppliers to evaluate boeing's compliance with approved quality procedures,
2.increased monitoring of boeing's 737-9 in-service events, and
3.an assessment of safety risks around delegated authority and quality oversight, and examination of options to move these functions under independent third parties.
on january 24, 2024, the faa stated that it will not approve production rate increases or additional production lines for the 737 max until it is satisfied that boeing is in full compliance with required quality control procedures.
we are following the lead of the faa as we work through the certification process of the 737-7 and 737-10 models. we continue to work with the faa on open actions to support 737-7 certification. during the fourth quarter of 2023, the 737-10 program received approval from the faa to begin the first phase of faa certification flight testing. at december 31, 2023, we had approximately 35 737-7 and 737-10 aircraft in inventory. we are now planning to incorporate engineering solutions to the de-icing systems on the 737-7 and 737-10, which will delay certification and first deliveries.
we are currently unable to reasonably estimate what impact the accident, the related faa actions and certification delays will have on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
during the third quarter of 2023, we discovered non-conforming holes in the aft pressure dome of certain 737-7, 737-8 and 737 military derivative aircraft. rework on non-conforming fuselages with our supplier is complete and newly built aircraft meet our specifications. we do not expect inspection of completed aircraft in inventory to result in significant rework or production disruption.
as of december 31, 2023, we had approximately 140 737-8 aircraft in inventory that were produced prior to 2023, including 85 aircraft for customers in china. return-to-service of the china 737 max fleet is complete. while there continues to be uncertainty, we are continuing to work with airlines and government officials on delivery timing and expect to deliver most of the aircraft in inventory by the end of 2024. in the event that we are unable to deliver aircraft consistent with our assumptions, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
see further discussion of the 737 max in note 7, note 13 and note 23 to our consolidated financial statements.
747 program we completed production of the 747 in the fourth quarter of 2022 and delivery of the last aircraft occurred in february 2023. ending production of the 747 did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
767 program the accounting quantity for the 767 program increased by 12 units during 2023 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes. the 767 assembly line includes the commercial program and a derivative to support the kc-46a tanker program. the commercial program has near break-even gross margins. we are currently producing at a combined rate of 3 aircraft per month.
777 and 777x programs the accounting quantity for the 777x program increased by 100 units during the year ended december 31, 2023 due to obtaining additional orders for the 777-9 and 777-8. we are currently producing at a combined production rate of 4 per month for the 777/777x programs.
we are following the lead of the faa as we work through the certification process including obtaining approval from the faa to begin certification flight testing. we expect the first delivery of the 777-9 to occur in 2025 and the 777-8 freighter to occur in 2027. first delivery of the 777-8 passenger aircraft is not expected to occur before 2030.
in april 2022, we decided to pause production of the 777-9 during 2022 and 2023, which resulted in cumulative abnormal production costs of $0.8 billion. in the fourth quarter of 2023, the 777x program resumed production.
the level of profitability on the 777x program will be subject to a number of factors. these factors include aircraft certification requirements and timing, change incorporation on completed aircraft, production disruption due to labor instability and supply chain disruption, customer negotiations, further production rate adjustments for the 777x or other commercial aircraft programs, and contraction of the accounting quantity. one or more of these factors could result in reach-forward losses in future periods.
787 program the accounting quantity for the 787 program increased by 100 units during 2023 due to the program's normal progress of obtaining additional orders and delivering airplanes.
during 2023, we delivered 73 aircraft and increased the production rate to 5 per month beginning in october 2023. at december 31, 2023 and 2022, we had approximately 50 and 90 aircraft in inventory that require rework which we expect to complete by the end of 2024.
beginning in 2021, the 787 program lowered production rates and paused deliveries in order to improve production quality and implement changes in the production process designed to ensure that newly-built aircraft meet our specifications. in the third quarter of 2021, we determined that production rates below 5 per month represented abnormally low production rates. this resulted in abnormal production costs, which we expensed as incurred through the third quarter of 2023. we also determined that the inspections and rework costs on inventoried aircraft are excessive and should also be accounted for as abnormal production costs. cumulative abnormal costs recorded through december 31, 2023 totaled $2.7 billion. the costs associated with the remaining rework are not expected to be significant.
fleet support we provide the operators of our commercial aircraft with assistance and services to facilitate efficient and safe airplane operation. collectively known as fleet support services, these activities and services begin prior to airplane delivery and continue throughout the operational life of the airplane. they include flight and maintenance training, field service support, engineering services, information services and systems and technical data and documents. the costs for fleet support are expensed as incurred and have historically been approximately 1% of total consolidated costs of products and services.
additional considerations the development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from employees and other partners. meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. in addition, the introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777x, 737-7 and 737-10, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, production and certification schedules. these challenges include significant global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft. as a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks. factors that could result in lower margins (or a material charge if an airplane program has or is determined to have reach-forward losses) include: changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, changes to price escalation factors due to changes in the inflation rate or other economic indicators, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, capital expenditures and other costs associated with increasing or adding new production capacity, learning curve, additional change incorporation, rework or safety enhancements, operational and supply chain challenges, achieving anticipated cost reductions, additional regulatory requirements in connection with certification in one or more jurisdictions, flight test and certification schedules, costs, schedule and demand for new airplanes and derivatives and status of customer claims, supplier claims or assertions and other contractual negotiations. while we believe the cost and revenue estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations or other financially significant exposure.
defense, space & security business environment and trends united states government defense environment overview in march 2023, the u.s. government released the president's budget request for fy24, which requested $842 billion in funding for the u.s. dod and $27 billion for nasa. the president's budget request does not request funding for f/a-18, v-22, or p-8 production aircraft. the p-8 program continues to pursue u.s. and non-u.s. sales opportunities. in addition, there is ongoing uncertainty with respect to program-level appropriations for the u.s. dod, nasa and other government agencies for fy24 and beyond.
future budget cuts or investment priority changes, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations and/or delays of existing contracts or programs. any of these impacts could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position, and/or cash flows.
non-u.s. defense environment overview the non-u.s. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. bds expects that it will continue to have a wide range of opportunities across asia, europe and the middle east given the diverse regional threats. at the end of 2023, 29% of bds backlog was attributable to non-u.s. customers.
since our operating cycle is long-term and involves many different types of development and production contracts with varying delivery and milestone schedules, the operating results of a particular period may not be indicative of future operating results. in addition, depending on the customer and their funding sources, our orders might be structured as annual follow-on contracts, or as one large multi-year order or long-term award. as a result, period-to-period comparisons of backlog are not necessarily indicative of future workloads. the following discussions of comparative results among periods should be viewed in this context.
deliveries of new-build production units, including remanufactures and modifications, were as follows:
commercial satellites                      5                     4
military satellites                                              1
revenues bds revenues in 2023 increased by $1,771 million compared with 2022. this increase is not indicative of future projected revenue trends. revenues related to bds' five major fixed-price development programs increased by $1,767 million in 2023 compared with 2022. this increase reflects lower unfavorable net cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2023 as well as higher costs incurred in 2023 to complete these contracts. net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2023 were $648 million better than in 2022 largely due to lower charges on development programs in 2023, partially offset by unfavorable performance on other programs.
bds revenues in 2022 decreased by $3,378 million compared with 2021 primarily due to charges on development programs. unfavorable performance across other defense programs and lower p-8 and weapons volume also contributed to the decrease in revenue. cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2022 were $1,858 million more unfavorable than the prior year largely due to charges on development programs.
(loss)/earnings from operations bds loss from operations in 2023 of $1,764 million decreased by $1,780 million compared with $3,544 million in 2022. the decrease is primarily due to $2,863 million of lower charges in 2023 on fixed-price development programs that were partially offset by lower earnings across other programs including satellites and f-15, as well as higher period expenses. during 2023, losses incurred on the five fixed-price development programs totaled $1,585 million compared with $4,448 million in 2022. charges on fixed-price development programs in 2023 included vc-25b ($482 million), kc-46a tanker ($309 million), commercial crew ($288 million), t-7a red hawk ($275 million) and mq-25 ($231 million). loss from operations in 2023 includes a $315 million impact from an agreement with one of our satellite customers which includes customer considerations as well as increased costs to enhance the constellation and meet lifecycle commitments. net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments were $2,328 million better than in 2022.
bds loss from operations in 2022 of $3,544 million decreased by $5,088 million compared with earnings from operations of $1,544 million in 2021 primarily due to unfavorable impacts of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments ($4,284 million more unfavorable in 2022 than 2021). volume and mix and higher research and development also contributed to the year over year earnings decline. charges on fixed-price development programs in 2022 included vc-25b ($1,452 million), kc-46a tanker ($1,374 million), mq-25 ($579 million), t-7a red hawk production options ($552 million), t-7a red hawk engineering and manufacturing development (emd) ($203 million), and commercial crew ($288 million). these were partially offset by charges on the kc-46a tanker ($402 million), vc-25b ($318 million), and commercial crew ($214 million) recognized in 2021. the net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments represent losses incurred on these development and other programs. see further discussion of fixed-price contracts in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
bds (loss)/earnings from operations includes our share of income from equity method investments of $44 million, $13 million and $53 million primarily from our united launch alliance and other joint ventures in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
additional considerations our bds business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. some of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements. in these cases, the associated financial risks are primarily reduced award or incentive fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule or technical performance issues arise. examples of these programs include ground-based midcourse defense, proprietary and space launch system programs.
some of our development programs are contracted on a fixed-price basis. examples of fixed-price development programs include commercial crew, kc-46a tanker, mq-25, t-7a red hawk, vc-25b, and commercial and military satellites. a number of our ongoing fixed-price development programs have reach-forward losses. new programs could also have risk for reach-forward loss upon contract award and during the period of contract performance. many development programs have highly complex designs. as technical or quality issues arise during development, we may experience schedule delays and cost impacts, which could increase our estimated cost to perform the work or reduce our estimated price, either of which could result in a material charge or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition. these programs are ongoing, and while we believe the cost and fee estimates incorporated in the financial statements are appropriate, the technical complexity of these programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions or other financially significant exposure. risk remains that we may be required to record additional reach-forward losses in future periods.
global services business environment and trends the aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering and upgrades; training and professional services; and data analytics and digital services. in 2023, commercial services volume at bgs exceeded pre-pandemic levels. we expect bgs commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry transitions from recovery to growth.
over the long-term, as the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of aircraft. airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties.
the demand outlook for our government services business has remained stable in 2023. government services market segments are growing on pace with related fleets, but vary based on the utilization and age of the aircraft. the u.s. government services market is the single largest individual market, comprising over 50 percent of the government services markets served. over the next decade, we expect u.s. growth to remain flat and non-u.s. fleets, led by middle east and asia pacific customers, to add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at faster rates. we expect approximately 30 percent of the worldwide fleet of military aircraft to be retired and replaced over the next ten years, driving increased demand for services to maintain aging aircraft and enhance aircraft capability.
bgs' major customer, the u.s. government, remains subject to the spending limits and uncertainty, which could restrict the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions.
industry competitiveness aviation services is a competitive market with many domestic and international competitors. this market environment has resulted in intense pressures on pricing, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. continued access to global markets remains vital to our ability to fully realize our sales growth potential and long-term investment returns.
revenues bgs revenues in 2023 increased by $1,516 million compared with 2022 primarily due to higher commercial services revenue driven by market recovery across the commercial portfolio. the net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2023 was $16 million worse than the net favorable impact in the prior year comparable period.
bgs revenues in 2022 increased by $1,283 million compared with 2021 primarily due to higher commercial services volume, partially offset by lower government services volume and performance. the decrease in government services volume is partly driven by the discontinuation of an engine distribution agreement in the second quarter of 2022. the net favorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2022 was $137 million lower than the prior year.
earnings from operations bgs earnings from operations in 2023 increased by $602 million compared with 2022, primarily due to higher commercial services revenue. the net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2023 was $9 million higher than the prior year.
bgs earnings from operations in 2022 increased by $710 million compared with 2021, primarily due to higher commercial services volume and favorable mix, partially offset by lower government services performance. the net unfavorable impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments in 2022 was $148 million worse than the net favorable impact in the prior year.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow summary non-cash items                                                                            4,113                      4,426                     7,851
changes in assets and liabilities                                                         4,089                      4,139                   (6,977)
net cash provided/(used) by operating activities                                          5,960                      3,512                   (3,416)
net cash (used)/provided by investing activities                                        (2,437)                      4,370                     9,324
net cash used by financing activities                                                   (5,487)                    (1,266)                   (5,600)
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                 30                       (73)                      (39)
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $6.0 billion during 2023 compared with $3.5 billion during 2022. net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 included a $1.5 billion income tax refund. the year-over-year improvement in cash provided by operating activities reflects increases in revenues at bca and bgs, higher advances and progress billings ($3.3 billion) and lower payments to 737 max customers ($0.6 billion), partially offset by increased inventories ($2.1 billion). increases in accrued liabilities in both years primarily reflects accrued reach-forward losses on bds programs. changes in assets and liabilities for 2023 decreased by $0.1 billion compared to 2022 primarily driven by unfavorable changes in inventories ($2.1 billion) and accrued liabilities ($2.2 billion), partially offset by increases in advances and progress billings ($3.3 billion). the change in inventories was primarily driven by increased production on the 737 and 777x programs, partially offset by increased deliveries for the 787 program in 2023. the change in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by higher accrued losses on bds fixed-price development programs recorded in the prior year. cash provided by advances and progress billings was $3.4 billion in 2023 as compared with $0.1 billion in 2022. concessions paid to 737 max customers totaled $0.4 billion in 2023 and $1.0 billion in 2022.
the $6.9 billion improvement in cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was primarily driven by improved changes in assets and liabilities of $11.1 billion, partially offset by lower non-cash items of $3.4 billion and higher net loss of $0.8 billion. changes in assets and liabilities for 2022 improved by $11.1 billion compared with 2021 primarily driven by favorable changes in accrued liabilities ($6.6 billion), accounts payable ($4.6 billion) and inventories ($1.5 billion), partially offset by a decrease in advances and progress billings ($2.4 billion) in 2022. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by the accrued losses on bds fixed-price development programs, lower payments to 737 max customers in 2022, and a $0.7 billion payment in 2021 consistent with the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement between boeing and the u.s. department of justice. concessions paid to 737 max customers totaled $1.0 billion and $2.5 billion during 2022 and 2021. growth in accounts payable in 2022 was a source of cash while reductions in accounts payable in 2021 was a use of cash, generally reflecting increases in production rates. inventory improvements were driven by higher 737 max deliveries and resumption of 787 deliveries in 2022. additionally, in 2022 and 2021 we received income tax refunds of $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion. cash provided by advances and progress billings was $0.1 billion in 2022 as compared with $2.5 billion in 2021. the $3.4 billion reduction in non-cash items in 2022 was primarily driven by the $3.5 billion reach-forward loss on the 787 program that was recorded in 2021. net loss for 2022 was $5.1 billion compared with net loss of $4.3 billion in 2021. the $0.8 billion year-over-year increase in the net loss was primarily driven by the absence of an income tax benefit in 2022.
payables to suppliers who elected to participate in supply chain financing programs increased by $0.4 billion in 2023, increased by $0.2 billion in 2022, and decreased by $1.5 billion in 2021. supply chain financing is not material to our overall liquidity. the decrease in 2021 was primarily due to reductions in commercial purchases from suppliers.
investing activities cash used by investing activities during 2023 was $2.4 billion, compared with cash provided of $4.4 billion during 2022 and $9.3 billion during 2021. the increase in use of cash in 2023 compared to 2022 was primarily due to net contributions to investments of $0.7 billion in 2023 compared to net proceeds from investments of $5.6 billion in 2022. the decrease in cash inflows in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to $4.2 billion of higher net proceeds from investments in 2021. capital expenditures totaled $1.5 billion in 2023, compared with $1.2 billion in 2022 and $1.0 billion in 2021. we expect capital expenditures to grow in 2024 compared with 2023.
financing activities cash used by financing activities was $5.5 billion during 2023, compared with $1.3 billion during 2022, and $5.6 billion in 2021. the increase of $4.2 billion compared with 2022 primarily reflects higher net debt repayments in 2023. during 2023, debt repayments net of new borrowings were $5.1 billion compared with $1.3 billion in 2022 and $5.6 billion in 2021.
at december 31, 2023 and 2022 debt balances totaled $52.3 billion and $57.0 billion, of which $5.2 billion were classified as short-term for both periods.
we had 1.7 million, 0.2 million and 0.3 million shares transferred to us from employee tax withholdings in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in 2023 was primarily due to the vesting of a one-time rsu grant awarded to most employees in december 2020. in 2020, we announced the suspension of our dividend until further notice. as a result, we did not pay any dividends in 2023, 2022 and 2021.
capital resources the following table summarizes certain cash requirements for known contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2023, and the estimated timing thereof. see note 12 for future operating lease payments.
we expect to be able to fund our cash requirements through cash and short-term investments and cash provided by operations, as well as continued access to capital markets. at december 31, 2023, we had $12.7 billion of cash, $3.3 billion of short-term investments, and $10.0 billion of unused borrowing capacity on revolving credit line agreements. in the third quarter of 2023, we entered into a $3.0 billion five-year revolving credit agreement expiring in august 2028 and a $0.8 billion 364-day revolving credit agreement expiring in august 2024. the 364-day credit facility has a one-year term out option which allows us to extend the maturity of any borrowings until august 2025. the legacy three-year revolving credit agreement expiring in august 2025, which consists of $3.0 billion of total commitments, and the legacy five-year revolving credit agreement expiring in october 2024, as amended, which consists of $3.2 billion of total commitments, each remain in effect. we anticipate that these credit lines will remain undrawn and primarily serve as back-up liquidity to support our general corporate borrowing needs.
our credit ratings were downgraded in 2020 and remained unchanged as of december 31, 2023. during the fourth quarter of 2023, fitch upgraded our credit rating outlook from stable to positive driven by declining inventory levels, improving production and delivery profile, growing backlog, and forecasted positive free cash flow. during the third quarter of 2023, s&p upgraded the outlook on our credit rating from negative to stable primarily driven by improving deliveries and expected increases in production. during the first quarter of 2023, moody's upgraded the outlook on our credit rating from negative to stable primarily driven by an improvement in operating cash flow and a reduction of 737 and 787 aircraft in inventory.
we expect to be able to access capital markets when we require additional funding in order to pay off existing debt, address further impacts to our business related to market developments, fund outstanding financing commitments or meet other business requirements. a number of factors could cause us to incur increased borrowing costs and to have greater difficulty accessing public and private markets for debt. these factors include disruptions or declines in the global capital markets and/or a decline in our financial performance, outlook or credit ratings, and/or associated changes in demand for our products and services. these risks will be particularly acute if we are subject to further credit rating downgrades such as those we experienced in 2020. the occurrence of any or all of these events may adversely affect our ability to fund our operations and financing or contractual commitments.
any future borrowings may affect our credit ratings and are subject to various debt covenants. at december 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants for our debt and credit facilities. the most restrictive covenants include a limitation on mortgage debt and sale and leaseback transactions as a percentage of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreements) and a limitation on consolidated debt as a percentage of total capital (as defined in the credit agreements). when considering debt covenants, we continue to have substantial borrowing capacity.
pension and other postretirement benefits pension cash requirements are based on an estimate of our minimum funding requirements, pursuant to employee retirement income security act (erisa) regulations, although we may make additional discretionary contributions. estimates of other postretirement benefits are based on both our estimated future benefit payments and the estimated contributions to plans that are funded through trusts.
at december 31, 2023 and 2022, our pension plans were $5.4 billion and $5.3 billion underfunded as measured under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). on an erisa basis, our plans are more than 100% funded at december 31, 2023. we do not expect to make significant contributions to our pension plans in 2024. we may be required to make higher contributions to our pension plans in future years.
for the foreseeable future, we are using common stock in lieu of cash to fund company contributions to our 401(k) plans.
purchase obligations purchase obligations represent contractual agreements to purchase goods or services that are legally binding; specify a fixed, minimum or range of quantities; specify a fixed, minimum, variable or indexed price provision; and specify approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations include amounts recorded as well as amounts that are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial position.
purchase obligations not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial position include agreements for inventory procurement, tooling costs, electricity and natural gas contracts, property, plant and equipment, information technology software and hardware, and other miscellaneous production related obligations. the most significant obligation relates to inventory procurement contracts. we have entered into certain significant inventory procurement contracts that specify determinable prices and quantities, and long-term delivery timeframes. in addition, we purchase raw materials on behalf of our suppliers. these agreements require suppliers and vendors to be prepared to build and deliver items in sufficient time to meet our production schedules. the need for such arrangements with suppliers and vendors arises from the extended production planning horizon for many of our products. a significant portion of these inventory commitments is supported by firm contracts with customers and/or has historically resulted in settlement through reimbursement from customers for penalty payments to the supplier should the customer not take delivery. these amounts are also included in our forecasts of costs for program and contract accounting. some inventory procurement contracts may include escalation adjustments. in these limited cases, we have included our best estimate of the effect of the escalation adjustment in the amounts disclosed in the table above.
purchase obligations recorded on the consolidated statements of financial position primarily include accounts payable and certain other current and long-term liabilities, including accrued compensation.
we have entered into various industrial participation agreements with certain customers outside of the u.s. to facilitate economic flow back and/or technology or skills transfer to their businesses or government agencies as the result of their procurement of goods and/or services from us. these commitments may be satisfied by our local operations there, placement of direct work or vendor orders for supplies, opportunities to bid on supply contracts, transfer of technology or other forms of assistance. however, in some instances, our commitments may be satisfied through other parties (such as our vendors) who purchase supplies from our non-u.s. customers. in certain cases, penalties could be imposed if we do not meet our industrial participation commitments. during 2023, we incurred no such penalties. as of december 31, 2023, we had outstanding industrial participation agreements totaling $24.5 billion that extend through 2034. purchase order commitments associated with industrial participation agreements are included in purchase obligations. to be eligible for such a purchase order commitment from us, a non-u.s. supplier must have sufficient capability to meet our requirements and must be competitive in cost, quality and schedule.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to certain off-balance sheet arrangements including certain guarantees. for discussion of these arrangements, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
commercial commitments the following table summarizes our commercial commitments outstanding as of december 31, 2023.
committed/maximum            1 year           years           years            years amount of loss standby letters of credit and surety bonds                $4,548              $3,150            $1,210             $25            $163
commercial aircraft financing commitments                 17,003               1,946             7,927           4,062           3,068
total commercial commitments                             $21,551              $5,096            $9,137          $4,087          $3,231
commercial aircraft financing commitments include commitments to provide financing related to aircraft on order, under option for deliveries or proposed as part of sales campaigns or refinancing with respect to delivered aircraft, based on estimated earliest potential funding dates. customer financing commitments totaled $17.0 billion and $16.1 billion at december 31, 2023 and 2022. the increase relates to new financing commitments. we anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments as we continue to work with third party financiers to provide alternative financing to customers. historically, we have not been required to fund significant amounts of outstanding commitments. however, there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
contingent obligations we have significant contingent obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business, which include the following:
legal various legal proceedings, claims and investigations are pending against us. legal contingencies are discussed in note 21 to our consolidated financial statements.
environmental remediation we are involved with various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability of $844 million at december 31, 2023. for additional information, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap measures core operating earnings/(loss), core operating margin and core earnings/(loss) per share our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap which we supplement with certain non-gaap financial information. these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the related gaap measures, and other companies may define such measures differently. we encourage investors to review our financial statements and publicly-filed reports in their entirety and not to rely on any single financial measure. core operating earnings/(loss), core operating margin and core earnings/(loss) per share exclude the fas/cas service cost adjustment. the fas/cas service cost adjustment represents the difference between the financial accounting standards (fas) pension and postretirement service costs calculated under gaap and costs allocated to the business segments. core earnings/(loss) per share excludes both the fas/cas service cost adjustment and non-operating pension and postretirement expenses. non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. pension costs, comprising service and prior service costs computed in accordance with gaap are allocated to bca and certain bgs businesses supporting commercial customers. pension costs allocated to bds and bgs businesses supporting government customers are computed in accordance with u.s. government cost accounting standards (cas), which employ different actuarial assumptions and accounting conventions than gaap. cas costs are allocable to government contracts. other postretirement benefit costs are allocated to all business segments based on cas, which is generally based on benefits paid.
the pension fas/cas service cost adjustments recognized in loss from operations were benefits of $799 million in 2023, $849 million in 2022 and $882 million in 2021. the lower benefits in 2023 and 2022 were primarily due to reductions in allocated pension cost year over year. the non-operating pension expense included in other income, net was a benefit of $529 million in 2023, $881 million in 2022 and $528 million in 2021. the lower benefits in 2023 were primarily due to higher interest cost and lower expected return on plan assets, offset by lower amortization of net actuarial losses. the higher benefits in 2022 were primarily due to lower amortization of net actuarial losses and a settlement loss that was recorded in 2021. for further discussion of pension and other postretirement costs, see the management's discussion and analysis on page 26 of this form 10-k and see note 22 to our consolidated financial statements.
management uses core operating earnings/(loss), core operating margin and core earnings/(loss) per share for purposes of evaluating and forecasting underlying business performance. management believes these core earnings measures provide investors additional insights into operational performance as unallocated pension and other postretirement benefit cost primarily represent costs driven by market factors and costs not allocable to u.s. government contracts.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures to gaap measures the table below reconciles the non-gaap financial measures of core operating earnings/(loss), core operating margins and core earnings/(loss) per share with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures of earnings/(loss) from operations, operating margins and diluted earnings/(loss) per share.
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
provision for deferred income taxes on adjustments (3)                0.57                          0.73                          0.61
(1)fas/cas service cost adjustment represents the difference between the fas pension and postretirement service costs calculated under gaap and costs allocated to the business segments. this adjustment is excluded from core operating loss (non-gaap)).
(2)non-operating pension and postretirement expenses represent the components of net periodic benefit costs other than service cost. these expenses are included in other income, net and are excluded from core loss per share (non-gaap).
critical accounting estimates accounting for long-term contracts substantially all contracts at bds and certain contracts at bgs are long-term contracts. our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide.
accounting for long-term contracts involves a judgmental process of estimating the total revenue, costs, and profit for each performance obligation. cost of sales is recognized as incurred, and revenue is determined by adding a proportionate amount of the estimated profit to the amount reported as cost of sales.
due to the size, duration and nature of many of our long-term contracts, the estimation of total revenues and costs through completion is complicated and subject to many variables. total revenue estimates are based on negotiated contract prices and quantities, modified by our assumptions regarding contract options, change orders, incentive and award fee provisions associated with technical performance, and price adjustment clauses (such as inflation or index-based clauses). the majority of these long-term contracts are with the u.s. government where the price is generally based on the estimated cost to produce the product or service plus profit. federal acquisition regulations provide guidance on the types of cost that will be reimbursed in establishing contract price. total cost estimates are largely based on negotiated or estimated purchase contract terms, historical performance trends, business base and other economic projections. factors that influence these estimates include inflationary trends, technical and schedule risk, internal and supplier performance trends, production quality, labor instability, global supply chain constraints, business volume assumptions, asset utilization, and anticipated labor agreements.
revenue and cost estimates for all significant long-term contract performance obligations are reviewed and reassessed quarterly. changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the contract's inception to date revenues, cost of sales and profit in the period in which such changes are made. changes in revenue and cost estimates could also result in a reach-forward loss or an adjustment to a reach-forward loss which would be recorded immediately in earnings. net cumulative catch-up adjustments for changes in estimated revenues and costs at completion across all long-term contracts, including the impact of estimated losses on unexercised options, increased loss from operations by $2,943 million, $5,253 million and $880 million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and were primarily due to losses recognized on the vc-25b, kc-46a tanker, commercial crew, t-7a red hawk and mq-25 programs. these are all fixed-price development programs, and there is ongoing risk that similar losses may have to be recognized in future periods on these and/or other programs.
due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is likely that materially different earnings could be recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change. changes in underlying assumptions/estimates, internal and supplier performance, inflationary trends, or other circumstances may adversely or positively affect financial performance in future periods. if the combined gross margins for our profitable long-term contracts had been estimated to be higher or lower by 1% during 2023, it would have increased or decreased pre-tax income for the year by approximately $300 million.
program accounting program accounting requires the demonstrated ability to reliably estimate revenues, costs and gross profit margin for the defined program accounting quantity. a program consists of the estimated number of units (accounting quantity) of a product to be produced in a continuing, long-term production effort for delivery under existing and anticipated contracts. the determination of the accounting quantity is limited by the ability to make reasonably dependable estimates.
factors that must be estimated include program accounting quantity, sales price, production rates, labor and employee benefit costs, material costs, procured part costs, major component costs, overhead costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and warranty costs. estimation of the accounting quantity for each program takes into account several factors that are indicative of the demand for the particular program, such as firm orders, letters of intent from prospective customers and market studies. total estimated program sales are determined by estimating the model mix and sales price for all unsold units within the accounting quantity, added together with the sales prices for all undelivered units under contract. the sales prices for all undelivered units within the accounting quantity include an escalation adjustment for inflation that is updated quarterly. cost estimates are based largely on negotiated and anticipated contracts with suppliers, historical performance trends, and business base and other economic projections. factors that influence these estimates include production rates, internal and supplier performance trends, production quality, labor instability, global supply chain constraints, learning curve, change incorporation, rework or safety enhancements, regulatory requirements, flight test and certification requirements and schedules, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, customer and/or supplier claims or assertions, asset utilization, anticipated labor agreements, and inflationary or deflationary trends.
the introduction of new aircraft and derivatives, such as the 777x, 737-7 and 737-10, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, certification, and production schedules. these challenges include significant global regulatory scrutiny of all development aircraft. as a result, our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards and achieve or maintain, as applicable, program profitability is subject to significant risks.
to ensure reliability in our estimates, we employ a rigorous estimating process that is reviewed and updated on a quarterly basis. this includes reassessing the accounting quantity. changes in estimates of program gross profit margins are normally recognized on a prospective basis; however, when estimated costs to complete a program plus costs already included in inventory exceed estimated revenues from the program, a loss is recorded in the current period. reductions to the estimated loss are included in the gross profit margin for undelivered units in the accounting quantity whereas increases to the estimated loss are recorded as an earnings charge in the period in which the loss is determined.
the 767, 777x, and 787 programs had near break-even or single digit margins at december 31, 2023. adverse changes to the revenue and/or cost estimates for these programs could result in earnings charges in future periods.
due to the significance of judgment in the estimation process described above, it is reasonably possible that changes in underlying circumstances or assumptions could have a material effect on program gross margins. if the combined gross margin percentages for our commercial airplane programs had been estimated to be 1% higher or lower it would have an approximately $330 million impact on operating earnings for the year ended december 31, 2023.
pension plans many of our employees have earned benefits under defined benefit pension plans. the majority of employees that had participated in defined benefit pension plans have transitioned to a company-funded defined contribution retirement savings plan. accounting rules require an annual measurement of our projected obligation and plan assets. these measurements are based upon several assumptions. future changes in assumptions or differences between actual and expected outcomes can significantly affect our future annual expense, projected benefit obligation and shareholders' equity.
the projected benefit obligation is sensitive to discount rates. the projected benefit obligation would decrease by $1,280 million or increase by $1,425 million if the discount rate increased or decreased by 25 basis points. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on pension cost. however, net periodic pension cost is sensitive to changes in the expected long-term rate of asset return. a decrease or increase of 25 basis points in the expected long-term rate of asset return would have increased or decreased 2023 net periodic pension cost by $150 million. see note 16 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which includes the discount rate and expected long-term rate of asset return assumptions for the last three years.
deferred income taxes - valuation allowance the company had deferred income tax assets of $14,743 million at december 31, 2023 that can be used in future years to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable. the company had deferred income tax liabilities of $10,363 million at december 31, 2023 that will partially offset deferred income tax assets and result in higher taxable income in future years and increase income taxes payable. tax law determines whether future reversals of temporary differences will result in taxable and deductible amounts that offset each other in future years. the particular years in which temporary differences result in taxable or deductible amounts generally are determined by the timing of the recovery of the related asset or settlement of the related liability.
on a quarterly basis, we assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income and reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
this assessment takes into account both positive and negative evidence. a recent history of financial reporting losses is heavily weighted as a source of objectively verifiable negative evidence. due to our recent history of losses, we determined we could not include future projected earnings in our analysis. rather, we use systematic and logical methods to estimate when deferred tax liabilities will reverse and generate taxable income and when deferred tax assets will reverse and generate tax deductions. the selection of methodologies and assessment of when temporary differences will result in taxable or deductible amounts involves significant management judgment and is inherently complex and subjective. we believe that the methodologies we use are reasonable and can be replicated on a consistent basis in future periods.
deferred tax liabilities represent the assumed source of future taxable income and the majority are assumed to generate taxable amounts during the next five years. deferred tax assets include amounts related to pension and other postretirement benefits that are assumed to generate significant deductible amounts beyond five years. the company's valuation allowance of $4,550 million at december 31, 2023 primarily relates to pension and other postretirement benefit obligation deferred tax assets, tax net operating losses, tax credits and interest carryforwards that are assumed to reverse beyond the period in which reversals of deferred tax liabilities are assumed to occur. during 2023, the company increased the valuation allowance by $1,388 million primarily due to tax credits and other carryforwards generated in 2023 that cannot be realized in 2023. until the company generates sustained levels of profitability, additional valuation allowances may have to be recorded with corresponding adverse impacts on earnings and/or other comprehensive income.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.