Since the data breach discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our U.S. and Canadian stores and have rolled out EMV chip card technology in our U.S. stores; we recorded an accrual for estimated probable losses in connection with claims by payment card networks and customer class actions, and we maintained $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage, above a $10 million deductible, to limit our exposure to similar losses. In fiscal 2015, our key initiatives encompassed a customer experience initiative anchored on re-training our store associates on our customer first program and utilizing our second-generation first phones to convert online sales in the aisle and expedite checkout during peak traffic periods, a product authority initiative facilitated by our merchandising transformation, portfolio strategy, assortment planning and pricing tools, and productivity and efficiency driven by capital allocation and continuous operational improvements in our stores and supply chain. Through Project Sync, which is being rolled out gradually to suppliers in several U.S. RDCs, we can significantly reduce our average lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses and improve inventory turns, thereby creating an end-to-end solution that benefits suppliers, transportation providers, RDC and store associates and customers. We continue to focus on interconnecting retail to build a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels, piloting a new commerce platform for all U.S. stores, opening three new distribution fulfillment centers to enable us to reach 90 percent of U.S. customers in two business days or less, fully implementing BOSS via RDC delivery and beginning to roll out BODFS, while improving our mobile experience, investing in digital content and simplifying the online experience to drive seamless omnichannel engagement. We generated $9.4 billion of cash flow from operations, have commercial paper programs allowing borrowings up to $2.0 billion with a $2.0 billion backup credit facility expiring in December 2019, and entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of $1.0 billion to hedge interest rate fluctuations, reflecting our strategic resilience, operational flexibility and capacity to preserve performance under internal and external pressures.