Global and regional economic conditions have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably and our ability to make new investments. Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could negatively impact our net income and cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition. In general, a climate of reasonable interest rates and high levels of liquidity in the debt and equity capital markets provide a positive environment for us to generate attractive investment returns in our funds that generate carry. Periods of volatility and dislocation in the capital markets present substantial risks, but also can present us with opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth. Most of our investments are in equities, so a change in global equity prices or in market volatility directly impacts the value of our investments and our profitability as well as our ability to realize investment gains and the receptiveness of fund investors to our investment products. Many of our investments are in credit instruments, and our funds and their portfolio companies also rely on credit financing and the ability to refinance existing debt; consequently, any decrease in the value of credit instruments that we have invested in or any increase in the cost of credit financing reduces our returns and decreases our net income, and increased credit spreads lead to a reduction in the value of these investments, if not offset by hedging or other factors. While this may cause a decrease in the U.S. dollar values of our assets and portfolio companies outside the United States, we also expect it to create opportunities to invest at more attractive U.S. dollar prices in certain countries. In the event of an exit, losses incurred by U.K. and Greek counterparties could have adverse repercussions across financial markets, which could adversely affect valuations within our European investments. Reduced levels of transaction activity also tends to result in a reduced potential future investment gains, lower transaction fees and lower fees for our capital markets business, which may earn fees in the syndication of equity or debt. We have a long-term investment horizon and the capital deployed in any one quarter may vary significantly from the capital deployed in any other quarter or the quarterly average of capital deployed in any given year, and while we seek to make investments which have an ability to achieve our targeted returns while taking on a reasonable level of risk, we may experience periods of reduced investment activity. If such declines in commodity prices persist or worsen or if they are not offset by other factors, we would expect the value of our energy real asset investments to be adversely impacted. Equity market volatility, as evidenced by the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index, has increased meaningfully, adversely impacting, at least for the time being, the overall value of our equity investments, in particular our publicly traded securities. Our access to financing under various credit facilities and other borrowing arrangements, our ability to redirect capital commitments and our diversified segment structure collectively support our efforts to preserve or improve functioning despite adverse internal or external variations and disturbances.