We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally, and a significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices.  Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales, and we continue to focus on affordability initiatives.  We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases.  In furtherance of these objectives, we continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers through independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture and internal realignment activities, selectively pursuing acquisitions and equity investments at attractive valuations to expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies, exploring the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization, and routinely conducting discussions, evaluating targets and entering into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures and equity investments.  During the fourth quarter of 2015, we realigned certain programs among our business segments in connection with the strategic review of our government IT and technical services businesses, transferring assets and capabilities to better align with core segments and improve operational flexibility.  In light of the Budget Control Act and deficit reduction pressures, it is likely that discretionary spending by the U.S. government will remain constrained for a number of years; accordingly, we have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas and to lessen our dependence on contracts with the U.S. government by focusing on expanding into adjacent markets close to our core capabilities and growing international sales, although we may not be successful in this strategy.  We have also experienced increased market pressures in our services businesses including lower in-theater support as troop levels are drawn down and increased re-competition on existing contracts coupled with the fragmentation of large contracts into multiple smaller contracts that are awarded primarily on the basis of price, and across most of our business segments have experienced lower volume due to improved product field performance requiring less service support.  We anticipate continued uncertainty regarding government budgets and potential disruptions or terminations of programs, supply chain impacts and contractual actions, including program rescheduling or claims from suppliers, and we expect costs associated with claims from our suppliers and restructuring charges to be recoverable from our customers.  Throughout these dynamics, we believe our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future, and we expect to continue to issue commercial paper backed by our revolving credit facility to manage the timing of our cash flows.