item 1a. risk factors the statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully, in connection with all the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. the risks that follow are those that we think, individually or in the aggregate, are potentially material to our business and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements.
operational and strategic risks our business has been and may continue to be materially and adversely affected by the impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
after covid-19 emerged and spread worldwide, the world health organization declared covid-19 a pandemic in march 2020. national, state and local governments as well as private entities began issuing various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, limitations on business operations, stay at home orders and advisories, and quarantining protocols. the temporary closures of our stores, online businesses, and distribution centers, and additional operating expenses and other impacts from the ongoing pandemic, have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial position, and liquidity. for example, during the time our facilities were closed in the first half of fiscal 2021 and our day-to-day retail operations were suspended, we were unable to generate sales. at the same time, we continued to incur expenses, including labor, occupancy and other costs, such as continued pay for certain associates during closures, continued employee benefits coverage for eligible associates during temporary furloughs at no cost to impacted associates in the u.s. and canada and comparable actions with respect to portions of our tjx europe workforce. as our stores and facilities reopened, we implemented new practices and protocols, including enhanced cleaning protocols, occupancy limitations, and additional health and safety protocols that resulted in additional payroll and continued or increased expenses while potentially impacting sales opportunities. many stores have had additional temporary closures since we began reopening in may 2020, with the vast majority of the closures in europe and canada, and some stores and facilities are currently closed and/or may be closed again in the future, further adversely impacting sales opportunities. some of these pandemic-related expenses and/or operational limits have continued into the beginning of fiscal 2022 and we expect they may continue to some extent in the future. in addition, the pandemic may have changed our associates' willingness or ability to staff our stores and distribution centers or otherwise continue employment as a result of health concerns, economic pressures or otherwise.
further, changes in our customers' willingness to shop our stores, the levels of our customers' spending at our stores, and the more general impact of the ongoing pandemic on the economy and consumer discretionary spending (for example, as a result of erosion in consumer sentiment or the impact of high unemployment or otherwise) have also impacted and may continue to impact our business operations, financial performance, and liquidity. we have seen reduced customer traffic and sales declines in most of our divisions. these declines could continue or accelerate for the remainder of the pandemic and beyond. in addition, market conditions and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy have impacted and may continue to impact the financial viability or business operations of some of our suppliers and transportation or logistics providers, which has interrupted and increased costs for, and may in the future interrupt and further increase costs for, our supply chain and could require additional changes to our operations.
the extent of the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and difficult to predict, including the duration, severity and sustained geographic spread of the pandemic, additional waves of increased infections, the virulence and spread of different strains of the virus, and the extent to which associated prevention, containment, remediation and treatment efforts, including global vaccination programs, are successful.
failure to execute our opportunistic buying strategy and successfully manage our inventory could adversely affect our results.
key elements of our off-price business strategy, including opportunistic buying, operating with lean inventory levels, and frequent inventory turns, subject us to risks. if we do not obtain the right merchandise at the right times, in the right quantities, at the right prices, and in the right mix, our customer traffic and our sales, margins, and other financial results could be adversely affected.
our opportunistic buying strategy places considerable discretion with our merchants. they typically buy throughout the year, with much of our merchandise purchased for the current or immediately upcoming season. our merchants are expected to effectively react to rapidly changing opportunities and trends in the market, to assess the desirability and value of merchandise, and to generally make determinations of how and what we source as well as when and from where we source it. if they do not make assessments accurately or otherwise cannot execute our strategy in an effective or timely way, our customer traffic and our sales, margins, and other financial results could be adversely affected. if our merchandise is not generally purchased at prices sufficiently below prices paid by conventional retailers, we may not be able to maintain an adequate overall pricing differential to full-price retailers, including department, specialty, and major online retailers, at various times or in some reporting segments, banners, product categories, or geographies.
in addition, to respond to customer demand and effectively manage pricing and markdowns, we need to appropriately allocate and deliver merchandise to our stores, maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory in each store, and be flexible in our allocation of floor space at our stores among product categories. we also base our inventory purchases, in part, on our sales forecasts. if our sales forecasts do not match customer demand, we may experience higher inventory levels and need to take markdowns on excess or slow-moving inventory, or we may have insufficient inventory to meet customer demand, either of which could adversely affect our financial performance.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has impacted, and may continue to impact, execution of our opportunistic buying strategy and inventory management. our ability to allocate, deliver and maintain an appropriate mix and level of inventory was also impacted during fiscal 2021 by temporary closures of our stores, distribution centers, and e-commerce sites, including by affecting decisions on mark-downs, pack-away, and perishables, particularly in the second quarter when our stores and distribution centers reopened after the first temporary closures, and by other operational and market changes related to the global pandemic.
if we fail to successfully implement our various marketing efforts or if our competitors' programs are more effective than ours, our revenue or results of operations may be adversely affected.
customer traffic and demand for our merchandise may be influenced by our marketing efforts. although we use marketing to drive customer traffic through various media including television, radio, print, outdoor, digital/social media, email, mobile, and direct mail, some of our competitors may expend more for their programs than we do, or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. further, we may not effectively develop or implement strategies with respect to rapidly evolving digital communication channels. if our marketing efforts are not as successful or cost effective as anticipated, our revenue and results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure to identify consumer trends and preferences, or to otherwise meet customer demand or expectations, in new or existing markets or channels could negatively impact our performance.
as our success depends on our ability to meet customer demand and expectations, we work to identify consumer trends and preferences on an ongoing basis and to offer inventory and shopping experiences that meet those trends and preferences. however, we may not do so effectively and/or on a timely basis across our diverse merchandise categories and in each of the many markets in the u.s., canada, europe, and australia in which we do business. trends and preferences in markets may differ from what we anticipate, and could change rapidly, as they did during fiscal 2021 in connection with the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. although our business model allows us greater flexibility than many traditional retailers to meet consumer product preferences and trends (for example, by expanding and contracting merchandise categories in response to consumers' changing tastes), we may not successfully do so, which could impact inventory turns, customer traffic and sales and add difficulty in attracting new customers, retaining existing customers, and encouraging frequent customer visits, which could adversely affect our results.
customers may also have expectations about how they shop in stores or through e-commerce or more generally engage with businesses across different channels (for example, through various digital platforms). these expectations may vary both across and within demographics and geographies and may evolve rapidly or be impacted by external factors, such as the covid-19 pandemic's impact on consumers' comfort levels in visiting stores as well as their expectations for our stores, including health and safety protocols. meeting these expectations effectively generally involves identifying the right opportunities and making the right investments at the right time and with the right speed, among other things, and failure to do so may impact our financial results.
we operate in highly competitive markets, and we may not be able to compete effectively.
the retail apparel and home fashion businesses are highly competitive. we compete on the basis of various factors affecting value (which we define as the combination of brand, fashion, price, and quality) - merchandise selection and freshness; banner name recognition and appeal; both in-store and online service and shopping experience; convenience; and store location. we compete with local, regional, national and international retailers that sell apparel, home fashions, and other merchandise that we sell, including retailers that operate through stores, e-commerce, and/or other media or channels. some of our competitors are larger than we are or have more experience in selling certain product lines or through certain channels than we do. new competitors frequently enter the market. additionally, existing competitors may enter or increase their presence in markets in which we operate, consolidate with other retailers, expand their merchandise offerings, expand their e-commerce capabilities, and/or add new sales channels or change their pricing strategies. during fiscal 2021, additional regulations or health and safety concerns related to the ongoing pandemic impacted our competitors differently, based on factors such as location, sales channel strategy, merchandising strategy and others. consumer spending online, which has been increasing, also appears to have accelerated as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. e-commerce may continue to increase, while our business is primarily in brick and mortar stores. if we fail to compete effectively, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure to continue to expand our business successfully could adversely affect our financial results our growth strategy includes successfully expanding within our current markets and/or into new geographic regions, product lines, and channels, including e-commerce, and, as appropriate, adding new businesses, whether by development, investment, or acquisition. if any aspect of our expansion strategy does not achieve the success we expect, in whole or in part, we may fail to meet our financial performance expectations generally or within certain markets or divisions, and/or may be required to increase investments, slow our planned growth, or close stores or operations. for example, if we are not able to find and lease appropriate real estate on attractive terms in the locations where we seek to open brick and mortar stores, or if new stores do not perform as well as we anticipated, we may need to change our planned growth in those markets.
growth can add complexity to effective information sharing and requires significant attention from our management and other functions across our business. it also requires appropriately staffing and training an increased number of associates and/or managing appropriate third-party providers. these risks may increase with further growth, particularly if we expand into additional countries. if we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business may be adversely affected or we may need to reduce the rate of expansion or otherwise curtail growth, which may adversely affect our business plans, sales and results.
failure to effectively manage the large size and scale of our operations may adversely affect our financial results.
our substantial size can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third party providers with appropriate oversight to support our business effectively, including for administration, systems (including information technology systems), merchandising, sourcing, store operations, distribution, logistics, and compliance. the large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations across the u.s., canada, europe, and australia, and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business also increase the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies may not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company, that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations, and that our marketing and communications strategies may lack cohesion. the size and scale of our business also creates challenges in effectively managing, training, retaining, and engaging a large, disparate workforce. these challenges may be exacerbated if a large portion of our workforce is unable to work on site, temporarily furloughed or working remotely, as was the case during parts of fiscal 2021. if we are unable to manage our size and scale effectively, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
we source our merchandise globally, which subjects us to risks, including when moving merchandise internationally.
we are subject to various risks of sourcing merchandise, particularly from other countries, including risks related to moving merchandise internationally. many of the products sold in our stores are sourced by our vendors and, to a lesser extent, by us, in locations, particularly china, india, and southeastern asia, which are outside of the country where they will be sold. where we are the importer of record, we may be subject to regulatory or other requirements, including those similar to requirements imposed upon the manufacturer of such products. risks related to sourcing merchandise include:
-potential disruptions in manufacturing and supply;
-changes in duties, tariffs, trade restrictions, sanctions, quotas and voluntary export restrictions on imported merchandise, including, for example, changes to trade requirements resulting from the u.k.'s withdrawal in january 2020 from the european union (commonly referred to as "brexit"); tariffs and border adjustment taxes; changes to the united states mexico canada agreement (the successor to the north american free trade agreement) or successor or other trade agreements;
-transport availability, capacity and costs;
-information technology challenges;
-problems in third-party distribution and warehousing, logistics, transportation and other supply chain interruptions;
-strikes, threats of strikes and other events affecting delivery;
-consumer perceptions of the safety or quality of imported merchandise;
-compliance with product laws and regulations of the destination country;
-compliance with laws and regulations including changing labor, environmental, international trade and other laws in relevant countries and those concerning ethical business practices, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act;
-product liability claims from customers or investigations, enforcement or penalties from government agencies relating to products that are recalled, defective or otherwise noncompliant or alleged to be harmful;
-intellectual property enforcement and infringement issues;
-pandemics and epidemics (including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic) affecting sourcing, including manufacturing, buying or delivery;
-concerns about human rights, working conditions and other labor rights and conditions in countries where merchandise is produced or materials are sourced, such as the concerns related to treatment of the uyghur population in the xinjiang province of china;
-concerns about transparent sourcing and supply chains;
-currency exchange rates and financial or economic instability; and
-political or other disruptions in countries from, to or through which merchandise is imported.
these and other factors relating to sourcing, international trade and imported merchandise could affect the availability and the price of our inventory and our operating costs. furthermore, although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to production of merchandise, international operations and importing merchandise, there can be no assurance that our associates and our contractors, agents, vendors or other third parties with whom we do business or to whom we outsource business operations will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies, which could subject us to liability and could adversely affect our reputation, operations or operating results.
our results and profitability could be adversely affected by labor costs, including wage, pension and healthcare costs, or other challenges from our large workforce.
our associates are key to supporting our business and operations effectively, and increased labor costs put pressure on our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our financial results. we have a large workforce, and our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to various external factors such as minimum wage laws and benefits requirements; market pressures, including prevailing wage rates and benefit levels and unemployment levels; changing demographics; economic conditions; interest rate changes; actuarial assumptions and methods; the costs of providing and managing retirement, health, and other employee benefits, including health and insurance costs; and a dynamic regulatory and policy environment, including with respect to health care, immigration, labor, employment, pension and other employee benefits, and taxes. any of these factors could increase our labor costs. increased labor costs may adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, when wage rates or benefit levels have increased in particular markets, increasing our wages or benefits has negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our earnings. conversely, failing to offer competitive wages or benefits could adversely affect our ability to attract or retain sufficient or quality associates, causing our customer service or performance to suffer.
additionally, many associates in our distribution centers are members of unions. we are subject to the risk of labor actions of various kinds, including work stoppages, as well as risks and potential material expenses associated with multiemployer plans, including from pension plan underfunding, benefit cuts, increased contribution or funding requirements, changes in plan terms, withdrawal liability, increased premium costs, conditions imposed under any governmental assistance programs, or insolvency of other participating employers or governmental insurance programs. certain of our associates in europe are members of works councils, which may subject us to additional requirements, actions or expense.
failure to employ quality associates in appropriate numbers and to retain key associates and management could adversely affect our performance.
we need to employ capable, engaged associates in large numbers for our stores and distribution centers and, to a lesser extent, for other areas of our business, including information technology functions. we must constantly recruit new associates to fill entry level and part-time positions with historically high rates of turnover and at times find seasonal talent in sufficient numbers. the availability and skill of associates may differ across markets in which we do business and in new markets we enter, and we may be unable to meet or manage our labor needs effectively. in addition, due to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, we have faced and may continue to face additional challenges in recruiting sufficient talent due to health and safety concerns and disruption to the availability of school or childcare, among other factors, as well as the challenges in engaging, overseeing and training those associates who would typically work from our offices, most of whom have been working remotely since march 2020.
our performance also depends on recruiting, hiring, developing, training, and retaining talented associates in key areas such as buying and management. similar to other retailers, we face challenges in securing and retaining sufficient talent in management and other key areas for many reasons, including competition for talent in the retail industry and in various geographic markets. in addition, because of the distinctive nature of our off-price model, we must provide significant internal training and development for key associates across the company, including within our buying organization, and must effectively manage succession planning. if we do not effectively attract qualified individuals, train them in our business model, support their development, engage them in our business, and retain them in sufficient numbers and at appropriate levels of the organization, our growth could be limited, and the successful execution of our business model could be adversely affected.
compromises of our data security, disruptions in our information technology systems, or failure to satisfy the information technology needs of our business could result in material loss or liability, materially impact our operating results or materially harm our reputation.
our business depends on our information technology ("it") systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties. we rely heavily on information technology systems, including those operated and maintained by our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning; purchasing; sales, including point-of-sale processing and e-commerce; supply chain management; inventory management; human resources; financial management; communications; information security; and legal and regulatory compliance. this reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future information technology needs and successfully develop, implement, and maintain appropriate systems, as well as effective disaster recovery plans for such systems. our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on doing so, as well as the ongoing integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems.
as is common in the retail industry, our information technology systems, as well as those of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties whose information technology systems we utilize directly or indirectly, are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. these attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities, employee malfeasance, digital and physical skimmers, account takeovers, and other forms of cyber attacks. these attempts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. our information technology systems and those of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events, or employee error. such damage, disruption or compromise could materially impair our ability to operate our business or otherwise result in material impacts on our operating results.
changes in the business landscape and the increase of remote working for our associates, service providers, and other third parties have the potential to increase the likelihood of system damage or disruption and increase the risk of a data security compromise. these factors have led to additional mitigation strategies and investments across our it security workforce, technologies, and processes. in addition, the global regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and unauthorized access of personal or sensitive information could result in regulatory enforcement actions, class actions, contract liability, or other forms of material legal liability. any successful compromise or disruption of our information technology systems, or other compromise of the information of our customers, associates or other persons that we collect, could result in material reputational harm and impact our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online and/or our suppliers', service providers' or other third parties' willingness to do business with us.
we maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risks of data security compromises and information technology failures or disruptions, but such controls cannot fully eliminate such risks and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. while we have implemented measures designed to further strengthen these policies, procedures and controls since the unauthorized intrusions into our network discovered late in 2006, we may suffer a similar or different cyber event in the future. these measures also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training, and compliance.
there is a risk of material business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify or replace our systems and infrastructure, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented.
damage to our corporate reputation or those of our retail banners could adversely affect our sales and operating results.
our relationships with our customers and our reputation are based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities. incidents involving us, our retail banners, our executives and other associates, our board of directors, our policies and practices, our third party providers, our vendors and others within our supply chain, the merchandise and brands, including our licensed or owned brands, that we sell, our partners and our industry more generally that erode trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and thereby impact our business, particularly if the incidents result in rapid or significant adverse publicity, protest, litigation, or governmental inquiry. information on such incidents that is publicized through traditional or digital media platforms, including social media, websites, blogs, and other forums that facilitate rapid, broad communications to an audience of consumers and other interested persons, may adversely affect our reputation and brand, even if the information is inaccurate, incomplete or unverified. similarly, challenges or reactions to action (or inaction), or perceived action (or inaction), by our company to crises, including the covid-19 pandemic, or on issues like corporate responsibility, responsible sourcing, environmental sustainability, inclusion and diversity (including racial justice and equity), human rights, politics and lobbying, privacy, merchandising, product safety, compensation and benefits, labor compliance, workforce reductions or other employment actions, or other sensitive topics, and any perceived lack of transparency about such matters, could harm our reputation, particularly as expectations of corporate action and of companies' corporate responsibility obligations have changed and may continue to change.
this kind of reputational damage could occur locally or globally and could impact our company or our individual retail banners. damage to the reputation of our company and our banners could result in declines in customer loyalty and sales; affect our vendor relationships and/or business development opportunities; limit our ability to attract and retain quality associates; divert the attention and resources of management, including to respond to inquiries or additional regulatory scrutiny; and otherwise adversely affect our results.
we depend upon strong cash flows from our operations to supply capital to fund our operations, growth, stock repurchases and dividends and interest and debt repayment.
our business depends upon our operations to continue to generate strong cash flow to supply capital to support our general operating activities, to fund our growth and our return of cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase programs and dividends, and to pay our interest and debt repayments. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows (due to the ongoing pandemic or otherwise) or to repatriate cash from our international operations in a manner that is cost effective, our growth plans, capital expenditures, operating expenses, and financial performance, including our earnings per share, could be adversely affected. changes in the capital and credit markets, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, and interest rate fluctuations may increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of liquidity. our continued access to these liquidity sources on favorable terms depends on multiple factors, including our operating performance and maintaining strong credit ratings. we borrow on occasion to finance our activities and if financing were not available to us in adequate amounts and on appropriate terms when needed, it could also adversely affect our financial performance.
further expansion of our international operations could expose us to risks inherent in operating in new countries.
we have a significant retail presence in countries in europe and in canada and australia. we also operate buying offices around the world. our goal is to continue to expand our operations into other countries in the future. it can be costly and complex to identify appropriate store locations and establish, develop and maintain international operations and to promote business in new international jurisdictions, which may differ significantly from other countries in which we currently operate.
just as with our current operations, there are risks inherent in opening and developing operations in new countries, such those related to compliance under the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. additional risks include, among others, understanding the local retail climate and trends, local customs and cultures, seasonal differences, business practices and competitive conditions; complying with relevant laws, rules and regulations; developing the appropriate infrastructure; identifying suitable partners for local operations and for integration with our global operations and effectively communicating and implementing company policies and practices in new, possibly remote, jurisdictions. there are also financial, regulatory and other risks associated with international operations, including currency exchange fluctuations; potentially adverse tax consequences; limitations on the repatriation and investment of funds outside of the country where earned; trade regulations; the risk of sudden policy or regulatory changes; the risk of political, economic and civil instability and labor unrest; and uncertainties regarding interpretation, application and enforceability of laws and agreements. any of these risks could adversely impact our operations, profitability or liquidity.
our quarterly operating results fluctuate and may fall short of prior periods, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could adversely affect our stock price.
our operating results have fluctuated from quarter to quarter at points in the past, including varying significantly from past quarters during fiscal 2021, and may do so again in the future. if we fail to increase our results over prior periods, to achieve our projected results or to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decline (as it did at times during fiscal 2021), and the decrease in the stock price may be disproportionate to the shortfall in our financial performance. results may be affected by various factors, including those described in these risk factors. we maintain a forecasting process that seeks to plan sales and align expenses. if we do not control costs or appropriately adjust costs to actual results, or if actual results differ significantly from our forecast, our financial performance could be adversely affected. in addition, if we suspend our buyback program, as we did during fiscal 2021, or if we have an active buyback program and are repurchasing shares but do not repurchase the number of shares we contemplated pursuant to our stock repurchase programs, or if we reduce or suspend our dividend distributions, our earnings per share may be adversely affected.
if we engage in mergers or acquisitions or investments in new businesses, or divest, close or consolidate any of our current businesses, our business could be subject to additional risks.
we may acquire new businesses (as we have in the past with our australia business and with sierra), invest in other businesses (as we did with our minority investment interest in privately held familia, a russian off-price apparel and home fashions retailer, in fiscal 2020) or enter into joint ventures with other businesses, develop new businesses internally (as with homesense, our additional u.s. home store concept launched in fiscal 2018), launch or expand e-commerce platforms (as we plan to do in fiscal 2022 with a homegoods e-commerce business), and divest, close or consolidate businesses. failure to execute on mergers, acquisitions, investments, divestitures, closings and consolidations in a satisfactory manner could adversely affect our future results of operations and financial condition. acquisition, investment or divestiture activities may divert attention of management from operating the existing businesses, and we may not effectively evaluate target companies, investments or investment partners or assess the risks, benefits and costs of buying, investing in or closing businesses or of the integration of acquired businesses, all of which can be difficult, time-consuming and dilutive. these activities may not meet our performance and other expectations and may expose us to unexpected or greater-than-expected costs, liabilities and risks. in addition, we recorded intangible assets and goodwill and the value of the tradenames in connection with our last acquisitions and may similarly do so in the future in connection with other acquisitions. if we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions, we may be required to impair some or all of the goodwill associated with an acquisition, which would adversely impact our results of operations and balance sheet, such as with an impairment charge. divestitures, closings and consolidations could involve risks such as significant costs and obligations of closure, including exposure on leases, owned real estate and other contractual, employment, pension and severance obligations, and potential liabilities that may arise under law as a result of the disposition or as a result of the credit risk of an acquirer.
our real estate leases generally obligate us for long periods, which subjects us to financial risks.
we lease virtually all of our store locations and either own or lease for long periods our primary distribution centers and administrative offices. accordingly, we are subject to the risks associated with leasing and owning real estate, which can adversely affect our results. while we have the right to terminate some of our leases under specified conditions, including by making specified payments, we may not be able to terminate most of our leases if or when we would like to do so. if we decide or are required to permanently close stores, we are typically required to continue to perform obligations under the applicable leases, which generally include, among other things, paying rent and operating expenses for the balance of the lease term, or paying to exercise rights to terminate, and the performance of any of these obligations may be significant. when we assign leases or sublease space to third parties, or if we sell or close a business, we can remain liable on the lease obligations if the assignee or sublessee does not perform (as was the case with some of our former operations). in addition, when the lease terms for the stores in our ongoing operations expire, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to permanently close stores or to relocate stores within a market on less favorable terms or in a less favorable location.
failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results.
risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business. loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or other third parties. our inability to effectively prevent and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to effectively reduce the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our financial performance.
external and economic risks economic conditions on a global level or in particular markets, geopolitical uncertainty, and other factors creating uncertainty and instability may adversely affect consumer confidence and discretionary spending, which could affect our financial performance.
consumer confidence and discretionary spending can be affected by various economic conditions, both on a global level and in particular markets, that can, in turn, affect our business or the retail industry generally. these factors include, among others, economic recession; unemployment levels; availability of disposable income and actual and perceived wealth; actual or perceived declines in consumer purchasing power; health care costs; costs of oil, gas, and other commodities; interest rates and tax rates and related policies; weakness in the housing market and housing costs; volatility in capital markets; credit availability; and inflation and deflation.
similarly, in addition to the impact of regulatory or policy changes, regulatory volatility or uncertainty, including in areas such as international trade, including u.s. tariff policies; challenges presented by implementation following brexit, as well as threats or occurrences of war, terrorism, pandemics or epidemics (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic), geopolitical instability or uncertainty and political or social unrest and/or conflict (locally or across regions) may have significant effects on consumer confidence and spending that can in turn, affect our financial results and impact the retail industry generally. these conditions and factors also shift trends in consumer spending that could affect our business. although we believe our flexible off-price model helps us react to such changes, they may adversely affect our sales, cash flows, merchandise orders, and results of operations and performance.
instability in financial markets or other factors may adversely affect economic conditions, on a global level or in particular markets, impacting our sources of liquidity and costs of capital and increasing our financial exposure, and our strategies for managing these financial risks may not be effective or sufficient.
global financial markets can experience volatility, disruption and credit contraction, which could adversely affect global economic conditions. changes in economic conditions could adversely affect sources of liquidity available to us or our costs of capital, including through capital markets, could adversely affect plan asset values and investment performance, and increase our pension liabilities, expenses, and funding requirements and other related financial exposure with respect to company-sponsored and multiemployer pension plans. our strategies for managing these financial risks and exposures may not be effective or sufficient or may expose us to risk.
our results may be adversely affected by serious disruptions, catastrophic events or public health crises.
natural or other disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and other extreme weather; climate conditions; unforeseen public health issues, such as pandemics and epidemics (such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic); fires or explosions; and acts of war, domestic or foreign terrorism, or violence, including riots or active shooter situations, could disrupt our operations in a number of ways, including by causing injury or serious harm to our associates, including when traveling on business, or customers; severely damaging or destroying one or more of our stores, distribution facilities, data centers or office facilities, or could disrupt the operations of, or require the closure of, one or more of our vendors or other parts of our supply chain located in the affected areas. day-to-day operations, including our ability to receive products from our vendors or third party service providers or transport products to our stores or to our e-commerce customers could be adversely affected, transportation to and from our stores (by customers or associates) could be limited, or we could temporarily close stores or distribution centers in the affected areas or in areas served by affected distribution centers for a short or extended period of time (as with closures of our stores and other facilities beginning in march 2020).
as our business is subject to seasonal influences, a decrease in sales or margins, a severe disruption or other significant event that impacts our business during the second half of the year could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our operating results.
our business is subject to seasonal influences; we generally realize higher levels of sales and earnings in the second half of the year, which includes the back-to-school and year-end holiday seasons. any decrease in sales or margins or any significant adverse event during this period, including those described in these risk factors, could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our results of operations.
our results may be adversely affected by increased utility, transportation or logistics costs; reduced availability or increased cost of oil or other fuels; or increased costs of other commodities.
energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline. an increase in the price of oil increases our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores and costs to purchase our products from suppliers. although we typically enter into derivative instruments designed to manage a portion of our transportation costs (a hedging strategy), any such strategy may not be effective or sufficient and could result in increased operating costs. increased regulation related to environmental costs, including cap and trade, carbon taxes or other emissions management systems could also adversely affect our costs of doing business, including utility, transportation and logistics costs, as could other shortages or disruptions impacting transportation, such as those relating to trucking and freight hauling. for example, in recent years, increased freight cost related to labor, equipment and capacity shortages, as well as other factors, had an impact on our margins, and in fiscal 2021, the ongoing pandemic impacted operations of many third parties along our supply chain, impacting our inventory flow and financial performance. similarly, other commodity prices can fluctuate dramatically. such increases can impact the cost of merchandise, which could adversely affect our performance through potentially reduced consumer demand or reduced margins.
adverse or unseasonable weather may adversely affect our sales and operating results.
adverse or unseasonable weather, such as storms, severe cold or heat or unseasonable temperatures (even if not extreme) may affect customers' buying patterns and willingness to shop at all or in certain categories we offer, particularly in apparel and seasonal merchandise, possibly impacting our sales and customer satisfaction with our stores and increasing our markdowns. as a result, our business could be adversely affected.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may lead to lower revenues and earnings.
sales made by our stores outside the u.s. are denominated in the currency of the country in which the store is located, and changes in currency exchange rates affect the translation of the sales and earnings of these businesses into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. because of this, movements in currency exchange rates have had and are expected to continue to have a significant impact on our consolidated and segment results from time to time. changes in currency exchange rates can also increase the cost of inventory purchases that are denominated in a currency other than the local currency of the business buying the merchandise. when exchange rates change significantly in a short period or move unfavorably over an extended period, it can be difficult for us to adjust accordingly, and gross margin can be adversely affected. for example, a significant amount of merchandise we offer for sale is made in china and accordingly, a revaluation of chinese currency, or increased market flexibility in the exchange rate for that currency, increasing its value relative to the u.s. dollar or currencies in which our stores are located, could be significant.
additionally, we routinely enter into inventory-related derivative instruments (a hedging strategy) to mitigate the impact of currency exchange rates on merchandise margins resulting from merchandise purchases by our segments denominated in currencies other than their local currencies. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate the fair value of these derivative instruments and make mark-to-market adjustments at the end of each accounting period. these adjustments are of a much greater magnitude when there is significant volatility in currency exchange rates and may have a significant impact on our earnings.
we expect that currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations from time to time. in addition, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may have a greater impact on our earnings and operating results if a counterparty to one of our hedging arrangements fails to perform.
regulatory, legal and compliance risks failure to comply with laws, rules, regulations and orders and applicable accounting principles and interpretations could negatively affect our business operations and financial performance.
we are subject to national, state, provincial, regional and local laws, rules, regulations, mandates, accounting standards, principles and interpretations, as well as government orders in various countries in which we operate that collectively affect multiple aspects of our business. we are also subject to new and changing laws, rules and regulations, mandates, evolving interpretations of existing laws by judicial and regulatory authorities, changes in accounting standards or interpretations, and reforms in jurisdictions where we do business. these requirements, current or changing, could adversely affect our operating results, including those involving:
-labor and employment practices and benefits, including for labor unions and works councils;
-health, welfare and safety requirements, such as those implemented in connection with the covid-19 pandemic;
-import/export, supply chain, trade restrictions and logistics, including resulting from changes to requirements or policies from the outcome of brexit;
-climate change, energy and waste;
-consumer protection and product safety;
-marketing;
-financial regulations and reporting;
-tax;
-data protection and privacy, such as to comply with, or fines and penalties related to, general data protection regulation in the european union and the california consumer privacy act;
-internet regulations, including e-commerce, electronic communications and privacy;
-protection of intellectual property rights; and
-compliance with governmental assistance programs.
complying with applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, interpretations, orders and our own internal policies may require us to spend additional time and resources to implement new procedures and other controls, conduct audits, train associates and third parties on our compliance methods or take other actions, particularly as we continue to grow globally and enter new markets, countries or product categories, any of which could adversely impact our results. particularly in a dynamic regulatory environment, anticipated changes to laws and regulations may require us to invest in compliance efforts or otherwise expend resources before changes are certain.
in addition, if we, or third parties that perform services on our behalf, fail to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards, interpretations and orders, we may be subject to judgments, fines or other costs or penalties, which could adversely affect our operations and our financial results and condition.
our results may be materially adversely affected by the outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters.
we are involved, or may in the future become involved, in legal proceedings, regulatory reviews, audits and other legal matters. these may involve inquiries, investigations, lawsuits and other proceedings by local, provincial, state and national governmental entities (in the u.s. and other countries) and private plaintiffs, including with respect to employment and employee benefits (such as classification, employment rights, discrimination, wage and hour and retaliation); whistleblower claims; harassment claims; tax; securities; disclosure; real estate; environmental matters; hazardous materials and hazardous waste; tort; business practices; consumer protection; privacy/data security; product safety and compliance; advertising; and intellectual property. there continue to be employment-related and consumer protection lawsuits, including putative class actions, in the united states, and we are subject to these types of suits. we cannot predict the results of legal and regulatory proceedings with certainty, and actual results may differ from any reserves we establish estimating the probable outcome. regardless of merit or outcome, these proceedings can be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and may cause significant expense and diversion of management attention. legal, regulatory and other proceedings could expose us to significant defense costs, fines, penalties and liability to private parties and governmental entities for monetary recoveries and other amounts and attorneys' fees and/or require us to change aspects of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
quality, safety, or other issues with merchandise we buy and sell could impact our reputation, sales, and financial results.
various governmental authorities in the jurisdictions where we do business regulate the quality and safety of the merchandise we import, transport, and sell to consumers. regulations and standards in this area, including federal regulations related to the u.s. consumer product safety improvement act of 2008 and the u.s. food safety modernization act, state regulations like california's proposition 65, and similar legislation in other countries in which we operate, impose restrictions and requirements on the merchandise we buy and sell. these regulations change from time to time, and new national, state, provincial, or local regulations in the u.s. and other countries that may affect our business are contemplated and enacted with some regularity. we rely on our vendors to provide quality merchandise that complies with applicable laws, as well as our vendor code of conduct that requires our merchandise vendors to ensure the products they sell to us comply with all applicable laws and regulations. however, our vendors may not comply with such obligations. if we or our merchandise vendors are unable to comply with regulatory requirements on a timely basis or at all, or to adequately monitor new regulations that may apply to existing or new merchandise categories or in new geographies, we could incur significant fines or penalties or we could have to curtail some aspects of our sales or operations, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. although our arrangements with our vendors frequently provide for indemnification for product liabilities, the vendors may fail to honor these obligations to an extent we consider sufficient or at all. in certain circumstances, we may bear some responsibility for compliance with applicable product safety laws, labeling requirements, and other applicable laws. in addition, failure to comply with, or the perception that we have failed to comply with, other social compliance, product, labor and/or environmental standards or monitoring practices, which continue to evolve, related to the products we sell could subject us reputational harm and impact our financial results.
concerns or issues with the quality, safety, and sourcing of merchandise, particularly with products subject to increased levels of regulation or inquiry, or the authenticity of merchandise, regardless of whether unverified or not our fault, could result in regulatory, civil or criminal fines or penalties, litigation, or reputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
tax matters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. our effective income tax rate and future tax liability could be adversely affected by numerous factors including the results of tax audits and examinations, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory income tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory income tax rates, changes in income tax rates, changes in transfer pricing, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in applicable tax legislation, regulations, treaties and other guidance, and changes in accounting principles and interpretations relating to tax matters, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods. the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 tax act") significantly revised the previous federal income tax code. additional interpretive guidance has been and will continue to be issued with respect to the 2017 tax act, and such guidance may be different from our interpretation and thus adversely affect our results. in addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the 2017 tax act, which could also impact our tax obligations. significant judgment is required in evaluating and estimating our worldwide provision and accruals for taxes, and actual results may differ from our estimations.
in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our tax returns and reports by national, state, provincial and local tax authorities in the u.s. and foreign countries, and the examining authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various proceedings, which are at various stages, with such authorities with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these proceedings to determine the adequacy and appropriateness of our provision for income taxes, and we increase and decrease our provision as a result of these assessments. however, developments in and actual results of proceedings, rulings or settlements by or with tax authorities or courts (including due to changes in facts, law or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statutes of limitations or other resolutions of tax positions) could result in amounts that differ from those we have accrued for such proceedings in either a positive or a negative manner, which could materially affect our effective income tax rate in a given financial period, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our results of operations. in addition, we are subject to tax audits and examinations for payroll, value added, sales-based and other taxes relating to our businesses, which could adversely impact our financial results.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations tjx provides projections and other forward-looking statements in the following discussions particularly relating to our future financial performance. these forward-looking statements are estimates based on information currently available to us, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, and subject to the cautionary statements set forth on page 2 of this form 10-k. our results are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in part i, item 1a, risk factors, and those identified from time to time in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission. tjx undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
the discussion that follows relates to our 52-week fiscal years ended january 30, 2021 (fiscal 2021) and february 1, 2020 (fiscal 2020). our 52-week fiscal year ended february 2, 2019 is referred to as fiscal 2019 and our 52-week fiscal year ended january 29, 2022 is referred to as fiscal 2022.
the following is a discussion of our consolidated operating results, followed by a discussion of our segment operating results. discussions of fiscal 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 1, 2020.
overview we are the leading off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the u.s. and worldwide. our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. we do this by selling a rapidly changing assortment of apparel, home fashions and other merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers' (including department, specialty, and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day. we operate over 4,500 stores through our four main segments: in the u.s., marmaxx (which operates t.j. maxx, marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com) and homegoods (which operates homegoods and homesense); tjx canada (which operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada); and tjx international (which operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe, and t.k. maxx in australia). in addition to our four main segments, sierra operates sierra.com and retail stores in the u.s. the results of sierra are included in the marmaxx segment.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic after a novel coronavirus disease ("covid-19") emerged and spread worldwide, the world health organization declared covid-19 a pandemic in march 2020, and national, state and local governments and private entities began issuing various restrictions, including travel restrictions, restrictions on public gatherings, stay at home orders and advisories and quarantine or isolation protocols. we temporarily closed all of our stores, online businesses, distribution centers and offices in march 2020, with associates working remotely where possible. during april 2020, we temporarily furloughed the majority of hourly store and distribution center associates in the u.s. and canada, with employee benefits coverage for eligible associates continuing during the temporary furlough at no cost to impacted associates. we also took comparable actions with respect to portions of our european and australian workforces.
when we began to reopen stores and distribution centers in may 2020, we implemented new health and safety practices, including practices related to personal protective equipment, enhanced cleaning and social distancing protocols. early in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, in response to increasing cases of covid-19, hundreds of our stores had additional temporary closures, the vast majority being in europe and canada, and additional stores may close temporarily in the future. we continue to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level that could result in possible additional impacts to our operations.
our results for fiscal 2021 were negatively impacted by the temporary closure of our stores for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021 in the aggregate. this represents total store days closed due to the covid-19 pandemic as a percentage of potential total store days open. see additional details below by segment.
fiscal 2021
marmaxx                                 20     %
homegoods                               20
tjx canada                              29
tjx international                       36
total                                   24     %
as of march 30, 2021, we had approximately 580 stores, primarily in europe, that were temporarily closed due to government mandates in response to the covid-19 global pandemic. we expect closures in europe and canada to impact our first quarter fiscal 2022 results as stores are expected to be closed for approximately 71% and 12% of the quarter, respectively. although the majority of our germany and netherlands stores were reopened by the end of march, additional operating restrictions have been imposed, including appointment requirements, limited business hours and capacity constraints. in total, based on current restrictions, we expect stores to be closed for approximately 12% of the first quarter of fiscal 2022. all of our e-commerce businesses remain open, including tkmaxx.com in the u.k.
in addition to the temporary closures and reopenings of our stores and other facilities, the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has led to modifications to our operations, including the implementation of health and safety protocols, and has impacted consumer behavior. the continued scope and impact of the pandemic is unpredictable and has in the past caused, currently causes, and may continue to cause additional intermittent or prolonged periods of temporary store closures, and may result in additional changes in consumer demand and behavior or require further modifications to our operations. these potential impacts may lead to increased asset recovery and valuation risks, such as impairment of our stores and other assets and an inability to realize deferred tax assets due to sustaining losses in certain jurisdictions. the uncertainties in the global economy may also impact the financial viability or business operations of some of our suppliers and service providers (including transportation and logistics providers), which may interrupt our supply chain, and require other changes to our operations. these and other factors have had and may continue to have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
store and associate actions we have taken numerous steps designed to protect the health and well-being of our associates and customers to operate more safely in light of the covid-19 pandemic. we established several global task force teams focused on a broad range of strategies to navigate the company through this global health crisis. globally, we have put in place practices including social distancing protocols (which include occupancy limits and reducing in-store inventory levels), access to personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning efforts. for example, upon reopening our stores, we installed protective shields at registers, encouraged social distancing through regular in-store announcements, signage, and markers in our queue lines, implemented new processes for handling merchandise returns, and instituted new cleaning regimens, including enhanced cleaning of high-touch surfaces, such as shopping carts, throughout the day. further, in many locations, including where mandated, we have required that shoppers wear a face covering in stores.
financial actions balance sheet, cash flow and liquidity the temporary closure of our stores had a material impact on our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. as further detailed below in results of operations, this impact included a 23% decrease in net sales for fiscal 2021 compared to the same period last year, resulting in a significant decline in net profit for the full fiscal year.
during fiscal 2021, we generated $4.6 billion of operating cash flows and ended the year with $10.5 billion of cash. in addition, we increased our borrowing capacity by entering into a $500 million 364 day revolving credit facility, making a total of $1.5 billion available to us under revolving credit facilities. in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, tjx issued $4 billion aggregate principal amount of notes. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of notes and accepted $1.1 billion in combined aggregate principal amount of certain of its notes issued in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 pursuant to cash tender offers. we paid $1.4 billion aggregate consideration (including transaction costs) and recorded a $0.3 billion pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment for the accepted notes. for additional information on the new credit facility and debt transactions, see note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements.
we intend to continue to be prudent with our expenses for fiscal 2022. capital spending for fiscal 2022 is expected to be back in line with normal spending, and is expected to be in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion with incremental investments in our infrastructure and our distribution centers, both existing and new facilities. we are planning approximately 120 net store openings for fiscal 2022. we have currently suspended our share repurchase program. while our board of directors did not declare a dividend in the first nine months of fiscal 2021, we declared a dividend of $0.26 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, paid in march 2021. we also declared a similar dividend of $0.26 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2022.
during fiscal 2021, we negotiated rent deferrals (primarily for second quarter lease payments) for a significant number of our stores, with repayment at later dates, primarily in fiscal 2022. we elected to treat the covid-19 pandemic-related rent deferrals as a resolution of a contingency by remeasuring the lease liability, with a corresponding offset to the right-of-use asset, using the remeasured consideration. in addition to negotiating deferral of lease payments, we had temporarily extended payment terms on merchandise orders, which increased our accounts payable as of the end of the fiscal year, benefiting our operating cash flows. as payment terms are reduced and we make deferred payments, we expect our operating cash flows to be negatively impacted.
we evaluated the value of our inventory in light of the temporary store closures in the first and fourth quarters of fiscal 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic. permanent markdowns, which had been or will be taken upon reopening of the stores, on transitional or out of season merchandise and merchandise that was already in markdown status, combined with the write-off of perishable goods, resulted in a reduction of approximately $0.4 billion in inventory for fiscal 2021. additional markdowns recorded throughout the year were taken in the ordinary course of business operations.
given the substantial reduction in our sales and the reduced cash flow projections as a result of the temporary store closures during fiscal 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic, we determined that triggering events had occurred and that impairment assessments were warranted for certain stores. this resulted in impairment charges of $72 million for fiscal 2021, related to operating lease right of use assets and store fixed assets.
operating expenses we incurred additional payroll costs associated with monitoring occupancy limits to comply with social distancing protocols and implementing enhanced cleaning regimens in our stores, distribution centers, and offices. in addition, we provided discretionary appreciation bonuses during fiscal 2021 to store and distribution center associates and incurred incremental costs for personal protective equipment and additional cleaning supplies. we expect that many of these costs will continue in fiscal 2022. we have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, cost saving initiatives to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary spending.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, governments in the u.s., u.k., canada and various other jurisdictions have implemented programs to encourage companies to retain and pay employees who are unable to work or are limited in the work that they can perform in light of closures or a significant decline in sales. throughout fiscal 2021 we continued to qualify for certain of these provisions, which partially offset related expenses. during fiscal 2021, these programs reduced our expenses by approximately $0.5 billion on our consolidated statements of income.
results of operations matters affecting comparability as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, our stores were closed in the aggregate for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021. in addition to lost revenues, we continued to pay wages and provide benefits to many of our associates during the closures, and incurred incremental operating expenses upon reopening for new health and safety practices. this significantly impacted the operating results of all of our divisions and our expense ratios as compared to the prior year.
highlights of our financial performance for fiscal 2021 include the following:
-net sales decreased 23% to $32.1 billion for fiscal 2021, versus fiscal 2020 sales of $41.7 billion. as of january 30, 2021, the number of stores in operation (including stores that had been temporarily closed due to covid-19) increased 1% and selling square footage increased 1% compared to the end of fiscal 2020.
-diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2021 were $0.07 versus $2.67 per share in fiscal 2020.
-pre-tax margin (the ratio of pre-tax income to net sales) for fiscal 2021 was 0.3%, a 10.3 percentage point decrease compared with 10.6% in fiscal 2020.
-the debt extinguishment charge of $0.3 billion reduced fiscal 2021 pre-tax margin by 1.0 percentage point and reduced earnings per share by $0.19 per share.
-our cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, ratio for fiscal 2021 was 76.3%, a 4.8 percentage point increase compared with 71.5% in fiscal 2020.
-our selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense ratio for fiscal 2021 was 21.8%, a 3.9 percentage point increase compared with 17.9% in fiscal 2020.
-our consolidated average per store inventories, including inventory on hand at our distribution centers (which excludes inventory in transit) and excluding our e-commerce sites and sierra stores, were down 21% on a reported basis and down 22% on a constant currency basis at the end of fiscal 2021 as compared to a 4% increase in average per store inventories on both a reported and constant currency basis at the end of fiscal 2020.
-there were no dividends declared during the first nine months of fiscal 2021 and share repurchases were suspended in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. a dividend of $0.26 per share was declared in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and paid in march of 2021. see the impact of the covid-19 pandemic section above for the actions taken regarding our share repurchase programs.
recent events and trends covid-19
see discussion above in the impact of the covid-19 pandemic section.
impact of brexit on december 24, 2020 the u.k. and eu agreed upon the terms of their future trading relationship. as expected the movement of goods between the u.k. and eu is subject to additional regulatory and compliance requirements, which is expected to have a negative impact on our ability to efficiently move merchandise in the region. we have realigned our european division's supply chain to reduce the volume of merchandise flowing between the u.k. and the eu and have established resources and systems to support this plan.
the new trade deal provides for zero customs duties and zero quotas on trade between the u.k. and the eu in goods that are produced in each of the u.k. and the eu. however, a proportion of the merchandise we source in the u.k. and the eu is produced somewhere else in the world, and therefore will be subject to additional customs duty costs under the new trade deal. these additional customs duties and the related operational costs are likely to impact the profitability of our european division, at least in the short term.
new immigration requirements between the u.k. and eu countries may also have a negative impact on our ability to recruit and retain current and future talent in the region. we continue to communicate with our associates about the new immigration requirements.
in addition to these operational impacts, factors including changes in legislation, consumer confidence and behavior, economic conditions, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates could result in a significant financial impact to our european operations, particularly in the short term.
net sales net sales for fiscal 2021 totaled $32.1 billion, a 23% decrease over fiscal 2020. the decrease in net sales was driven by temporary store closures as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and lower customer traffic, with stores closed in the aggregate for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021. net sales from our e-commerce businesses combined amounted to approximately 3% of total sales.
as a result of the extended store closures due to the covid-19 pandemic and our policy relating to the treatment of extended store closures when calculating comp store sales under our historical definition, we had no stores classified as comp stores at the end of fiscal 2021.
in order to provide a performance indicator for our stores as they reopened, since the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we have been temporarily reporting a new sales measure, open-only comp store sales. open-only comp store sales includes stores initially classified as comp stores at the beginning of fiscal 2021 that have had to temporarily close due to the covid-19 pandemic. this measure reports the sales increase or decrease of these stores for the days the stores were open in the current period against sales for the same days in the prior year. open-only comp sales of our foreign segments are calculated by translating the current year using the prior year's exchange rates. our historical definition of comp store sales is presented below for reference.
open-only comp store sales were down 4% for fiscal 2021 as compared to last year. these results reflect a decrease in customer traffic, partially offset by an increased average basket across all divisions. our stores were closed in the aggregate for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021. home fashion across all major segments outperformed apparel for fiscal 2021.
we define customer traffic to be the number of transactions in stores and average ticket to be the average retail price of the units sold. we define average transaction or average basket to be the average dollar value of transactions.
historical definition of comp store sales we are temporarily reporting a new sales measure, open-only comp store sales, as described above. the following reflects the way that we have historically classified and reported comp sales results.
historically, we defined comparable store sales, or comp sales, to be sales of stores that have been in operation for all or a portion of two consecutive fiscal years, or in other words, stores that are starting their third fiscal year of operation. we calculated comp sales on a 52-week basis by comparing the current and prior year weekly periods that are most closely aligned. relocated stores and stores that have changed in size are generally classified in the same way as the original store, and we believe that the impact of these stores on the consolidated comp percentage is immaterial.
sales excluded from comp sales ("non-comp sales") consist of sales from:
-new stores - stores that have not yet met the comp sales criteria, which represents a substantial majority of non-comp sales
-stores that are closed permanently or for an extended period of time
-sales from our e-commerce sites, meaning sierra.com, tjmaxx.com, marshalls.com and tkmaxx.com we determine which stores are included in the comp sales calculation at the beginning of a fiscal year and the classification remains constant throughout that year unless a store is closed permanently or for an extended period during that fiscal year. beginning in fiscal 2020, sierra stores that otherwise fit the comp store definition are included in comp stores in our marmaxx segment.
comp sales of our foreign segments are calculated by translating the current year's comp sales using the prior year's exchange rates. this removes the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, which we believe is a more accurate measure of segment operating performance.
comp sales may be referred to as "same store" sales by other retail companies. the method for calculating comp sales varies across the retail industry, therefore our measure of comp sales may not be comparable to that of other retail companies.
operating results as a percentage of net sales the following table sets forth our consolidated operating results as a percentage of net sales.
percentage of net sales fiscal 2021   fiscal 2020
net sales                                                       100.0     %   100.0       %
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs              76.3              71.5
selling, general and administrative expenses                     21.8              17.9
loss on early extinguishment of debt                              1.0         -
interest expense, net                                             0.6         -
income before income taxes*                                       0.3     %   10.6        %
*figures may not foot due to rounding.
revenues by geography the percentages of our consolidated revenues by geography for the last two fiscal years are as follows:
fiscal 2021       fiscal 2020
united states:
northeast                                  23     %          23     %
midwest                                    13                13
south (including puerto rico)              27                25
west                                       16                15
total united states                        79     %          76     %
canada                                      9                10
europe                                     11                13
australia                                   1                 1
total                                     100     %         100     %
impact of foreign currency exchange rates our operating results are affected by foreign currency exchange rates as a result of changes in the value of the u.s. dollar or a division's local currency in relation to other currencies. we specifically refer to "foreign currency" as the impact of translational foreign currency exchange and mark-to-market of inventory derivatives, as described in detail below. this does not include the impact foreign currency exchange rates can have on various transactions that are denominated in a currency other than an operating division's local currency referred to as "transactional foreign exchange", also described below.
translation foreign exchange in our consolidated financial statements, we translate the operations of tjx canada and tjx international from local currencies into u.s. dollars using currency rates in effect at different points in time. significant changes in foreign exchange rates between comparable prior periods can result in meaningful variations in net sales, net income and earnings per share growth as well as the net sales and operating results of these segments. currency translation generally does not affect operating margins, or affects them only slightly, as sales and expenses of the foreign operations are translated at approximately the same rates within a given period.
mark-to-market inventory derivatives we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases denominated in currencies other than the local currencies of our divisions, principally tjx canada and tjx international. as we have not elected "hedge accounting" for these instruments as defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we record a mark-to-market gain or loss on the derivative instruments in our results of operations at the end of each reporting period. in subsequent periods, the mark-to-market gain or loss is effectively offset when the inventory being hedged is received and paid for. while these effects occur every reporting period, they are of much greater magnitude when there are sudden and significant changes in currency exchange rates during a short period of time. the mark-to-market gain or loss on these derivatives does not affect net sales, but it does affect the cost of sales, operating margins and net income.
transactional foreign exchange when discussing the impact on our results of the effect of foreign currency exchange rates on certain transactions, we refer to it as "transactional foreign exchange". this primarily includes the impact that foreign currency exchange rates may have on the year-over-year comparison of merchandise margin as well as "foreign currency gains and losses" on transactions that are denominated in a currency other than the operating division's local currency. these two items can impact segment margin comparison of our foreign divisions and we have highlighted them when they are meaningful to understanding operating trends.
cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, was $24.5 billion, or 76.3% of net sales for fiscal 2021 compared to $29.8 billion, or 71.5% of net sales for fiscal 2020.
the main reason for the decrease in the total cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs, was the reduction in cost of merchandise sold due to a reduction in net sales as compared to the prior year, primarily due to our stores being temporarily closed in the aggregate for approximately 24% of fiscal 2021.
the increase in the expense ratio of 4.8% for fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by the impact of lower sales primarily as a result of temporary store closures. a significant portion of our occupancy costs are fixed and although we negotiated rent deferrals to help with our liquidity, our occupancy costs were comparable to last year but increased the expense ratio by approximately 2.1 percentage points due to the lower sales volume. our distribution costs increased the expense ratio by approximately 1.6 percentage points due to processing more units while our merchandise mix had a lower average ticket. in addition, distribution costs reflect wage increases, discretionary appreciation bonuses, and incremental costs to implement and maintain health and safety protocols, despite a reduction in payroll costs due to associate furloughs in the first half of fiscal 2021 and $78 million in benefits received from government programs available in the u.s., canada, the u.k. and various other jurisdictions. merchandise margin was negatively impacted by increased markdowns as a percentage of net sales, as well as increased freight costs partially offset by strong mark-on. the increased markdowns include those taken to revalue inventories due to our temporary store closures.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses were $7 billion, or 21.8% of net sales for fiscal 2021, compared to $7.5 billion, or 17.9% of net sales for fiscal 2020.
the increase in sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by store payroll and store supply costs which negatively impacted the expense ratio by 2.7 percentage points. these costs were primarily covid-related, including incremental store payroll investments to allow for enhanced cleaning and monitoring capacity, discretionary appreciation bonuses, and personal protective equipment for our associates. these incremental costs were partially offset by expense savings, including lower advertising and travel spend, as well as other variable store costs such as credit processing fees, which were lower as a result of the temporary store closures due to the covid-19 pandemic. we also paid certain associates during the temporary store closures, which was partially offset by $434 million from government programs available in the u.s., canada, the u.k. and various other jurisdictions.
loss on early extinguishment of debt on november 30, 2020 we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.150% notes due 2028 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 1.600% notes due 2031. we used the proceeds to partially fund the purchase, on december 4, 2020, of $365 million of our 4.500% notes due 2050 and $754 million of our 3.875% notes due 2030 that were tendered and accepted in our cash tender offer. we recorded a pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $312 million. for additional information on the debt transactions, see note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements.
interest expense, net the components of interest expense, net for the last two fiscal years are summarized below:
fiscal year ended in millions                       january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
interest expense                   $199               $61
capitalized interest                (5)               (2)
interest (income)                  (13)              (49)
interest expense, net              $181               $10
net interest expense increased for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, primarily driven by the issuance of additional debt in fiscal 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic and lower interest income. in addition, fiscal 2021 included interest expense on the $1 billion of borrowings on the revolving credit facilities, which were paid off in the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
provision for income taxes the effective income tax rate was (1.4)% for fiscal 2021 compared to 25.7% for fiscal 2020. the decrease in the fiscal 2021 effective income tax rate is primarily driven by the negative impact of the covid-19 pandemic to our results and the change in the jurisdictional mix of income and losses.
net income and diluted earnings per share net income was $0.1 billion in fiscal 2021 compared to $3.3 billion in fiscal 2020. diluted earnings per share were $0.07 in fiscal 2021 and $2.67 in fiscal 2020. the loss on early extinguishment of debt reduced net income by $229 million, or $0.19 per share, for the twelve months ended january 30, 2021.
our stock repurchase programs, which reduce our weighted average diluted shares outstanding, had no impact on our earnings per share in fiscal 2021 as we suspended the program in march 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. our stock repurchase programs benefited our earnings per share growth by approximately 3% in fiscal 2020.
segment information we operate four main business segments. our marmaxx segment (t.j. maxx, marshalls, tjmaxx.com and marshalls.com) and the homegoods segment (homegoods and homesense) both operate in the united states. our tjx canada segment operates winners, homesense and marshalls in canada, and our tjx international segment operates t.k. maxx, homesense and tkmaxx.com in europe and t.k. maxx in australia. in addition to our four main segments, sierra operates sierra.com and retail stores in the u.s. the results of sierra are included in the marmaxx segment.
we evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense and interest expense, net, and certain separately disclosed unusual or infrequent items. "segment profit or loss," as we define the term, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other entities. the terms "segment margin" or "segment profit margin" are used to describe segment profit or loss as a percentage of net sales. these measures of performance should not be considered an alternative to net income or cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of our performance or as a measure of liquidity.
due to the temporary closing of all of our stores as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, our historical definition of comp store sales is not applicable for the reported periods. in order to provide a performance indicator for our stores as they reopen, since the second quarter of fiscal 2021 we have been temporarily reporting a new sales measure, open-only comp store sales. open-only comp store sales includes stores initially classified as comp stores at the beginning of fiscal 2021 that have had to temporarily close due to the covid-19 pandemic. this measure reports the sales increase or decrease of these stores for the days the stores were open in the current period against sales for the same days in the prior year.
presented below is selected financial information related to our business segments.
31
u.s. segments marmaxx fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                           january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
net sales                                                        $19,363           $25,665
segment profit                                                      $891            $3,470
segment margin                                                       4.6     %        13.5     %
stores in operation at end of period:
t.j. maxx                                                          1,271             1,273
marshalls                                                          1,131             1,130
sierra                                                                48                46
total                                                              2,450             2,449
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands):
t.j. maxx                                                         27,707            27,781
marshalls                                                         25,915            25,909
sierra                                                               796               766
total                                                             54,418            54,456
net sales net sales for marmaxx decreased 25% for fiscal 2021 as compared to last year. the decrease in net sales was primarily due to the temporary closures of all stores as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the stores were closed for approximately 20% of fiscal 2021. in addition, the decrease in net sales was due to lower customer traffic, partially offset by an increase in the average basket. open-only comp store sales were down 7% for fiscal 2021. home fashions outperformed apparel for fiscal 2021.
segment profit segment profit was $0.9 billion for fiscal 2021, a decrease of $2.6 billion, compared to a segment profit of $3.5 billion for fiscal 2020.
the decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in sales from the temporary store closures. this decrease reflects increased markdowns on merchandise primarily taken in the first half of fiscal 2021 due to the covid-19 pandemic as well as increased freight costs, partially offset by stronger mark-on. in addition, segment profit declined as a result of our reduced buying activity and lower inventory levels resulting in higher buying and distribution costs in fiscal 2021 as compared to last year, and as a result of incremental covid-19 costs. the decline in segment profit was partially offset by lower advertising and travel spend, a reduction in store payroll while the stores were closed and other variable store expense savings. the reduction in payroll reflects approximately $171 million for fiscal 2021 from government programs as described in the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic section above. in addition, a significant portion of our occupancy costs are fixed. as a result, while our occupancy costs were comparable to last year, they negatively impacted segment margin by approximately 2.2 percentage points, primarily due to the lower sales volume.
during the third quarter of fiscal 2020, marmaxx made online shopping available at www.marshalls.com, along with www.tjmaxx.com, which was launched previously. our u.s. e-commerce businesses, which represented approximately 3% of marmaxx's net sales for both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons. along with our stores, we temporarily closed our online businesses for a portion of fiscal 2021 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
32
homegoods fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                           january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
net sales                                                         $6,096            $6,356
segment profit                                                      $510              $681
segment margin                                                       8.4     %        10.7     %
stores in operation at end of period:
homegoods                                                            821               809
homesense                                                             34                32
total                                                                855               841
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands):
homegoods                                                         15,034            14,831
homesense                                                            733               685
total                                                             15,767            15,516
net sales net sales for homegoods decreased 4% for fiscal 2021 as compared to last year. the decrease in net sales was primarily due to the temporary closures of all stores as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the stores were closed for approximately 20% of fiscal 2021. in addition, the decrease in net sales was due to lower customer traffic, partially offset by an increase in the average basket. open-only comp store sales were up 13% for fiscal 2021.
segment profit segment profit was $510 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of $171 million, compared to a segment profit of $681 million for fiscal 2020.
the decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in sales due to temporary store closures and increased store and distribution payroll costs, including incremental covid-19 costs. the decline in segment profit was partially offset by improved merchandise margin, lower advertising and travel spend and other variable store expense savings. merchandise margin reflects strong mark-on and favorable markdowns net of increased freight costs. the increase in payroll includes a reduction of approximately $46 million for fiscal 2021 from government programs as described in the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic section above.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we announced our plan to make online shopping available on www.homegoods.com in late fiscal 2022.
33
foreign segments tjx canada fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                           january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
net sales                                                         $2,836            $4,031
segment profit                                                      $124              $516
segment margin                                                       4.4     %        12.8     %
stores in operation at end of period:
winners                                                              280               279
homesense                                                            143               137
marshalls                                                            102                97
total                                                                525               513
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands):
winners                                                            6,015             5,986
homesense                                                          2,644             2,511
marshalls                                                          2,141             2,043
total                                                             10,800            10,540
net sales net sales for tjx canada decreased 30% for fiscal 2021 compared to last year. the decrease in net sales was primarily due to temporary store closures, closed for approximately 29% of fiscal 2021, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, net sales decreased due to lower customer traffic, partially offset by an increase in the average basket. open-only comp store sales were down 8% for fiscal 2021.
segment profit segment profit was $124 million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of $392 million, compared to a segment profit of $516 million for fiscal 2020.
the decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in sales due to the temporary store closures, including incremental covid-19 costs. the decline in segment profit was partially offset by improved merchandise margin, a reduction in store payroll while the stores were closed, lower advertising and travel spend and other variable store expense savings. merchandise margin reflects strong mark-on net of increased markdowns and freight. the reduction in payroll reflects approximately $148 million for fiscal 2021 from government programs as described in the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic section above. in addition, a significant portion of our occupancy costs are fixed. as a result, while our occupancy costs were comparable to last year, they negatively impacted segment margin by approximately 3.8 percentage points, primarily due to the lower sales volume.
34
tjx international fiscal year ended u.s. dollars in millions                                           january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
net sales                                                         $3,842            $5,665
segment (loss) profit                                             $(504)              $307
segment margin                                                    (13.1)     %         5.4     %
stores in operation at end of period:
t.k. maxx                                                            602               594
homesense                                                             78                78
t.k. maxx australia                                                   62                54
total                                                                742               726
selling square footage at end of period (in thousands):
t.k. maxx                                                         12,131            11,997
homesense                                                          1,142             1,149
t.k. maxx australia                                                1,109               990
total                                                             14,382            14,136
net sales net sales for tjx international decreased 32% for fiscal 2021 compared to last year. the decrease in net sales was primarily due to the temporary store closures, closed for approximately 36% of fiscal 2021, as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. in addition, net sales decreased due to lower customer traffic, partially offset by an increase in the average basket. open-only comp store sales were down 2% for fiscal 2021.
e-commerce sales were approximately 5% of tjx international's net sales for fiscal 2021 and 3% for fiscal 2020. along with our stores, we temporarily closed our online business for a portion of fiscal 2021, due to the covid-19 pandemic. once reopened during the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the online business remained open through fiscal 2021.
segment (loss) / profit segment loss was $(504) million for fiscal 2021, a decrease of $811 million, compared to a segment profit of $307 million for fiscal 2020.
the decrease was primarily driven by a reduction in sales due to the temporary store closures. in addition, the decrease reflects increased markdowns on merchandise due to the covid-19 pandemic and incremental covid-19 costs. the decline in segment profit was partially offset by reduced store payroll, a reduction in occupancy costs and lower advertising and travel spend. the reduction in payroll reflects approximately $140 million for fiscal 2021 from government programs as described in the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic section above. in addition, a significant portion of our occupancy costs are fixed. as a result, while our occupancy costs were comparable to last year, they negatively impacted segment margin by approximately 3.1 percentage points, primarily due to the lower sales volume.
general corporate expense fiscal year ended in millions                      january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
general corporate expense        $439              $557
general corporate expense for segment reporting purposes represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our business segments. general corporate expenses are primarily included in sg&a expenses. the mark-to-market adjustment of our fuel hedges is included in cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs.
the decrease in general corporate expense for fiscal 2021 was primarily driven by lower share-based and incentive compensation costs.
analysis of financial condition liquidity and capital resources our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented, as needed, by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. as of january 30, 2021, there were no short-term bank borrowings or commercial paper outstanding.
as part of the actions we have taken, and are continuing to take, relating to the covid-19 pandemic, as described in impact of the covid-19 pandemic above and in note b-impact of the covid-19 pandemic of notes to consolidated financial statements, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, tjx issued $4 billion aggregate principal amount of notes. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we refinanced $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of our higher interest notes with the issuance and sale of $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of lower interest rate senior notes. for additional information on these transactions, see note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in march 2020, we drew down $1 billion on our revolving credit facilities, subsequently repaying these borrowings in july 2020. on august 10, 2020, we increased our borrowing capacity by entering into a $500 million 364-day facility, making a total of $1.5 billion available to us under revolving credit facilities. see note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional details of these transactions.
no dividend was declared in the first nine months of fiscal 2021. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share, paid in march 2021. we declared a similar dividend of $0.26 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. we have currently suspended our share repurchase program.
we qualified for certain government programs in the u.s., the u.k., canada and other jurisdictions to support payroll and other operating costs. we also reduced spending more broadly across the company, reducing capital spending, evaluating operating expenses and taking actions to reduce ongoing variable and discretionary spending. we negotiated rent deferrals for fiscal 2021 for a significant amount of our stores, primarily for second quarter lease payments, with repayment at later dates, primarily in fiscal 2022. in addition to negotiating deferral of lease payments, we also temporarily extended payment terms on merchandise orders which increased our accounts payable as of the end of the fiscal year, benefiting our operating cash flows. as payment terms are reduced and we make deferred payments, we expect our operating cash flows to be negatively impacted. the challenges posed by the covid-19 pandemic on our business continue to evolve. consequently, we will continue to evaluate our financial position in light of future developments, particularly those relating to the covid-19 pandemic.
we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds and our credit facilities, described in note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements, are adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year.
we may use operating cash flow and cash on hand to repay portions of our indebtedness, depending on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, existing economic conditions, contractual restrictions and other factors. as such, we may, from time to time, seek to retire, redeem, prepay or purchase our outstanding debt through redemptions, cash purchases, prepayments, refinancings and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, by tender offer or otherwise. if we use our operating cash flow and/or cash on hand to repay our debt, it will reduce the amount of cash available for additional capital expenditures.
as of january 30, 2021, tjx held $10.5 billion in cash. approximately $1.2 billion of our cash was held by our foreign subsidiaries with $0.8 billion held in countries where we intend to indefinitely reinvest any undistributed earnings. tjx has provided for all applicable state and foreign withholding taxes on all undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in canada, puerto rico, italy, india, hong kong and vietnam through january 30, 2021. if we repatriate cash from such subsidiaries, we should not incur additional tax expense and our cash would be reduced by the amount of withholding taxes paid.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $4.6 billion in fiscal 2021 and $4.1 billion in fiscal 2020. our operating cash flows increased by $0.5 billion compared to fiscal 2020. the covid-19 pandemic had a material impact on our operating cash flows. the loss of sales as a result of temporarily closing our stores and e-commerce businesses resulted in net income of $0.1 billion for the twelve month period ended january 30, 2021 compared with net income of $3.3 billion in the twelve month period ended february 1, 2020. this decrease in cash flows was more than offset by the combination of a $2.1 billion favorable impact from the increase in accounts payable, a $0.9 billion favorable impact due to the decrease in merchandise inventories, as well as a $0.6 billion favorable impact due to the increases in accrued expenses, income taxes payable and lease liabilities. the favorable impact of the change in merchandise inventories, net of accounts payable was driven by the timing of payments for merchandise sold and lower inventories.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities resulted in net cash outflows of $0.6 billion in fiscal 2021 and $1.5 billion in fiscal 2020. the cash outflows for both periods were primarily driven by capital expenditures and, in fiscal 2020, we invested $0.2 billion in familia, an established off-price apparel and home fashion retail chain in russia.
net cash used in investing activities include capital expenditures for the last two fiscal years as set forth in the table below.
fiscal year ended in millions                                   january 30,       february 1,
2021              2020
new stores                                      $61              $189
store renovations and improvements              124               363
office and distribution centers                 383               671
total capital expenditures                     $568            $1,223
we expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 will be in the range of approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, including approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8 billion for our offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems) to support growth, approximately $0.4 billion to $0.5 billion for store renovations and approximately $0.1 billion for new stores. we plan to fund these expenditures with our existing cash balances and through internally generated funds.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities resulted in net cash inflows of $3.2 billion in fiscal 2021 and net cash outflows of $2.4 billion in fiscal 2020. in fiscal 2021, these cash inflows were primarily driven by debt transactions. in fiscal 2020, the cash outflows were primarily driven by equity repurchases and dividend payments, partially offset by issuances of common stock.
debt the cash inflows in fiscal 2021 were a result of completing the issuance and sale in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 of (a) $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% notes due 2025, (b) $0.75 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.750% notes due 2027, (c) $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.875% notes due 2030 and (d) $0.75 billion aggregate principal amount of 4.500% notes due 2050. in addition, in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we drew down $1 billion on our previously undrawn revolving credit facilities, which were paid off in full during the second quarter of fiscal 2021. during the fourth quarter, we issued $1 billion in aggregate principal amount of notes and accepted $1.1 billion in combined aggregate principal amount of certain of our notes issued in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 pursuant to cash tender offers. we paid $1.4 billion aggregate consideration in connection with the tender offers, including transaction costs and recorded a $312 million pre-tax loss on the early extinguishment for the accepted notes. see note k-long-term debt and credit lines of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
equity under our stock repurchase programs, during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, tjx paid $0.2 billion to repurchase and subsequently retired 3.4 million shares of our stock on a settlement basis. these outflows were offset by proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options, net of shares withheld for taxes in fiscal 2021. under our stock repurchase programs, tjx spent $1.6 billion to repurchase 28.2 million shares of our stock in fiscal 2020. for further information regarding equity repurchases, see note e-capital stock and earnings per share of notes to consolidated financial statements.
in february 2020, tjx announced that its board of directors had approved a new stock repurchase program that authorizes the repurchase of up to an additional $1.5 billion of tjx common stock from time to time. in march 2020, in connection with the actions taken related to the covid-19 pandemic as described in impact of the covid-19 pandemic above and in note b-impact of the covid-19 pandemic of notes to consolidated financial statements, we suspended our share repurchase program.
dividends in march 2020, we paid our quarterly dividend declared in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, which totaled $0.3 billion. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the covid-19 pandemic, no dividends were declared in the first nine months of fiscal 2021. the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.26 per share in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, paid in march 2021. we also declared a similar dividend of $0.26 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2022. tjx declared quarterly dividends on our common stock which totaled $0.92 per share in fiscal 2020. cash payments for dividends on our common stock totaled $0.3 billion in fiscal 2021 and $1.1 billion in fiscal 2020. we also received proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $0.2 billion in both fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020.
contractual obligations as of january 30, 2021, we had known contractual obligations under long-term debt arrangements (including current installments), other long-term obligations, operating leases for property and equipment and purchase obligations as follows:
payments due by period in millions                                                               total        less than 1 year         1-3 years         3-5 years   more than 5 years long-term debt and other long-term obligations(a)                    $7,510                $918                $808            $1,518         $4,266
operating lease liabilities, including imputed interest(b)           10,277               2,050               3,300             2,419         2,508
purchase obligations(c)                                               5,019               4,785                 232                 2         -
total obligations                                                   $22,806              $7,753              $4,340            $3,939         $6,774
(a)includes estimated interest costs.
(b)operating lease liabilities exclude legally binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced and include options to extend lease terms that are now deemed reasonably certain of being exercised according to our lease accounting policy. the balances do not include variable costs for insurance, real estate taxes, other operating expenses and, in some cases, rentals based on a percentage of sales; these items totaled approximately one-third of the total minimum rent for fiscal 2021.
(c)includes estimated obligations under purchase orders for merchandise and under agreements for capital items, products and services used in our business, including executive employment and other agreements. excludes agreements that can be canceled without penalty.
we also have long-term liabilities for which it is not reasonably possible for us to predict when they may be paid which include $680 million for employee compensation and benefits and $264 million for uncertain tax positions.
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap which requires us to make certain estimates and judgments that impact our reported results. these judgments and estimates are based on historical experience and other factors which we continually review and believe are reasonable. we consider our most critical accounting policies, involving management estimates and judgments, to be those relating to the areas described below.
inventory valuation we use the retail method for valuing inventory for all our businesses except t.k. maxx in australia. the businesses that utilize the retail method have some inventory that is initially valued at cost before the retail method is applied as it has not been fully processed for sale (i.e. inventory in transit and unprocessed inventory in our distribution centers). under the retail method, the cost value of inventory and gross margins are determined by calculating a cost-to-retail ratio and applying it to the retail value of inventory. it involves management estimates with regard to markdowns and inventory shrinkage. under the retail method, permanent markdowns are reflected in inventory valuation when the price of an item is reduced. typically, a significant area of judgment in the retail method is the amount and timing of permanent markdowns. however, as a normal business practice, we have a specific policy as to when and how markdowns are to be taken, greatly reducing management's discretion and the need for management estimates as to markdowns. inventory shrinkage requires estimating a shrinkage rate for interim periods, however we take a full physical inventory near the fiscal year end to determine shrinkage at year end. we do not generally enter into arrangements with vendors that provide for rebates and allowances that could ultimately affect the value of inventory.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets, inclusive of operating lease right of use assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. significant judgment is involved in projecting the cash flows of individual stores, which involve a number of factors including historical trends, recent performance and general economic assumptions. if we determine that an impairment has occurred, we record an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value of those assets over the estimated fair value of the assets. we estimate fair value by obtaining market appraisals or using other valuation techniques.
lease accounting operating leases are included in "operating lease right of use assets", "current portion of operating lease liabilities", and "long-term operating lease liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets. right of use ("rou") assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. at the inception of the arrangement, we determine if an arrangement is a lease based on assessment of the terms and conditions of the contract. operating lease rou assets and lease liabilities are recognized at possession date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. the majority of our leases are retail store locations and the possession date is typically 30 to 60 days prior to the opening of the store and generally occurs before the commencement of the lease term, as specified in the lease. our lessors do not provide an implicit rate, nor is one readily available, therefore we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at possession date in determining the present value of future lease payments. the incremental borrowing rate is calculated based on the us consumer discretionary yield curve and adjusted for collateralization and foreign currency impact for tjx international and tjx canada leases. the operating lease rou asset also includes any acquisition costs offset by lease incentives. our lease terms include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term within "cost of sales, including buying and occupancy costs".
reserves for uncertain tax positions similar to many large corporations, our income and other tax returns and reports are regularly audited by federal, state and local tax authorities in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions where we operate and such authorities may challenge positions we take. we are engaged in various administrative and judicial proceedings in multiple jurisdictions with respect to assessments, claims, deficiencies and refunds and other tax matters, which proceedings are in various stages of negotiation, assessment, examination, litigation and settlement. the outcomes of these proceedings are uncertain. in accordance with gaap, we evaluate our uncertain tax positions based on our understanding of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date, and we accrue for exposure when we believe that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the positions we have taken will not be sustained. however, in the next twelve months and in future periods, the amounts we accrue for uncertain tax positions from time to time or ultimately pay, as the result of the final resolutions of examinations, judicial or administrative proceedings, changes in facts, law, or legal interpretations, expiration of applicable statute of limitations or other resolutions of, or changes in, tax positions may differ either positively or negatively from the amounts we have accrued, and may result in reductions to or additions to accruals, refund claims or payments for periods not currently under examination or for which no claims have been made. final resolutions of our tax positions or changes in accruals for uncertain tax positions could result in additional tax expense or benefit and could have a material impact on our results of operations of the period in which an examination or proceeding is resolved or in the period in which a changed outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.
loss contingencies certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued that may result in a loss to us but will not be resolved until one or more future events occur or fail to occur. our management, with the assistance of our legal counsel, assesses such contingent liabilities. such assessments inherently involve the exercise of judgment. in assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against us or claims that may result in such proceedings, our legal counsel assists us in evaluating the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or claims as well as the perceived merits of the relief sought or expected to be sought therein.
if the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, we will accrue for the estimated liability in the financial statements. if the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be reasonably estimated, we will disclose the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of the possible loss or a statement that such loss is not reasonably estimable.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements related to income taxes, see note a-basis of presentation and summary of accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, including the dates of adoption and estimated effects on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. we do not expect any other recently issued accounting pronouncements will have a material effect on our financial statements.