We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at our manufacturing operations which are widely dispersed in multiple locations in several countries including the U.S., Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, Malaysia, and China. From time to time, we have experienced disruptions in our manufacturing process as a result of power outages, improperly functioning equipment, equipment failures, earthquakes, or other environmental events. If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers’ requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. These relationships include our IMFT joint venture with Intel and our Inotera joint venture with Nanya. To develop new product and process technologies, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology. Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and we expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures and ongoing operations and expect to engage in a variety of transactions for such purposes, including the issuance or incurrence of secured and unsecured debt and the refinancing and restructuring of existing debt. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we initiated a restructure plan in response to the current business environment and the need to accelerate focus on our key priorities in which we expect to save, as compared to our previously planned spending levels, approximately $80 million per quarter in 2017 through a more focused set of projects and programs, the permanent closure of open headcount requisitions, workforce reductions in certain areas of the business, and other non-headcount related spending reductions. Although we hedge our exposure to changes in currency exchange rates from our monetary assets and liabilities by utilizing a rolling hedge strategy for our primary currency exposures with currency forward contracts that generally mature within 35 days, the effectiveness of these hedges is dependent upon our ability to accurately forecast our monetary assets and liabilities. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our raw materials and services, however only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain raw materials and services that meet our standards. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and, by policy, generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. We are subject to counterparty default risks through numerous arrangements with financial institutions, including derivative instruments, which could limit our ability to take action to mitigate our exposure. As of September 1, 2016, we had a revolving credit facility available for up to $488 million of additional financing based on eligible receivables. Amounts held by IMFT of $98 million were generally not available to finance our other operations, and $919 million of cash and equivalents and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries were considered to be indefinitely reinvested, and repatriation would subject these funds to U.S. federal income taxes. In connection with our proposed acquisition of Inotera, our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates could increase if not offset by corresponding hedges. We have entered into capped calls, which are intended to reduce the effect of potential dilution from our convertible notes. From January 2013 through December 2015, we purchased all of Inotera’s DRAM output under supply agreements at prices reflecting discounts from market prices for our comparable components; effective beginning on January 1, 2016, the price for DRAM products purchased by us is based on a formula that equally shares margin between Inotera and us, and the supply agreement has an initial three-year term followed by a three-year wind-down period. We estimate that net cash expenditures in 2017 for property, plant, and equipment will be approximately $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion, which reflects the offset of amounts we expect to be funded by our partners. This integrated approach to maintaining operations, managing liquidity and credit exposures, investing in technology and capital, and restructuring in response to market and environmental pressures reflects our ongoing efforts to preserve functioning under challenging conditions and to adapt resource deployment, risk mitigation, and strategic financing to sustain performance and organizational continuity.