During fiscal 2019, we reported strong financial results consistent with the continued execution of our long-term plans for our two strategic growth areas, digital media and digital experience, while continuing to market and license a broad portfolio of products and solutions. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration, and purchase of subscriptions to our Creative Cloud offerings. Our digital experience business provides comprehensive solutions that enable marketers to measure, personalize, and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We expect that continued demand across our portfolio of Adobe Experience Cloud solutions, including new offerings and enhancements to existing solutions, will drive revenue growth in future years. Our success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue (ARR) has positively affected our revenue growth. The increase in subscription revenue across our offerings was driven by increases in net new subscriptions. We achieved record digital experience revenue, reflecting a strong demand for our solutions. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 are presented in accordance with the new revenue standard that was adopted under the modified retrospective method. We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, facilities expansion, and purchases of computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, product support, and administrative staff. Our cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2019 were primarily comprised of net income adjusted for the net effect of non-cash items. The primary working capital sources of cash were net income coupled with an increase in deferred revenue, which was offset in large part by cash outflows due to an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2020 due to changes in our planned cash outlay, including changes in incremental costs related to our acquisitions. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations, and our available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for the next twelve months. We intend to refinance our term loan and senior notes on or before the due dates. Our term loan and revolving credit agreement contain similar financial covenants requiring us not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio. As of November 29, 2019, we were in compliance with this covenant. We believe this covenant will not impact our credit or cash in the coming fiscal year or restrict our ability to execute our business plan.