During the fourth quarter of 2019, as a result of recent acquisitions and changes to our organizational structure, we reviewed and changed our reportable segments to better align our reporting with management's current approach of allocating costs and resources, managing growth and profitability, and assessing the operating performance of our business segments. We believe this change provides more visibility into these operating segments. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2019. The vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year was recurring revenue that we expect to continue receiving in future periods. Based upon foreign currency exchange rates and the tenant leases in place, we expect to generate nearly $46.9 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods. Our tenant leases typically include provisions that periodically increase the rent due, which contributes to our financial resilience. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases; however, historical churn has not had a material adverse effect on our consolidated property operations. We anticipate that our churn rate will move closer to historical levels over time. Our diversified communications site portfolio enables us to adapt to market demands, and we expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities. We continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our established tenant base provides us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. We have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from different wireless technology deployments over the long term. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth. Our operations are subject to various risks, including the potential impact of regulatory changes and market volatility, which necessitate ongoing risk assessment and strategic response mechanisms. We expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is influenced by the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their networks, which is affected by economic conditions and technological advancements. We believe that our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives will enable us to navigate environmental disruptions and maintain performance under pressure. The ongoing transition from older technologies to advanced mobile technology is expected to drive demand for our services, thereby enhancing our organizational resilience. Our focus on building relationships with large multinational carriers is intended to increase opportunities for growth and mutually beneficial transactions across common markets, further strengthening our competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment.