Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, which are driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing working capital and cash capital expenditures. We seek to improve all aspects of the customer experience, including lowering prices, improving availability, offering faster delivery and performance times, and increasing selection. To minimize unnecessary growth in fixed costs, we seek to improve process efficiencies and maintain a lean culture. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we add employees and technology infrastructure, which supports a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We believe that advances in technology will continue to improve the consumer experience and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We seek to invest efficiently in technology and content to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. We seek to mitigate costs of shipping over time by achieving higher sales volumes, optimizing our fulfillment network, negotiating better terms with our suppliers, and achieving better operating efficiencies. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect technology and content costs to grow at a slower rate in the future due to an increase in the estimated useful life of our servers. We continually evaluate opportunities to sell additional equity or debt securities, obtain credit facilities, or restructure our debt for strategic reasons or to further strengthen our financial position. We believe that cash flows generated from operations and our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities balances will be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating cash needs for at least the next twelve months. However, any projections of future cash needs and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs, which include the costs necessary to build and run our technology infrastructure and fulfillment networks. We expect variability in inventory turnover over time since it is affected by numerous factors, including our product mix and the extent to which we choose to utilize third-party fulfillment providers. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, and interest payments on our long-term obligations. The increase in operating cash flow in 2019 was primarily due to the increase in net income, excluding non-cash charges. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long term. Our liquidity is also affected by restricted cash balances that are pledged as collateral for real estate leases and amounts due to third-party sellers in certain jurisdictions.