The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in an environment where there has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company reported a strength in its ability to consistently generate cash from operations, which is a fundamental financial strength. The company uses cash generated from operations to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is critical for the company, and operating cash flow was $1,502.3 million for 2019 compared to $1,112.7 million for 2018, reflecting a lower usage of cash related to the change in working capital. The company intends to evaluate certain post-2019 earnings for distribution and accrue for those distributions where appropriate, while indefinitely reinvesting all other foreign earnings. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for at least the next twelve months. The company is also focused on controlling costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing high technology performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management. The company’s products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous customers around the world, and it competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company’s operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions are key components of its resilience strategy, allowing it to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive changes to survive, grow, and flourish. The company has also recognized the importance of maintaining organizational health and coherence through effective resource allocation and management, ensuring that it can respond to external pressures and maintain performance under adverse conditions.