We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the industries and markets in which we compete. Uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. Customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. We have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. Our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences. Our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our debt and liquidity needs increased as a result of completing the Symantec asset purchase. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our working capital decreased primarily due to certain unsecured senior notes becoming due within the next twelve months and increases in contract liabilities from adoption of accounting standards. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of our acquisition of the Symantec business and any further acquisitions we may make.