In late 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was first detected in Wuhan, China. Following the outbreak of this virus, the Chinese government has quarantined certain affected regions and certain travel restrictions have been imposed. Our operations team is closely monitoring the potential impact to our supply chain. At this time we have successfully managed through the current impacts. Our operations team has some flexibility to adapt to the changing situation; however, if the situation further deteriorates or the outbreak results in further travel restrictions on both supply and demand, these impacts could affect our full year guidance. We expect recurring payment plan subscriptions to increase as we drive sales of Taser 7, which includes a software subscription with Axon Evidence. The significant increase in backlog, primarily in the software and sensors segment, is indicative of expected revenue growth in this segment. Revenue growth in the software and sensors segment is expected to result in improved operating margins over time as additional revenue will cover a larger portion of our selling, general and administrative expenses and research and development costs. We also anticipate gross margins to improve gradually in future years. Our strategic intent is to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. We have considered the cash flow impacts of this strategic shift and regularly revisit our cash flow forecast with the goal of maintaining a comfortable level of liquidity as we introduce commercial offerings in which we incur upfront cash costs to produce and fulfill hardware sales ahead of the cash inflows from our customers. We believe that these investments will result in an increase in our subscription revenue base, which over time will result in revenue increasing faster than the increase in SG&A expenses and R&D costs, as we reach economies of scale. Our operations are comprised of two reportable segments: the manufacture and sale of CEDs, batteries, accessories and extended warranties and other products and services (collectively, the "Taser" segment); and the development, manufacture, and sale of software and sensors, which includes the sale of devices, wearables, applications, cloud and mobile products, and services (collectively, the "software and sensors" segment). We expect to recognize between 20% - 25% of our total company future contracted revenue over the next twelve months, and expect the remainder to be recognized over the following five to seven years, subject to risks related to delayed deployments, budget appropriation or other contract cancellation clauses. We have shifted our focus to total company future contracted revenue, which we believe is a more relevant and comprehensive forward-looking performance indicator, as it encompasses all company contracts, including Taser. We anticipate sufficient future pre-tax book income to realize a large portion of our deferred tax assets. However, based on expected income for years in which Arizona R&D tax credits are set to expire, and cumulative losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, a reserve of $7.2 million has been recorded as a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2019. We believe financing will be available, both through our existing credit line and possible additional financing. Our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.