We are focused on safely returning the 737 max to service, which has created significant uncertainty and is having a significant adverse impact on our operations. The grounding of the 737 max and the associated suspension of deliveries have significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single aisle aircraft in 2019 and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. We are continuing to monitor the impact of the 737 max grounding on our suppliers and working to ensure that our supply chain can support our production plans once production resumes. The changes in unallocated items, eliminations and other reflect the timing of eliminations for intercompany aircraft deliveries and the sale of aircraft previously leased to customers. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. The decrease in operating cash flows in 2019 primarily reflects the impacts of the 737 max grounding, which is resulting in lower earnings, higher inventory, and lower advances and progress payments. We have made significant assumptions regarding estimated costs expected to be incurred in 2020 and 2021 that should be included in program inventory and those costs that should be expensed when incurred as abnormal production costs. The cumulative impacts of changes to assumptions regarding timing of return to service and timing of planned production rates have increased the estimated costs to produce aircraft included in the current accounting quantity. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, and we expect these pressures to continue or intensify in the coming years. We are experiencing fewer new 737 max orders than we were receiving prior to the grounding, and if 737 max aircraft remain grounded for an extended period of time, we may experience reductions to backlog and/or significant order cancellations. The grounding is having a significant adverse impact on our operations and creates significant uncertainty. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, and increased global environmental regulations. Our long-term contracts typically represent a single distinct performance obligation due to the highly interdependent and interrelated nature of the underlying goods and/or services and the significant service of integration that we provide. Changes in these estimates could result in recognition of cumulative catch-up adjustments to the performance obligation's inception to date revenues, cost of sales, and profit. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We are also subject to various environmental remediation activities and have recorded a liability related to these activities. The ongoing status of negotiations with our customers and the impact of the 737 max grounding on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows are significant considerations. The ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to our operational resilience.