Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently get where they want to go, stay where they want to stay, dine where they want to dine, pay how they want to pay, and experience what they want to experience. We connect consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services around the world through our online platforms. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. The recent coronavirus outbreak has had a significant and negative impact on our business, particularly in China and certain other Asian markets, leading to a significant increase in cancellations and a reduction in new bookings. The ultimate impact of the outbreak on our business is impossible to predict with certainty, and the full extent to which the coronavirus will impact our business and results of operations is unknown. However, decreased travel demand resulting from the outbreak has had a negative impact and is likely to have a negative and material impact on our business, growth, and results of operations. We believe that our growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to increase the number and variety of accommodations we offer consumers, improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our online platforms. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. We have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel, which we refer to as the "connected trip." Although we expect our efforts to build the connected trip may increase revenue growth over time, we may see a negative impact on our operating margins in the near term as we incur the expenses associated with these investments. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. However, this results in additional expenses for personnel, payment processing, customer chargebacks, and other expenses related to these transactions. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance marketing returns on investment. We have experienced significant increases in our cancellation rates, which negatively affected our marketing efficiency and results of operations. Perceived or actual adverse economic conditions, including slow or negative economic growth, high unemployment rates, inflation, and concerns over government responses, could impair consumer spending and adversely affect travel demand. These kinds of events have negatively affected our business and results of operations in the past and may do so again in the future. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations.