BlackRock is implementing a number of steps to prepare for various outcomes, including organizational, governance and operational changes, applying for and receiving licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications, which are expected to add complexity to BlackRock's European operations. The company is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies, leveraging its world-class risk management, analytics and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The diversity of BlackRock's platform facilitates the generation of organic growth in various market environments, and as client preferences evolve. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock is committed to helping clients build more resilient portfolios, making sustainability integral to the way it manages risk, constructs portfolios, designs products, and engages with companies. The company has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice and plans to accelerate those efforts. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders consistently. The company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business, with total liquidity resources decreasing during 2019, primarily reflecting cash dividend payments and share repurchases. BlackRock's management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow assets under management organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products, and optimizing distribution capabilities. The company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. BlackRock's ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals is critical to its success, and fluctuations in the carrying value of its economic investments may impact its performance. The company continues to monitor various factors, including assets under management, for potential indicators of impairment, and it assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually. The company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate. BlackRock's operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are essential for navigating the complexities of the business environment, particularly in response to external pressures and market volatility. The company emphasizes the importance of crisis management and organizational change processes to maintain resilience in the face of adversity and to ensure operational continuity.