We are realizing the benefits of operating as one company, with a unified product, marketing, and service infrastructure. We expect our insourced, high-quality workforce will continue to drive an improved customer experience which will result in lower customer churn, longer customer lifetimes, and improved productivity with fewer customer calls and truck rolls per customer relationship. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. We have experienced a meaningful reduction in cable capital expenditures as a percent of revenue in 2019 and expect continued lower cable capital intensity in 2020. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. As we continue to grow our mobile service and scale the business, we expect continued negative impacts to adjusted EBITDA, as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we sell the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. We monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. We consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions, and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, and the actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2020 will depend on a number of factors including further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses. We believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow, and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs. Our target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months adjusted EBITDA remains at 4 to 4.5 times adjusted EBITDA, and we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within charter's target leverage range. We actively review potential acquisitions, swaps, or dispositions against our objectives including improving operational efficiency, geographic clustering of assets, product development, or technology capabilities of our business. We expect these developments, along with the launch of 5G service offerings in 2020, to contribute to the growth of our mobile business. We have experimental wireless licenses from the FCC that we are utilizing to test next-generation mobile services in several service areas around the country. We believe that our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, but a significant change in the nature or extent of our operating practices could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. We expect programming rates will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent, and additional programming. We have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers and do not expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.