We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel, natural gas, electric, and hybrid powertrains and powertrain-related components. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. In November 2019, we announced our intentions to reduce our global workforce in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets in the second half of 2019, as well as expected reductions in orders in most U.S. and international markets in 2020. We expect to realize annualized savings from restructuring and other actions of approximately $250 million to $300 million. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, debt service obligations, and restructuring actions. We generated $3.2 billion of operating cash flows in 2019. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We are also fully cooperating with government agencies' information requests and inquiries regarding our emissions certification process. We expect to incur $116 million in cash payments in 2020 related to restructuring actions, which impacted approximately 2,300 employees. The voluntary actions were completed by December 31, 2019, and the majority of the involuntary actions were executed prior to January 31, 2020. We expect to maintain credit facilities of a similar aggregate amount by renewing or replacing these facilities before expiration. We have access to committed credit facilities that total $3.5 billion. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. We believe ebitda is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. Our restructuring actions are primarily in the form of voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. We expect to incur a charge of $119 million related to these actions. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions, with approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures expected to be invested outside of the U.S. in 2020.