Conocophillips is designed to be resilient in lower price environments while retaining upside during periods of higher prices. Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain volatile and is focused on portfolio diversification and optimization, a strong balance sheet, and disciplined capital investment to navigate through volatile energy cycles. We believe our commitment to our value proposition positions us for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. Our operational and financial factors affecting profitability include maintaining a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship, controlling costs, and optimizing our portfolio to focus on low-cost supply assets that support our strategy. We strive to maintain balance sheet strength, which we believe is critical in a cyclical business. Our strong operating performance buffered by a solid balance sheet enables us to deliver on our priorities through price cycles. We have a commitment to delivering value to our shareholders via a growing, sustainable dividend supplemented by share repurchases. Our capital allocation discipline is essential in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, allowing us to invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, and maintain existing fields. We actively manage our operating and overhead costs, which is critical to maintaining a competitive position in a low commodity price environment. Our ability to control these costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations. We continue to optimize our asset portfolio and evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio, directing capital towards the most competitive investments. Our operational focus includes executing our operating plan safely and maintaining capital and cost discipline. We have embraced digital transformation and are using digital innovations to work and operate more efficiently, which enhances our organizational capabilities. Our climate change action plan tracks mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in our corporate sustainable development risk register. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure these trajectories toward the ensuing future. The ability to foresee, confront, and benefit from sudden disruptive change is integral to our organizational resilience. We recognize that environmental laws and regulations can create significant operational and investment changes, impacting our ability to adapt and respond effectively. Our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity. We also strive to attract, develop, and retain a talented workforce to support our business strategy and values. The ability to maintain operational continuity and flexibility in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions is critical to our organizational effectiveness and long-term success.