We believe we contribute to disaster recovery and resilience in the communities we serve. For example, we mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area in the wake of Hurricane Harvey in the summer of 2017. Our business has reduced the carbon and other environmental footprint of the global transportation industry. We support the world's communities in two important ways. First, we believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. For example, many of the automobiles sold through our auction platform are purchased for use in developing countries where affordable transportation is a critical enabler of education, health care, and well-being more generally. We anticipate acquiring and developing facilities in new regions, as well as the regions currently served by our facilities. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing national coverage for our sellers. We implement our pricing structure and auction procedures, and attempt to introduce cost efficiencies at each of our acquired facilities by implementing our operational procedures, integrating our management information systems, and redeploying personnel, when necessary. Our primary source of working capital is cash operating results and debt financing. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. The period-to-period comparability of our consolidated operating results and financial position is affected by business acquisitions, new openings, weather, and product introductions during such periods. The increase in the cost to process each car in fiscal 2018 in the U.S. relates to the negative impact of abnormal costs for temporary storage facilities; abnormally high costs for subhaulers; increased labor costs due to overtime; travel and lodging due to the reassignment of employees; and equipment lease expenses to handle the increased volume associated with Hurricane Harvey. We continue to expand and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. We have no material non-cancelable commitments for future capital expenditures as of July 31, 2019. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. During the winter months, most of our facilities process 5% to 20% more vehicles than at other times of the year. This increased volume requires the increased use of our cash to pay out advances and handling costs of the additional business. We cannot predict future trends in total loss frequency. The factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns are many and varied and we cannot predict their movements. The increase in total loss frequency may have been driven by the decline in used car values relative to repair costs, which we believe are generally trending upward.