We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. Our strategic priorities include the following: accelerating our pace of innovation, increasing the value of the network, and transforming our business model. We continue to operate in a challenging and highly competitive environment. We expect ongoing uncertainty in the service provider customer market. While the overall environment remains uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving profitable growth over the long term. We believe that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated, and intelligent platforms for our customers. We have experienced product revenue growth in the enterprise, public sector, and commercial markets, partially offset by a product revenue decline in the service provider market. Our product revenue reflected growth in infrastructure platforms, applications, and security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased software and subscriptions. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required. We monitor these investments for events or circumstances indicative of potential impairment, and we make appropriate reductions in carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required, based primarily on the financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. We expect to continue to expand the use of our financing programs in the near term. We could be called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Our product gross margin also benefited from the sale of our lower margin spvss business during the second quarter of fiscal 2019. We expect this restructuring plan to be substantially completed in the first half of fiscal 2020. We believe that our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with our current demand forecasts. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changes in market conditions to ensure long-term resilience and success.