CVS Health Corporation is the nation's premier health innovation company helping people on their path to better health. The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. The company has approximately 9,900 retail locations and approximately 1,100 walk-in medical clinics, which are strategically positioned to engage consumers with the care they need when and where they need it. The company acquired Aetna to improve the consumer health care experience by combining Aetna's health care benefits products and services with CVS Health's retail locations and integrated pharmacy capabilities, aiming to become the new, trusted front door to health care. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, debt and leverage levels, and capital expenditure requirements, ensuring operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, and potential future borrowings will be sufficient to fund future payments and long-term initiatives. The company expects changes to its business environment to continue as government officials propose and enact significant modifications to public policy and existing laws and regulations. The company has realigned the composition of its segments to reflect changes to its operating model and how its chief operating decision maker reviews information and manages the business. The company uses adjusted operating income as its principal measure of segment performance, enhancing its ability to compare past financial performance with current performance and analyze underlying business performance and trends. The health care benefits segment is one of the nation's leading diversified health care benefits providers, serving an estimated 37 million people. The company has the information and resources to help members make more informed decisions about their health care. The company believes it is on track to achieve its target of $800-900 million of synergies from the Aetna acquisition. The company’s pharmacy services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, and clinical services. The company has observed an increase in completion factors relative to those assumed at the prior year end, reflecting its adaptability and responsiveness to changing conditions. The company believes its strategic initiatives and operational management practices will allow it to confront challenges and maintain performance under pressure. The company’s operational continuity and strategic response mechanisms are designed to ensure resilience in the face of environmental disruptions and unexpected situations. The company has established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. The company’s investments in transformation and enterprise modernization programs are expected to enhance its organizational capabilities and effectiveness, ensuring it can navigate complex situations and maintain organizational health. The company’s strategic foresight and proactive measures are aimed at ensuring long-term sustainability and success in a turbulent market environment.