The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices, extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding, climate changes, and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities. Additionally, risks associated with operating businesses in regulated industries that are subject to changing regulatory structures, changes to regulated electric rates, and risks associated with membership and participation in regional transmission organizations are pertinent. The companies evaluate whether or not recovery of regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses, generally based on orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation, judicial actions, past experience, and discussions with applicable regulatory authorities. The impact of operational hazards, including adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events, is also a concern. Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, developing, or alternative sources of generation and smart grid technologies, and changes in demand for the companies' services are significant. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows, and these risks include environmental protection and monitoring expenditures, which have been incurred in connection with environmental protection and monitoring activities. The companies expect these expenses to be approximately $286 million and $275 million in the upcoming years. The potential financial impacts of future environmental regulations, including those related to climate change and state actions regarding air and greenhouse gas emissions, could be material to the companies' financial condition and/or cash flows. The companies are also subject to costs resulting from federal, state, and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment, which can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs due to compliance, remediation, containment, and monitoring obligations. The companies have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events, reconstitute the trajectories in immediate response to the event, and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future. These models highlight the importance of maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changing conditions to ensure organizational health and effectiveness. The companies' strategic initiatives and resource management practices are designed to enhance their resilience and ability to confront external pressures while maintaining performance under adverse conditions.