The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. We continue to focus on disciplined capital deployment through profitable organic loan growth and execution of our capital plan. Our marketing strategy is focused on adding new accounts to achieve continued loan growth. We expect the total net charge-off rate to increase primarily due to the seasoning of recent loan growth. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short-term and long-term borrowings. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The liquidity risk profiles of our organization are monitored, and we conduct liquidity stress tests regularly to ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. We evaluate a range of stress scenarios that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. Our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. We have altered the composition of our liquidity portfolio to mitigate the potential volatility of earnings that may arise from changes in interest rates. The size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon operational requirements, market conditions, and interest rate risk management policies. We believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. We plan to continue to use loan modification programs as a means to provide relief to customers experiencing temporary financial difficulties. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including the actions of policymakers at the federal and state levels, our competitors, and consumers. We have been notified that we are subject to the CCAR quantitative process in 2020. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We maintain a liquidity management framework document, which outlines the general strategies, objectives, and principles we utilize to manage our liquidity position and the various liquidity risks inherent in our business model. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity, including early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events. The ALCO monitors the liquidity risk profiles and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources. The board of directors regularly reviews our compliance with our liquidity limits, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.