We believe our business is well positioned with a broad geographic footprint, affordable product offerings, a balanced supply of finished lots, land and homes, a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, and experienced personnel across our operating markets. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to make opportunistic strategic investments. This strategy includes developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We manage our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. We believe our operating strategy, which has produced positive results in recent years, will allow us to maintain and improve our financial and competitive position and balance sheet strength. However, we cannot provide any assurances that the initiatives listed above will continue to be successful, and we may need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. Our future sales volumes will depend on new home demand in each of our operating markets and our ability to successfully implement our operating strategies. We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We expect to see solid housing demand, concentrated in markets where job growth is occurring and new home prices remain affordable relative to household incomes. Our operating strategy includes modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and sales incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. We remain focused on growing our revenues and profitability, generating consistently strong annual cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our financial flexibility allows us to adjust to changes in market conditions and to consider opportunistic strategic investments as they arise. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, and ability to access the capital markets will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. We expect that housing market conditions will vary across our markets, and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, decreased home affordability, increases in mortgage interest rates, or tightening of mortgage lending standards. We attempt to control our selling, general and administrative expense infrastructure to match production levels, and we cannot make assurances that we will be able to maintain or improve upon the current expense as a percentage of revenues.