Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders, and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry generally will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our portfolio included 225 data centers, with approximately 36.6 million rentable square feet, including approximately 4.5 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.8 million square feet of space held for development. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Economic downturns or regional downturns affecting our metropolitan areas could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. Our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property and ad valorem taxes, property management fees, insurance, and site maintenance costs. In addition, we strive to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule and seek to maximize the menu of our available sources of capital while minimizing costs. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations and by drawing upon our global revolving credit facilities. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space. Our past performance may not be indicative of future results, and we cannot assure you that leases will be renewed or that our data centers will be re-leased at all or at rental rates equal to or above the current average rental rates. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure, targeting a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x and fixed charge coverage of greater than three times. Our portfolio, including the 41 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 86.8% leased. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply and continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. We may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which may include curtailing development activity or disposing of properties. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions, and adverse developments in the corporate data center and technology industries. Changes in industry practice or technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete. We are also subject to the commitments discussed under "commitments and contingencies," "off-balance sheet arrangements," and "distributions."