We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 41 million medical members through our affiliated health plans. Our strategy has been to participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance and regulatory environment. We manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends and frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs and any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We have experienced growth in our life and disability and dental memberships primarily due to higher sales in our large group business. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. The increase in total operating revenue was primarily from higher premiums, largely due to Medicaid expansions in new and existing markets and membership growth in our Medicare business. The increase in operating gain was primarily driven by the benefits realized in pharmacy cost as a result of the launch of IngenioRx in 2019 and greater penetration of value-added services and integrated health offerings. We have a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases, and dividends to shareholders. Our ability to borrow under credit facilities is subject to compliance with certain covenants, and we do not believe the restrictions contained in these covenants materially affect our financial or operating flexibility. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. Our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital requirements for health and other insurance companies, which are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements, including liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, and other significant accounting policies. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash, and investments will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.