This annual report on Form 10-K contains various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning Emerson's operations, future results, and prospects. Management believes that the company’s internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions, and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. Management closely monitors operating profit and operating profit margin of each business to evaluate past performance and actions required to improve profitability. The company’s financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company routinely repatriates a portion of its non-U.S. cash from earnings each year, or otherwise when it can be accomplished tax efficiently, and provides for withholding taxes and any applicable U.S. income taxes as appropriate. The audit committee meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge by each of its responsibilities. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The determination of operating cash flow adds back noncash depreciation expense to earnings and thereby does not reflect a charge for necessary capital expenditures. The company evaluates its contracts with customers to identify the promised goods or services and recognizes revenue for the identified performance obligations at the amount the company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. The company is conducting a comprehensive review of its operational, capital allocation, and portfolio initiatives. The outlook discussed excludes any potential impact from the board's ongoing review. The company has identified important economic, political, and technological factors, among others, changes in which could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. The company believes that presenting earnings, earnings per share, return on common stockholders' equity, and return on total capital excluding certain gains and losses is more representative of the company's operational performance and may be more useful for investors. The company has been largely successful in defending itself against claims and suits that have been brought against it, and will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters. The company has engaged an outside expert to develop an actuarial estimate of its expected costs to resolve all pending and future asbestos claims, including defense costs, as well as its related insurance receivables. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company. The company has been able to maintain its integrity and performance while under internal or external variations and disturbances, reflecting its ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity.