We operate in two business segments: the upstream segment, which is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves, and the midstream operations segment, which focuses on ownership, operation, development, and acquisition of midstream infrastructure assets. Our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of formations in the Permian Basin, where we intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploration activities. We have a multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and are focused on low-cost operations and best-in-class execution. To combat potential fluctuations in service costs, we have sought to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs. Our 2020 drilling and completion budget accounts for capital costs that we believe cover potential increases in our service costs during the year. We remain focused on navigating industry challenges by staying disciplined, improving our cost structure, and increasing environmental transparency. We have budgeted a total capital spend for 2020, which includes significant amounts allocated for horizontal drilling and midstream investments. Our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control, allowing us to adjust our planned expenditures based on various factors, including commodity prices and operational performance. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to drilling results, changes in prices, availability of financing, and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, or other means. Our cash flow from operations, cash on hand, and borrowings under our revolving credit facility are expected to be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2020. However, future cash flows are subject to variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility to adapt to unexpected situations and external pressures. Our agreements with Rattler include substantial acreage dedications, and we have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements utilizing Rattler's infrastructure assets to provide essential services critical to our upstream operations. The operational management of our assets and the strategic initiatives we undertake are designed to enhance our resilience against environmental disruptions and market volatility. We continuously assess our operational resources and capabilities to ensure effective risk management and to maintain performance under pressure. Our focus on strategic adaptation and organizational learning enables us to confront challenges and leverage opportunities for growth and sustainability in a turbulent market environment.