We are a leading international mining company with a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. During 2019, we advanced initiatives in our North America and South America mining operations to enhance productivity, expand margins, and reduce the capital intensity of the business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. The pilot program initiated at the Bagdad mine successfully utilized data science, machine learning, and integrated functional teams to address bottlenecks, provide cost benefits, and drive improved overall performance. This program is being implemented across our North America and South America operations. We believe that we have significant mineral reserves, resources, and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and molybdenum, as well as other factors. The key measures that management focuses on in operating our business are sales volumes, unit net cash costs, operating cash flows, and capital expenditures. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold, and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, and other working capital changes. We expect capital expenditures for the development of the new smelter in Indonesia to approximate $0.5 billion in 2020, with a significant portion of projected capital expenditures related to projects expected to add significant production and cash flow in future periods. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Our North America copper mines include open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching, and solution extraction/electrowinning operations. Future investments are dependent on market conditions and will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, including the incorporation of innovation initiatives to reduce capital intensity. We have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in North America and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 116.0 billion pounds of copper, 29.6 million ounces of gold, and 3.58 billion pounds of molybdenum. The ongoing productivity and innovation initiatives are targeting the opportunity to increase production, and we expect to incorporate positive drilling and ongoing results in our future development plans. We have cash on hand and the financial flexibility to fund these expenditures and will continue to be disciplined in deploying capital. We believe the underlying long-term fundamentals of the copper business remain positive, supported by the significant role of copper in the global economy and a challenging long-term supply environment attributable to difficulty in replacing existing large mines' output with new production sources. Our operations are subject to various national, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. The cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business, and we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. We recognize asset retirement obligations as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. Our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible long-lived assets.