We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of trends in order to maintain and grow our business. As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. We expect this trend to continue in the long term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes servers and network equipment. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. We have seen an increase in YouTube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional search ads. Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining our growth rate as revenues increase to higher levels; changes in our product mix; changes in advertising quality or formats and delivery; the evolution of the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments in new business strategies; query growth rates; and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We continue to make significant investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our business. We expect our future effective tax rate to be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in countries with different statutory rates. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. Our growth rate for Google Cloud and Google other revenues may be affected by the seasonality associated with new product and service launches and market dynamics.