The recent outbreak of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 has led to adverse impacts on the U.S. and global economies and created uncertainty regarding potential impacts to our supply chain, operations, and customer demand. The pandemic has impacted and could further impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and vendors as a result of quarantines, facility closures, and travel and logistics restrictions. As a result of COVID-19, we have reduced store operating hours, expanded our paid time off policy for associates, and shifted certain store support operations to remote or virtual, and we may face additional labor-related costs. We are also taking steps in our stores to manage foot traffic to better protect our customers and associates. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our operations as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. While the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty regarding its duration. Therefore, while we expect the pandemic to impact our business, results of operations, financial position, and liquidity, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact at this time. Our cash position, cash flow generated from operations, funds available from our commercial paper programs, and access to the long-term debt capital markets should be sufficient for our operating requirements and to enable us to fund our capital expenditures, dividend payments, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. Given the current uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we may adjust our capital expenditures as necessary or appropriate to support the operations of the business. We believe we have the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. Cash provided by or used in operating activities is also subject to changes in working capital. Our significant contractual obligations at February 2, 2020, reflect the need for operational flexibility and preparedness in the face of potential disruptions. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales, with total comparable sales increasing 3.5% in fiscal 2019, reflecting traffic growth and the execution of strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. Our strategic initiatives are aimed at maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changing market conditions, which is essential for organizational resilience. We recognize that the ability to foresee and confront challenges, including environmental disruptions, is critical for survival and growth. The ongoing evaluation of our long-lived assets and the establishment of liabilities for certain losses related to self-insurance reflect our commitment to risk management and organizational health. We believe that our estimates of vendor allowances and inventory valuation provide a reasonable reflection of our operational capabilities and resilience in managing resources effectively.