Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global footprint and fee-based business. By increasing the number of management and franchise contracts with third-party owners, we expect to increase overall return on invested capital and cash available for return to stockholders. We evaluate the economic viability of the property based on its geographic location, the credit quality of the third-party owner, and other factors. The success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depend on our ability to perform under our management and franchise contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party owners and franchisees. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new incremental opportunities for property development that can support our growth. We believe that we have good relationships with our third-party owners, franchisees, and developers and are committed to the continued growth and development of these relationships. The hospitality industry is seasonal in nature, and the periods during which our properties experience higher or lower levels of demand vary from property to property. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions, while continuing to optimize our customers' experience and the value of our hotels and brands. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels or corporate operations is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs. We monitor the potential impact of external pressures such as Brexit and the coronavirus outbreak on our business. The extent to which our future results are affected by the coronavirus will largely depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. We are required to translate the results of operations from functional currencies into USD at market-based foreign currency exchange rates for each reporting period. We hedge foreign exchange-based cash flow variability in certain of our fees using forward contracts designated as hedging instruments. Our investment policy is focused on the preservation of capital and maximizing the return on new and existing investments while returning available capital to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our long-term liquidity requirements consist of funds necessary to pay for scheduled debt maturities, capital improvements, and commitments to owners in our management and franchise segment. We believe that our cash and the use of our senior secured revolving credit facility will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating and other expenditures for the foreseeable future. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt, we may be required to reduce capital expenditures or issue additional equity securities. We evaluate our business segment operating performance using operating income, without allocating other revenues and expenses or general and administrative expenses. Changes in consumer demand and general business cycles have historically subjected our revenues to significant volatility. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments and to pay interest on our debt depends on our future operating performance, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hospitality industry that may be beyond our control. The increase in interest expense was primarily due to the issuances of senior notes, and the losses on foreign currency transactions primarily resulted from certain intercompany financing arrangements. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and actual results may differ significantly from these estimates due to changes in judgments, assumptions, and conditions.