As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally. Global and regional economic conditions have substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, impacting the values of the investments we make, our ability to exit these investments profitably, our ability to raise capital from investors, and our ability to make new investments. Economic conditions, including political uncertainty, regulatory changes, and market volatility, can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital. Periods of volatility and dislocation in the capital markets present substantial risks, but also can present us with opportunities to invest at reduced valuations that position us for future growth and investment returns. Our ability to grow our revenues depends in part on our ability to attract new capital and investors, our successful deployment of capital, and our ability to realize investments at a profit. Challenging market and economic conditions may adversely affect our ability to exit and realize value from our investments and result in lower-than-expected returns. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our ability to successfully deploy the capital available to us and participate in capital markets transactions. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating revenues consist of fees, performance income, and investment income, and our ability to grow revenues is influenced by our ability to attract new capital and investors. The increase in management fees during the year ended December 31, 2019 compared to the prior period was due primarily to management fees earned from our European Fund V, which entered its investment period in 2019. The increase in transaction fees was primarily attributable to an increase in the number of transaction fee-generating investments. The significant widening of credit spreads is also typically expected to negatively impact equity markets, which in turn would negatively impact our portfolio. Our ability to attract new capital and investors in our funds is driven, in part, by the extent to which they continue to see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. The recent outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19) has added pressure to the economic outlook, which could have repercussions across regional and global financial markets. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to continue to grow our business lines, including seeding new strategies, funding our capital commitments made to existing and future funds, and servicing debt obligations. Our management of liquidity and capital requirements focuses on our cash flows before the consolidation of our funds and collateralized financing entities. We have access to funding under various credit facilities, other borrowing arrangements, and other sources of liquidity that we have entered into with major financial institutions. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of adversity.