We are a global company focused on leading the world in essentials for a better life, with manufacturing facilities in 32 countries and products sold in more than 175 countries. In operating our business, we seek to grow our portfolio of brands through innovation, category development, and commercial execution, leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocate capital in value-creating ways. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The 2018 global restructuring program was initiated to reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying our manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. Annual pre-tax savings from the 2018 global restructuring program are expected to be $500 to $550 million by 2021. To implement this program, we expect to incur incremental capital spending of approximately $600 to $700 million by the end of 2020. Results in 2019 include net charges related to the 2018 global restructuring program and a net gain related to the sale of property associated with a former manufacturing facility that was closed as part of a past restructuring. The comparison was positively impacted by organic sales growth and cost savings, partially offset by input cost inflation, unfavorable currency effects, and higher advertising spending. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, payments for our 2018 global restructuring program, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which supports our commercial paper program and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. Our products are sold under well-known brands, and we have three reportable business segments: personal care, consumer tissue, and K-C Professional. The improvements in net selling prices and product mix were driven by product innovations, increased brand investments, and category growth. We are committed to operational continuity and resilience strategies that enhance our organizational capabilities in response to external pressures and environmental disruptions. We anticipate that our focus on strategic initiatives, including leveraging our financial discipline and allocating capital in value-creating ways, will support our organizational health and competitive advantage in turbulent markets. Our cash provided by operations was $2.7 billion in 2019 compared to $3.0 billion in 2018, reflecting increased working capital and tax payments, partially offset by higher earnings and lower pension contributions. We are also committed to maintaining a strong organizational culture that fosters adaptability and responsiveness to complex situations, ensuring our long-term success in a dynamic business environment.