We discuss our operations in the following reportable business segments: North American full-service, North American limited-service, and Asia Pacific. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. This strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. Our brands remain strong due to our skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior guest service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, loyalty program, multichannel reservation systems, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We believe that our loyalty program generates substantial repeat business that might otherwise go to competing hotels, and we strategically market to the program's large and growing member base to generate revenue. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities, technology offerings, and guest experiences. We address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet our standards. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Managed properties in our system continue to maintain tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. The coronavirus outbreak currently is impacting our operations in China and other parts of our Asia Pacific segment by necessitating the closure of numerous hotels in mainland China and significantly reducing demand in Greater China and certain other Asia Pacific markets. We cannot presently estimate the overall operational and financial impact, which could be material to our 2020 results, and which is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of the outbreak and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. Our development pipeline grew to a record 515,000 rooms, with more than half located outside of North America. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans and fund our liquidity needs. We expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. If conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility, which we believe will be adequate to fund our liquidity needs. We have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.