We are a global leader in healthcare supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare technology. We are uniquely positioned to respond to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Canada, and Europe, working closely with national and local governments, agencies, and industry partners to ensure supplies, including personal protective equipment and medicine, reach our customers and patients when they need them. The various responses we put in place to mitigate the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations, including telecommuting and work-from-home policies, restricted travel requirements, employee support programs, and enhanced safety measures, are intended to limit exposure to COVID-19. These successful steps have resulted in limited disruption of our normal business operations and productivity trends. We have a robust business continuity and disaster recovery program and have proactively enhanced our business continuity and disaster recovery program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic impact on our supply chain and were able to maintain appropriate labor and overall vendor supply levels under the circumstances in the fourth quarter, despite challenges including higher sickness rates and service level issues with suppliers. Supplier shortages and stock-outs for certain products have occurred in specific instances as demand in excess of supply escalated for certain items tied to the COVID-19 pandemic response. We are proactively working with manufacturers, industry partners, and government agencies to meet the needs of our customers during the pandemic. We have assembled a critical care drug task force, made up of our procurement specialists, clinical health systems pharmacists, and supply chain professionals, focused on securing additional product where available, sourcing back-up products, adjusting allocations to ensure equitable distribution, and to protect our operations across all locations and facilities. Our consolidated balance sheets and ability to maintain financial liquidity remain strong, and we have experienced no material impacts to our liquidity or net working capital. We remain well-capitalized with access to liquidity from our revolving credit facility, long-term debt markets, and commercial paper markets. We have seen some improvement in conditions in the debt markets and commercial paper markets as the Federal Reserve has taken steps to stabilize the markets. We believe we have the ability to meet the covenants of our credit agreements. We are monitoring closely for trends that may impact our timing or ability to pay amounts owed to us. Overall operating margins were compressed due to higher pharmaceutical distribution volumes, shifts in product mix, higher demand by retail national accounts, and increased operating expenses. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted our business operations and financial results beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020. Although the financial impact on our overall 2020 results is limited due to the timing of the outbreak, we face numerous uncertainties in estimating the direct and indirect effects on our future business operations, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. The pandemic has potential to increase the variations in our working capital, which we will continue to monitor closely. We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we continue to supply our customers and protect the safety of our employees, demonstrating our organizational resilience in navigating the challenges posed by the pandemic.