The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements. We aim to be the global leader in snacking, focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence, and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to create long-term value for our shareholders. We monitor a number of developments and trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand operations, including in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We aim to protect profitability through the management of costs and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market. We have been monitoring the outbreak of a new coronavirus that originated in China, which we believe could have a negative impact on our results in the short term, and we are taking steps to protect our employees, consumers, and business. Following a global malware incident that impacted our business, we executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment. We also restored our main operating systems and processes and enhanced our system security. The recovery from the incident was largely resolved by the end of 2017, and we continued efforts to strengthen our security measures and enhance general information technology, business process, and disclosure controls. Our operations and management structure are organized into four operating segments to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively, and pursue growth opportunities across key markets. We believe that cash from operations, our revolving credit facilities, short-term borrowings, and our authorized long-term financing will provide sufficient liquidity for our working capital needs, planned capital expenditures, and future payments. We continue to utilize our commercial paper program, international credit lines, and long-term debt issuances for our funding requirements. We also use intercompany loans with our international subsidiaries to improve financial flexibility. Our total debt was $18.4 billion at December 31, 2019, and we expect to fund repayments with a combination of cash from operations, short-term debt, and long-term debt. We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends to secure ingredients, packaging, and fuel required for production. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources. We have taken measures to increase our resources in customer service and logistics, together with increasing our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging, and finished goods in the United Kingdom to help manage through the Brexit transition and inherent risks. We believe these actions will help drive demand in our categories and strengthen our positions across markets.