Management has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to ensure that policies relating to business conduct, ethics, and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, and the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm utilizes shorter-term secured financing for highly liquid assets and has established longer tenor limits for less liquid assets, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. The firm is involved with various special purpose entities (SPEs) in the normal course of business, and its variable interests in SPEs include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, derivative instruments, and certain fees. The firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity upon its initial involvement and reassesses this determination on an ongoing basis. The firm focuses its analysis on decisions made prior to the initial closing of the transaction and at the termination of the transaction. The firm has provided or agreed to be responsible for representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions. The firm may also enter into derivative transactions with the SPE, which exposes the firm to changes in the collateral's value. The firm has established a liability for unrecognized tax benefits that it believes is adequate in relation to the potential for additional assessments. The firm believes that the resolution of tax examinations will not have a material effect on the annual financial statements. The firm has established procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and performs procedures that respond to those risks. The firm’s risk management practices include evaluating the adequacy of collateral and the potential impact of changes in market conditions on the value of collateral. The firm’s operational management involves a focus on maintaining organizational health and resilience through strategic initiatives and resource allocation. The firm has developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure these trajectories toward the ensuing future. The firm’s approach to crisis management emphasizes the importance of preparedness and the ability to adapt to unexpected situations, ensuring operational continuity and flexibility in response to environmental disruptions. The firm’s organizational practices are designed to enhance its resilience strategies, enabling it to confront and recover from adverse conditions while maintaining performance and operational effectiveness. The firm’s commitment to organizational learning and knowledge management supports its adaptability and resourcefulness in navigating complex situations and market volatility.