We are a leading provider of critical decision support tools and services for the global investment community. Leveraging our knowledge of the global investment process and our expertise in research, data, and technology, our actionable solutions power better investment decisions by enabling our clients to understand and analyze key drivers of risk and return and confidently and efficiently build more effective portfolios. Our industry-leading, research-enhanced products and services include indexes; portfolio construction and risk management analytics; ESG research and ratings; and real estate benchmarks, return analytics, and market insights. Through our integrated franchise, we provide solutions across our products and services to support our clients' dynamic and complex needs. We are flexible in the delivery of our content and capabilities, much of which can be accessed by our clients through multiple channels and platforms. We are focused on staying at the forefront of investment trends to address the evolving needs of our clients in a changing industry. In order to most effectively serve our clients, we are committed to driving an integrated solutions-based approach, achieving service excellence, enhancing our differentiated research and content, and delivering flexible, cutting-edge technology and platforms. Our growth strategy includes expanding leadership in research-enhanced content, strengthening existing and new client relationships by providing solutions, improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, expanding value-added service offerings, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including GAAP and non-GAAP measures. We also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. Our business is not highly capital intensive, and we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into excess cash in the future. As of December 31, 2019, we had offices in more than 30 cities across more than 20 countries to help serve our diverse client base. Our clients comprise a wide spectrum of the global investment industry, including asset owners, asset managers, financial intermediaries, and wealth managers. We measure the fees related to our agreements and refer to this as "run rate." The actual amount of recurring revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ from run rate for numerous reasons, including fluctuations in revenues associated with new recurring sales, modifications, cancellations, and non-renewals of existing client contracts. The retention rate is an important metric because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues over time. We believe that global cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our global operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. Our contractual obligations consist primarily of leases for office space, leases for equipment and other operating leases, obligations to vendors arising out of market data contracts, and our debt obligations arising from the issuance of the senior notes. We have an aggregate of $3,100.0 million in senior unsecured notes and entered into a $400.0 million revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks. The revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness, among other restrictions.