The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues, partially offset by increased content expenses as we continue to acquire, license and produce content, including more Netflix originals, as well as increased marketing expenses and headcount costs to support continued improvements in our streaming service, our international expansion, and our growing content production activities. We expect that from time to time the prices of our membership plans in each country may change and we may test other plan and price variations. The increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulted from our price changes and plan mix, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. The increase in cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily due to a $1,684 million increase in content amortization relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We anticipate continuing to finance our future capital needs in the debt market. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs and personnel-related costs. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and result in future net cash used in operating activities and negative free cash flows for many years. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity metric because it measures, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content. We define free cash flow as cash provided by (used in) operating and investing activities excluding the non-operational cash flows from purchases, maturities and sales of short-term investments. Our business model is subscription based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. We recognize content assets (licensed and produced) as "non-current content assets, net" on the consolidated balance sheet. We review factors that impact the amortization of the content assets on a regular basis. Our estimates related to these factors require considerable management judgment. We believe that it is more likely than not that most of the deferred tax assets recorded on our consolidated balance sheets will ultimately be realized. We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. The contractual obligations table above does not include any estimated obligation for the unknown future titles, payment for which could range from less than one year to more than five years. However, these unknown obligations are expected to be significant and we believe could include approximately $1 billion to $4 billion over the next three years, with the payments for the vast majority of such amounts expected to occur after the next twelve months.