We continued our focus on improving the efficiency of our operations and utilization of our assets, allowing us to reduce our operating expenses by 3% in the face of a 1% revenue decline. Our strategic initiatives to improve productivity resulted in lower compensation, equipment rents, and materials expense. The execution of the initiatives in our strategic plan allowed us to achieve records for income from railway operations and railway operating ratio for the year. Our share repurchase program contributed to diluted earnings per share growth that exceeded that of net income. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.6 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. In 2019, the increase in purchased services was the result of increased technology-related expenses, expenses associated with our headquarters relocation, and increased intermodal-related costs partially offset by decreased transportation activities. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. We have made changes in the categorization of certain commodity groups within merchandise. The decline in 2019 was a result of weak thermal seaborne pricing and coal supply disruptions at certain mines. The increase in 2018 was due to strong seaborne pricing that resulted in higher demand for U.S. coal. Our employment averaged 24,587 in 2019, compared with 26,662 in 2018, and 27,110 in 2017. The effective income tax rate was 22.0% in 2019, compared with 23.1% in 2018 and negative 72.8% in 2017. We had working capital deficits of $219 million and $729 million at December 31, 2019, and 2018, respectively. Our continuing share repurchase program contributed to diluted earnings per share growth that exceeded that of net income. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.6 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. The increase in purchased services in 2019 was the result of increased technology-related expenses, expenses associated with our headquarters relocation, and increased intermodal-related costs partially offset by decreased transportation activities. We utilize analyses in which the projected annual cash flows from the pension and postretirement benefit plans are matched with yield curves based on an appropriate universe of high-quality corporate bonds. The decline in 2019 was a result of weak thermal seaborne pricing and coal supply disruptions at certain mines. The increase in 2018 was due to strong seaborne pricing that resulted in higher demand for U.S. coal.