In January 2020, a novel strain of coronavirus was identified in China, resulting in shutdowns of manufacturing and commerce, as well as global travel restrictions to contain the virus. The impact has extended to other regions. We have operations and employees in China, and the region represents an important end market for our products. Our customers and suppliers within China and neighboring countries are also affected by the coronavirus-related restrictions and closures. The coronavirus is expected to have a negative effect on our financial results, though the full extent and duration is uncertain and could have a material negative impact on our business. Our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with risk factors, selected financial data, our consolidated financial statements, and related notes. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months, including our proposed acquisition of Mellanox. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain limits on our portfolio duration. As of January 26, 2020, we had $10.90 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, an increase of $3.48 billion from the end of fiscal year 2019. Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019, primarily due to changes in working capital driven by a reduction in inventory, partially offset by a decrease in operating income. Our overall gross margin was 62.0% and 61.2% for fiscal years 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase in fiscal year 2020 was driven by reduced inventory provisions and the sale of previously written-off components. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition. The merger agreement with Mellanox contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants. The consummation of the merger is conditioned on the receipt of the approval of Mellanox shareholders, as well as the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions, including domestic and foreign regulatory approvals and performance in all material respects by each party of its obligations under the merger agreement. We have a credit agreement under which we may borrow up to $575 million for general corporate purposes and can obtain revolving loan commitments up to $425 million. As of January 26, 2020, we had not borrowed any amounts under this agreement. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the United States or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances.