In our natural gas gathering and processing segment, we are investing in growth projects in NGL-rich areas in the Williston Basin that we expect will enable us to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. Our growth strategy is focused on connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical industry and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. The development of shale has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers and natural gas processors to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering, fractionation, storage, and distribution assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the Williston and Powder River Basins, mid-continent region, and Permian Basin with end-use markets. Our announced large capital-growth projects that have recently been completed or are currently under construction are supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. Our centralized cash management program provides financial flexibility and lowers the cost of borrowing, transaction costs, and bank fees. We manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, and interest-rate swaps. Our capital expenditures increased due primarily to capital-growth projects in progress, and we expect our 2020 capital expenditures to decrease relative to 2019 due to our completed capital-growth projects. We believe the reasonably possible losses from various litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations are not material, and we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. Our ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment, and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is critical to maintaining operational flexibility. We expect our cash flows from operations to continue to sufficiently fund our cash dividends. We may utilize short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity as necessary or appropriate to support our operations and capital expenditures. Our decision to utilize short-term borrowings rather than long-term debt was due to more favorable interest rates, and we do not expect this working capital deficit to adversely affect our cash flows or operations. The mechanical integrity of facilities operated is essential, and we assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually and may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies, and if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates, we may be exposed to future impairment charges.