We begin management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations with an overview of our businesses and significant trends. Our products and services include applications and infrastructure offerings that are delivered worldwide through a variety of flexible and interoperable IT deployment models. Accordingly, we offer choice and flexibility to our customers and facilitate the product, service, and deployment combinations that best suit our customers' needs. Providing choice and flexibility to our customers as to when and how they deploy our applications and infrastructure technologies is an important element of our corporate strategy. In recent periods, customer demand for our applications and infrastructure technologies delivered through our Oracle cloud services has increased. To address customer demand and enable customer choice, we have introduced certain programs for customers to pivot their applications and infrastructure licenses and the related license support to the Oracle cloud for new deployments and to migrate to and expand with the Oracle cloud for their existing workloads. We believe all of these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development to develop and improve our cloud and license products and services. Our cloud and license business' revenue growth is affected by many factors, including the strength of general economic and business conditions; governmental budgetary constraints; the strategy for and competitive position of our offerings; our acquisitions; and the continued renewal of our cloud services and license support customer contracts by the customer contract base. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. Our management approved, committed to, and initiated restructuring plans in order to restructure and further improve efficiencies in our operations. Restructuring expenses resulted from the execution of management-approved restructuring plans that were generally developed to improve our cost structure and/or operations, often in conjunction with our acquisition integration strategies. The total estimated restructuring costs associated with the 2019 restructuring plan are up to $584 million, and we may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing restructuring plans. We continue to invest significantly in our research and development efforts because, in our judgment, they are essential to maintaining our competitive position. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. The cost of providing our services consists primarily of personnel-related expenses, technology infrastructure expenditures, facilities expenses, and external contractor expenses. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements. We believe that we could fund our future acquisitions, dividend payments, and repurchases of common stock or debt with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities.