Occidental is focused on delivering a unique shareholder value proposition through continual enhancements to its asset quality, organizational capability, and innovative technical applications that provide competitive advantages. Occidental's integrated business provides conventional and unconventional opportunities through which to grow value. Occidental aims to maximize shareholder returns through a combination of maintaining a sustainable and sector-leading dividend, allocating capital to high-return, short-cycle and long-cycle, cash-flow generating opportunities, generating free cash flow growth to reduce debt and return cash to shareholders, achieving production growth rates of up to 5% over the long term, and maintaining a strong balance sheet to secure business and enhance shareholder value. Occidental conducts its operations with a focus on sustainability, health, safety, and environmental and social responsibility. Price volatility is inherent in the oil and gas business, and Occidental's strategy is to position the business to thrive in an up- or down-cycle commodity price environment. The acquisition of Anadarko added to Occidental's oil and gas portfolio, primarily in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, and Gulf of Mexico, providing numerous competitive advantages. Occidental's diversified portfolio, coupled with unmatched subsurface characterization ability and proven execution, ensures that Occidental is positioned for full-cycle success in the years ahead. The oil and gas segment continues to focus on integration of the newly acquired assets and efforts to realize synergies at an early stage to deliver lower breakeven costs and generate excess free cash flow. Occidental seeks to achieve low development and operating costs to maximize the full-cycle value of the assets. The oil and gas business implements Occidental's strategy by operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and optimizing capital intensity in core areas, primarily in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, Gulf of Mexico, UAE, Oman, Qatar, and Colombia. Occidental focuses on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. The marketing and midstream segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing the use of its gathering, processing, transportation, storage, and terminal commitments and by providing access to domestic and international markets. The segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to Occidental's subsidiaries, as well as third parties. Occidental continues to adjust capital expenditures in line with current economic conditions with the goal of keeping returns well above its cost of capital. The company is committed to enhancing its operational flexibility and resilience strategies to adapt to external pressures and environmental perturbations. Occidental's approach to crisis management includes maintaining operational continuity and preparedness for unexpected situations, ensuring that the organization can confront challenges effectively. The company's focus on sustainability and environmental responsibility reflects its commitment to organizational health and resilience in turbulent markets. Through strategic initiatives and inter-organizational collaboration, Occidental aims to enhance its organizational capabilities and ensure long-term success in a complex and dynamic business environment.