Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content and provides consistent security across the network, endpoint, and cloud. Accordingly, our platform enables our end-customers to pursue transformative digital initiatives, like public cloud and mobility, that grow their business while maintaining the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems. We believe the architecture of our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security operations and infrastructure. We continue to invest in innovation as we evolve and further extend the capabilities of our platform, as we believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. We expect our subscription and support revenue to vary from quarter to quarter and increase over the long term as we introduce new subscriptions, renew existing subscription and support contracts, and expand our installed end-customer base. We monitor cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of our overall business performance. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items such as depreciation, amortization, and share-based compensation costs, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows and adoption of our cloud-based subscription offerings increases. We expect our gross margins to fluctuate over time depending on various factors, including the introduction of new products and the mix of revenue between product and subscription and support offerings. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if we believe impairment indicators exist. The qualitative assessment includes our evaluation of relevant events and circumstances affecting our single reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry, and market conditions, our overall financial performance, and trends in the market price of our common stock. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and subscription and support offerings. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.