We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, benefits, human resource ("HR"), and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, benefits, HR, and insurance services for small and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, and revenue and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Looking to the future, we believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our financial results for fiscal 2019 reflect another year of continued growth across our major HCM product lines. Client retention was over 82% of our beginning client base for the fiscal year, in line with our historic best retention rate. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, businesses of all sizes, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our investment strategy continues to focus on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2019, that were in an unrealized loss position were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our positive operating cash flows for fiscal 2019 allowed us to support our business and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We anticipate that cash, restricted cash, and total corporate investments as of May 31, 2019, along with projected operating cash flows and available short-term financing, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. We have substantially completed our plan for a new multi-building Paychex campus, including the renovation of over 300,000 square feet based in Rochester, NY. We have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, which require us to defend and, if necessary, indemnify these individuals for certain pending or future legal claims as they relate to their services provided to us. We also maintain corporate insurance coverage in addition to our purchased primary insurance policies for gap coverage for employment practices liability, errors and omissions, warranty liability, theft and embezzlement, cyber threats, and acts of terrorism; and capacity for deductibles and self-insured retentions through our captive insurance company. The acquisitions of Oasis, HROI, and Lessor contributed approximately 6% to the growth in total service revenue for fiscal 2019 as compared with fiscal 2018. The acquisitions of HROI and Lessor contributed less than 3% to the growth in total service revenue for fiscal 2018 as compared with fiscal 2017. We believe that our investments in an unrealized loss position as of May 31, 2019, were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date to indicate any other-than-temporary impairment.