Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet challenges effectively. We have commenced a comprehensive program to rebrand our properties, in order to develop more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, as well as to upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. In addition to managing our existing facilities for organic growth, we plan on growing through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expanding our existing self-storage facilities. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale across substantially all major metropolitan markets in the U.S. provides some insulation from localized economic effects and enhances the stability of our cash flows. We expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. We view our line of credit, as well as short-term bank loans, as bridge financing. Our expected capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, net proceeds from the public issuance of senior euro-denominated notes, and expected retained operating cash flow. We believe that our net cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing requirements for principal payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. We have a development pipeline to develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing self-storage facilities, which will add significant net rentable square footage. We expect to continue to seek additional projects; however, the level of future development and redevelopment may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. Our operations are subject to general economic conditions, particularly those that affect the spending habits of consumers and moving trends. We believe that our economies of scale in marketing and operations allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. We expect continued elevated capital expenditures beyond 2020; however, the level and persistence of this elevation is uncertain at this time. We have been impacted by a tight labor market across the country, as well as increases in minimum wages in certain jurisdictions. We expect inflationary increases in wage rates and increased headcount in the future. We continue to experience increased credit card fees due to a long-term trend of more customers paying with credit cards rather than cash, checks, or other methods of payment with lower transaction costs. We expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties.