The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our services are typically provided pursuant to master service agreements, repair and maintenance contracts and fixed price and non-fixed price installation contracts. We believe there are growth opportunities across the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook. Utilities are investing significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs, which have provided, and are expected to continue to provide, demand for our services. A number of utilities are also implementing system upgrades or hardening programs in response to recurring severe weather events, such as hurricanes and wildfires. Current system resiliency initiatives in California and other regions in the western U.S. are designed to prevent and manage the impact of wildfires. However, while these resiliency initiatives also provide opportunities for our services, they also increase our potential exposure to significant liabilities attributable to those events. We expect demand for electricity in North America to grow over the long term and believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve the power needs of the future. Our pipeline and industrial infrastructure services segment was impacted by increased customer spending on gas utility infrastructure replacement and modernization initiatives, pipeline integrity work, industrial services and other services that we generally consider to be base business operations. We believe these trends will continue, possibly to the point where demand for labor resources will outpace supply. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business. Certain regulatory and environmental permitting processes continue to create uncertainty for projects and negatively impact customer spending. We believe that several existing, pending or proposed legislative or regulatory actions may alleviate certain of these issues and positively impact long-term demand, particularly in connection with electric power infrastructure and renewable energy spending. Our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines or delays in new projects due to cyclicality, which may vary by geographic region. The timing of obtaining permits and other approvals on a larger project may be delayed, and we may need to maintain a portion of our workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure we are strategically positioned to deliver on the project when it moves forward. The results of our business in a given period can be impacted by adverse weather conditions, severe weather events or natural disasters, which can negatively impact our financial results due to the termination, deferral or delay of projects, reduced productivity and exposure to significant liabilities. However, in some cases, severe weather events can increase our emergency restoration services, which typically yield higher margins due in part to higher equipment utilization and absorption of fixed costs. We also continue to selectively evaluate acquisitions as part of our overall business strategy and acquired seven businesses in 2019, including a business that specializes in above-ground and underground gas distribution and transmission services. We expect additional costs in the near-term related to exiting our Latin American operations, but we anticipate this decision will result in improved profitability of our overall services offerings.