The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes. Our business and operating segments are organized on the basis of products and services. We derive revenues principally from sales of integrated circuit products and licensing our intellectual property. Our revenues have historically fluctuated based on consumer demand for devices, as well as on the timing of customer/licensee device launches and/or innovation cycles. This has resulted in fluctuations in revenues in advance of and during device launches incorporating our products. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including increased concentration of device share among a few companies, which may exacerbate the negative impact on our business and financial results. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets and other technologies, which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We also expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model, which could adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. Our historical trends were impacted by our prior dispute with Apple and its contract manufacturers, which was settled in April 2019. The impact of the order and the Ninth Circuit granting our motion for partial stay did not have a material impact on licensing revenues recognized in fiscal 2019 based on facts and factors currently known to us. We also expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies and pursue new businesses. Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, and cash provided by our debt programs. We believe our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, along with expected cash flow generated from operations, will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions, and the assessment of our income tax positions involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations. We are currently involved in certain legal and regulatory proceedings, and we intend to continue to vigorously defend ourselves. The unfavorable resolution of one or more of these proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our licensing program and our extensive technology investments. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators and future cash flows related to goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets may be based on operational performance of our businesses, market conditions, expected selling price, and other factors. We monitor our investments for events or circumstances that could indicate the investments are impaired, and we record impairment losses in earnings when we believe an investment has experienced a decline in value. The determination of the recorded value of intangible assets acquired in a business combination requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. We analyze the risk of a significant revenue reversal considering both the likelihood and magnitude of the reversal, which may result in recognizing revenues less than amounts contractually owed to us.