We are a diversified technology company. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based revenue growth across the segment, led by businesses serving government contracting, professional services, legal and healthcare markets. The resulting operating margin was 25.5% in the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to 24.6% in the year ended December 31, 2018. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based revenue growth across the segment led by our network software businesses serving the transportation, healthcare and food markets. The resulting operating margin was 35.2% in the year ended December 31, 2019, as compared to 36.0% in the year ended December 31, 2018. The decrease in organic revenues was due primarily to lower demand at our businesses serving upstream oil and gas end markets. We expect the effective tax rate for 2020 to be between 21% and 23%. We account for goodwill in a purchase business combination as the excess purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. The company conducted its analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount. The company determined that impairment of goodwill was not likely in 33 of its reporting units and thus was not required to perform a quantitative assessment for these reporting units. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The company recognized revenues of $247.8, $245.9 and $249.3 for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, using this method. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2020 will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. The growth in organic revenues was due primarily to broad-based growth in our businesses serving energy and industrial end markets. Our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. The company performed a quantitative analysis over the fair values of two of its trade names and concluded that the fair value exceeded its carrying value, with no impairment indicated as of October 1, 2019. We expect to pay these taxes in the second quarter of 2020. We also may explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources. The company recognized $119.6 on the sale of the imaging businesses, which closed February 5, 2019, and $801.1 on the sale of Gatan, which closed October 29, 2019.