The COVID-19 pandemic is disrupting our business; governmental authorities in affected regions are taking increasingly dramatic action in an effort to slow down the spread of the disease. As part of a growing number of retailers across the country, we have temporarily closed all store locations effective March 20, 2020 through April 3, 2020. We are monitoring the situation and will reopen stores as conditions permit; however, extended or further closures may be required nationally, regionally, or in specific locations. Given the unprecedented uncertainty of this situation, including the unknown duration and severity of the pandemic and the unknown overall impact on consumer demand, we are unable to forecast the full impact on our business; however, we now expect that impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic disruption will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position, and consolidated cash flows in fiscal 2020. To preserve our financial liquidity, and out of an abundance of caution, we are temporarily suspending our stock repurchase program, and in mid-March 2020 we borrowed $800 million from our revolving credit facility to add to our cash balances. We are reducing our expense, inventory receipts, and capital expenditure plans. We plan to continue to monitor the rapidly developing situation and to take further action to reduce our expenses and preserve our financial flexibility, as necessary. We anticipate that we will be required to rely far more heavily on our cash reserves and lines of credit, and we expect to carefully monitor and manage our cash position in light of ongoing conditions and levels of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions are creating significant uncertainty and challenges. We believe that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our near-term operating cash needs and capital investments; further prolonged and extensive temporary store closures may require access to additional corporate credit markets. We are continually evaluating opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. We cannot be sure that our strategies and store expansion program will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. The uncertainty includes the potential need for significant additional capital resources to maintain our operations during a period of declining revenue from sales. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash, including cash we obtained by drawing from our revolving credit facility, and cash flows from operations. The impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic disruption will have a material adverse impact on our business. We are monitoring the situation and will take further action to reduce our expenses and preserve our financial flexibility, as necessary. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant uncertainty and challenges, and we are unable to forecast the full impact on our business; however, we now expect that impacts from the pandemic will have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position, and consolidated cash flows in fiscal 2020.