Despite global economic uncertainty, we have consistently grown our revenue since 2005. We achieved these results because of our solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. As we continue to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market, we expect to experience increased variability in our total revenue. Our solutions help these companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. Our software integrity business delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as testing for open source security vulnerabilities and license compliance. Our software integrity products and services form a platform that helps our customers build security into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. We recognize our revenue for the software licenses over the arrangement period, which typically approximates three years. The revenue we recognize in a particular period generally results from selling efforts in prior periods rather than the current period. As a result, decreases as well as increases in customer spending do not immediately affect our revenues in a significant way. Our historical results have been recast to retrospectively reflect the change from one to two reportable segments. The chief operating decision makers now regularly review disaggregated information for the following two reportable segments: semiconductor & system design, which includes EDA tools, IP products, system integration solutions, and other revenue categories, and software integrity, which includes a comprehensive solution for building integrity-security, quality, and compliance testing into our customers' software development lifecycle and supply chain. We have concluded that the software licenses in TSL contracts are not distinct from our obligation to provide unspecified software updates to the licensed software throughout the license term, because the multiple software licenses represent inputs to a single, combined offering, and timely, relevant software updates are integral to maintaining the utility of the software licenses. Our expenses are generally impacted by changes in personnel-related costs including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation, and variable compensation; changes in amortization; and changes in selling and marketing expenses. The increase in our expenses compared to prior fiscal years was primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs, driven by increased headcount from our overall growth, and fixed charges including information technology and facilities. We expect our cash from our operating activities to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. We have established reserves for income taxes to address potential exposures involving tax positions that could be challenged by tax authorities. We continue to obtain, analyze, and interpret additional guidance issued related to the tax act. We recognize that our revenue for the software licenses is influenced by the overall health of our customers' research and development budgets and their willingness to invest in new and increasingly complex chip designs.