The company has undertaken a number of strategic actions to enhance the credit quality and manage interest-rate sensitivity of its loan and lease portfolio. Management evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. Achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges. The company has established a change management program to manage the risks associated with integrating heritage BB&T and heritage SunTrust, ensuring key decisions are reviewed and that there is appropriate oversight of integration activities. Truist's risk management framework is designed to ensure that business strategies and objectives are executed in alignment with its risk appetite, fostering a culture that supports transparency and escalation of risks across the organization. Management focuses on diversifying its sources of revenue to further reduce reliance on traditional spread-based interest income, as certain fee-based activities are a relatively stable revenue source during periods of changing interest rates. The company also emphasizes the importance of operational flexibility and the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. Management regularly monitors the capital position of Truist on both a consolidated and bank-level basis, maintaining capital at levels that are in excess of internal capital targets, which are above the regulatory "well capitalized" minimums. The company's liquidity position is evaluated against 30 days of stressed cash outflows, ensuring a strong liquidity position and compliance with regulatory requirements. Truist's comprehensive risk management framework supports the identification, measurement, monitoring, management, and reporting of significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. The company has a contingency funding plan designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. The board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cybersecurity risk and approves related information security policies, recognizing that it is not possible to completely eliminate this risk. The company's risk values guide teammates' day-to-day activities, emphasizing the responsibility of every teammate in managing risk. Truist employs a comprehensive change management program to manage the risks associated with integrating operations, ensuring that the company is well-positioned for changes in the credit cycle. The company has established parameters related to interest rate sensitivity measures that prescribe a maximum impact on net interest income under different interest rate scenarios, reflecting a proactive approach to risk management. The board and executive leadership oversee the change management program, which is designed to ensure key decisions are reviewed and that there is appropriate oversight of integration activities. Truist's risk management framework is supported by three lines of defense, ensuring alignment and execution of the risk management framework. The company maintains a liquid asset buffer to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations, and the overall goals of the investment portfolio are to provide a sufficient margin of liquid assets while earning an optimal return on funds invested.