Over the last several years, we have made strategic investments to build a durable operating and financial model that is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. We have done this through an investment strategy focused on elevating the shopping experiences and winning with high-touch service. We have remodeled more than 700 stores, including nearly 300 during 2019, and plan to remodel approximately 300 in 2020. We have grown our stores network and now have over 100 small format stores in key urban markets and on college campuses. We have redesigned our store operating model, redefining roles for hundreds of thousands of team members to deliver better guest service. We have invested significantly in our team, including a $13 starting hourly wage with a commitment to $15 by the end of 2020. We have delivered a steady stream of newness and exclusives across our assortment, introducing over 25 new owned and exclusive brands, including our new food and beverage owned brand, which we expect will become our largest owned brand. We have expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, which elevate the shopping experience and provide our guests new reasons to choose our services. During 2019, over 70% of our comparable digital sales growth was driven by same-day fulfillment options. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, and guest experience will drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. We believe that our investments in operational flexibility and strategic initiatives will enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions. Our operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $7,099 million in 2019, an increase driven by higher net earnings and a reduction in inventory. We have completed over 700 remodels since the launch of the current program in 2017 and expect to maintain our pace of approximately 300 remodels in 2020. Our capital allocation strategy prioritizes investments that create sustainable long-term value and maintain our current operations. We continue to anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing, which supports our operational continuity and resilience strategies. Our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity, which is critical for maintaining organizational health and responding effectively to environmental disruptions. We expect that our strategic response to market conditions will enable us to adapt and thrive in a competitive landscape. Our commitment to investing in our workforce and enhancing our operational capabilities reflects our focus on building organizational resilience. The increase in our sales and operating income demonstrates our capacity to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to changing market dynamics. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion, and execute purchases under our share repurchase programs for the foreseeable future.