We believe that we are well positioned to take advantage of the highly fragmented and diverse equipment rental industry because, as a larger company, we have more extensive resources and certain competitive advantages. Our size gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. Our strategy focuses on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We have executed a strategy that includes a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single point of contact, and the further optimization of our customer mix and fleet mix. We expect that the majority of our end markets will continue to experience solid demand for equipment rental services, and we plan to open at least 25 specialty rental branches/tool hubs/onsite services locations in 2020. Our financial flexibility and liquidity have been improved through various actions, including the issuance of senior notes and the amendment of our accounts receivable securitization facility. We have maintained a disciplined focus on increasing our profitability and return on invested capital. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with our objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. We monitor the margin variances for our segments and confirm the expectation of future convergence on a quarterly basis. The rental industry is cyclical, and we expect margin convergence going forward. We believe that the regions aggregated into our segments have similar economic characteristics, which reflects the management structure used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. We evaluate segment performance primarily based on segment equipment rentals gross profit. Our revenues, operating results, and financial condition fluctuate from quarter to quarter reflecting the seasonal rental patterns of our customers. We have diversified outside of oil and gas and have grown our revenue from most of our non-oil and gas customers. The improvement in our fluid solutions region reflects growth in revenue from upstream oil and gas customers, which have experienced significant volatility in recent years. We continue to seek additional financing through the securitization of some of our real estate, the use of additional operating leases, or other financing sources as market conditions permit. We have a robust approach to risk management, which includes the evaluation of goodwill impairment and the review of the recoverability of our rental equipment and property when events or changes in circumstances occur. Our self-insurance reserves are based on estimates and actuarial assumptions, which can fluctuate in both amount and timing of cash settlement. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of permanent reinvestment of foreign earnings. Our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. We have made a number of acquisitions in the past and may continue to make acquisitions in the future, which are essential for expanding our business and driving our ability to accomplish our strategic goals.