This management's discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity and capital resources of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries. Visa is a global payments technology company that enables fast, secure, and reliable electronic payments across more than 200 countries and territories. Our advanced transaction processing network, Visanet, enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. Our business performance reflects continued global consumer spending growth amidst uneven global economic conditions. We recorded net revenues of $23.0 billion for fiscal 2019, an increase of 11% over the prior year, primarily reflecting continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. The increase in net revenues in fiscal 2019 reflects the continued growth in nominal payments volume, nominal cross-border volume, and processed transactions. Our liquidity management policies provide adequate liquidity to cover operating expenditures and liquidity contingency scenarios. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. We regularly evaluate cash requirements for current operations, commitments, development activities, and capital expenditures. Our treasury policies provide management with the guidelines and authority to manage liquidity risk in a manner consistent with our corporate objectives. We will continue to assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. The increase in revenues was partially offset by increases in client incentives in fiscal 2019. Our financial results reflect the impact of certain significant items that we do not believe are indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We have established policies and control procedures which seek to ensure that estimates and assumptions are appropriately governed and applied consistently from period to period. We evaluate the likelihood of a potential loss from legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. Our judgments are subjective based on management's understanding of the litigation profile, the specifics of each case, and advice of in-house and outside legal counsel. The accrual related to the U.S. covered litigation could be either higher or lower than the U.S. litigation escrow account balance. We maintain global credit settlement risk policies and procedures to manage settlement risk, which may require clients to post collateral if certain credit standards are not met. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. Our capital expenditures increased during fiscal 2019 due to investments in technology, infrastructure, and growth initiatives. We believe the presentation of our non-GAAP financial results provides a clearer understanding of our operating performance for the periods presented. Our business is affected by overall economic conditions and consumer spending, and we have mechanisms in place to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment. We will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions. Our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and maintain performance under pressure.