The waste industry is a comparatively mature and stable industry; however, customers increasingly expect more of their waste materials to be recovered, and those waste streams are becoming more complex. We monitor these developments to adapt our service offerings. As companies, individuals, and communities look for ways to be more sustainable, we promote our comprehensive services that go beyond our core business of collecting and disposing of waste to meet their needs. Despite some industry consolidation in recent years, we encounter intense competition based on pricing, service quality, customer experience, and breadth of service offerings. Our industry is directly affected by changes in general economic factors, including increases and decreases in consumer spending, business expansions, and construction starts, which correlate to volumes of waste generated and impact our revenue. Negative economic conditions can make it more challenging to negotiate, renew, or expand service contracts with acceptable margins, and customers may reduce their service needs. We also encounter competition for acquisitions and growth opportunities. Our operating expenses are directly impacted by volume levels; as volume levels shift, we must manage our network capacity and cost structure accordingly. We experienced growth in our collection and disposal lines of business, particularly in segments driven by the consumer portion of the economy. Volume growth is also the result of proactive efforts taken to work with our customers as their needs expand to identify service upgrade opportunities. Our operations performed well, and we expect our industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people, technology, and growth to drive continued growth. We have benefited from a generally favorable macro-economic environment, including steady spending by consumers and businesses, which have led to volume and gross margin growth. We are also experiencing solid growth in our landfill and transfer businesses, with our municipal solid waste business experiencing significant average yield growth. We focus on developing a sustainable recycling business model that meets customers' environmental needs while being economically sustainable. Given pressures on the business from lower market values for recycled commodities and higher contamination fees, we have been working to improve financial returns by driving a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our costs of contamination. We will continue to take steps necessary to improve long-term profitability of our recycling line of business. We allocate available cash to capital expenditures and acquisitions, demonstrating our commitment to supporting both organic and inorganic growth. Our strategic pricing efforts focus on ensuring we overcome inflationary cost pressures and grow margins. We believe that our investment-grade credit ratings, large value of unencumbered assets, and modest leverage enable us to obtain adequate financing to meet our ongoing capital, operating, and other liquidity requirements. We continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, liquidity, and capital resources, enabling us to plan for present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities.