We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs through our gas pipeline and midstream business. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We continue to maintain a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2020 are expected to be in a range from $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, which includes projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities, which could negatively impact gathering and processing volumes, and lower than anticipated demand for natural gas and natural gas products which could result in lower than expected volumes, energy commodity prices, and margins. We are responding by reducing the pace of our capital growth spending in our gathering and processing business and remaining committed to operating cost discipline. Our organizational realignment is expected to benefit our expenses, and we anticipate that our ongoing major expansion projects will enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of market volatility. We continue to monitor our equity-method investments for any indications that the carrying value may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value, which reflects our commitment to maintaining organizational health and performance under pressure. We have a working capital deficit, including cash and cash equivalents and long-term debt due within one year, but we expect to have sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2020. Our available liquidity includes cash generated from operations and distributions from our equity-method investees. We believe that our strategic initiatives, including inter-organizational collaboration and resource allocation, will enable us to adapt to external pressures and maintain operational continuity. The ongoing expansion projects are supported by long-term, fee-based agreements and volumetric commitments, which contribute to our resilience strategies. We are committed to proactive measures that enhance our organizational capabilities and ensure we can confront future challenges effectively.