We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We are influenced by a number of factors including catastrophic events, weather, global health epidemics, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. We have taken strategic actions to strengthen our portfolio for the long-term, including acquisitions and divestitures which reflect our ability to adapt to changing market conditions. Our business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns. We have updated our definition of traffic to better assess performance metrics that management uses to evaluate the company's performance. We define our financial framework as strong, efficient growth, consistent operating discipline, and strategic capital allocation. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. We operate with discipline by managing expenses, optimizing the efficiency of how we work and creating an environment in which we have sustainable lowest cost to serve. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs, which are critical for maintaining operational flexibility under varying market conditions. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund operations, finance our global investment and expansion activities, pay dividends and fund our share repurchases for the foreseeable future. We utilize intercompany financing arrangements to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum cost possible. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs. As we execute our financial framework, we believe our returns on capital will improve over time. Our total revenues increased due to overall positive comparable sales for Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments, along with the addition of net sales from Flipkart and positive comparable sales in the majority of our international markets. We continuously review our accounting policies and practices, which are essential for maintaining organizational health and resilience. The strength and stability of our operations have historically supplied us with a significant source of liquidity, which is crucial for navigating adverse conditions. We believe that our strategic initiatives and operational management practices will enhance our organizational capabilities and resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility.