AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure. Management believes AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that regulatory bodies will authorize new transmission projects or will award such projects to AEP. AEP's transmission investment strategy and execution are dependent on federal and state regulatory policy, and a significant portion of AEP's earnings is derived from transmission investments and activities. The rules governing various regional transmission organizations (RTOs) may change, which could affect costs or revenues. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions, as performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. AEP faces risks including operator error, breakdown or failure of equipment, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, and catastrophic events such as natural disasters. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of critical infrastructure, which could severely disrupt business operations. AEP's reliance on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows may be impacted by volatility, increased interest rates, and reduced liquidity in financial markets. If AEP's ability to access capital becomes significantly constrained, it could reduce future net income and cash flows and negatively impact financial condition. AEP's financial performance is also tied to the health of the regional economies it serves, and climate change creates physical and financial risks that may require AEP to invest in additional generating assets and infrastructure. The frequency and intensity of extreme weather events may increase AEP's costs of providing service, and these costs may not be recoverable. AEP is involved in legal proceedings that could require significant expenditures, negatively impacting future net income and cash flows. AEP's operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations, and compliance with these legal requirements could reduce future net income and negatively impact financial condition. AEP's risks relative to the price and availability of fuel and emission allowances may also impact financial performance. AEP's dependence on transmission facilities owned and operated by other nonaffiliated power companies exposes it to risks, and if transmission capacity is inadequate, AEP may not be able to deliver wholesale electric power. The ability of AEP to continue to operate effectively is contingent upon its capacity to manage these multifaceted risks and maintain operational flexibility in the face of external pressures and disruptions.