The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity, and harm the company's business. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. The company has experienced significant volatility due to uncertainty surrounding various geopolitical events, which could have a significant impact on financial market conditions across the world. The company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The company's overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. The company seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports. However, the company may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of its assets relative to its liabilities. The company's risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave the company exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect the company's businesses or result in losses. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss, but there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies. The company has made significant assumptions to determine future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts, and actual cash outflow amounts and timing may differ, possibly materially, from these estimates. The company's operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events, including epidemics, pandemics, and other acts of violence, which could materially reduce its profitability or harm its financial condition. The company's success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. The company has made significant investments in the brand over a long period of time, and maintaining its stature as a trustworthy insurer is critical to its reputation and the strength of the company's brand. The company is continually upgrading and enhancing its business systems, but these changes challenge the company's complex integrated environment. The company's ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, employees, and distribution partners is essential for its sales success. The company has determined that the unhedged U.S. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in Japan against erosion of economic value. The company has a global crisis management framework to minimize business disruption from catastrophic events, but such framework may not be effective to avoid adverse impacts. The company anticipates that the shift in earned premium from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios. The company believes that its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution will provide support toward its objectives. The company plans to continue adding other instruments denominated in U.S. dollars to improve portfolio diversification and/or return profile. The company seeks to balance its objectives of maintaining strong capital and liquidity while addressing potential risks associated with market volatility and external pressures.