A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers or consolidations that reduce the number of wireless service providers or use of network sharing among governments or wireless service providers. Our business is subject to government and tax regulations, and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We may experience increased churn as a result of tenant consolidation or if a tenant terminates its business. Our international business operations and our expansion into new markets expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the United States. We are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants, and if any of these tenants is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. We depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. If our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our services business. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets, and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including differing systems, cultural differences, and conflicting policies. Our towers, fiber networks, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters, security breaches, and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. Any damage or destruction to, or inability to access, our towers or data centers may impact our ability to provide services to our tenants and lead to tenant loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. While we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, business interruption, and cybersecurity, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction of sites or fiber for a major future event. We may also be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, and we may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. We may not always have the ability to access, analyze, and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. Our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.