Our business and operations have experienced rapid growth, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational, and financial infrastructure. As we have grown, we have had to manage an increasingly complex array of internal systems and processes to scale with all aspects of our business. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively, which includes increasing the productivity of our existing employees and continuing to hire, train, and manage new employees as needed. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to our systems and processes in an efficient or timely manner, and deficiencies in their capabilities or effectiveness may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. Our ability to continue to compete effectively in a rapidly evolving market requires that we successfully release new products that meet the increasingly sophisticated networking requirements of our end customers. The success of new product introductions will depend on timely and successful product development, market acceptance, and our ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our rapid historical growth may have reduced the impact of seasonal or cyclical factors that might influence our business, but as our size increases, these variations may become more pronounced. We expect continued variability in customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we may experience fluctuations in our financial results due to various factors, including our ability to increase sales to existing customers and attract new end customers. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time. We are also susceptible to supply shortages or supply changes, which could disrupt or delay our scheduled product deliveries. Our corporate headquarters and operations are located in areas exposed to risks of natural disasters, and a significant natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on our business. We increasingly depend upon our IT systems to conduct virtually all of our business operations, and breaches of our cybersecurity systems could degrade our ability to conduct business operations and deliver products and services to our customers. Our business strategy focuses primarily on long-term growth, which may result in lower profitability in any given period. We expect our operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we invest in the growth of our business. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate and the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities. We believe that our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, together with cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and growth strategies for at least the next 12 months.