Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control, and any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. Changes in global and regional economic conditions, the markets we serve, or the financial markets may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable conditions in the global economy or regional economies may decrease the demand for our goods and services and adversely impact our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Demand for our products and services depends in part on the general economic conditions affecting the countries and markets in which we do business. Reduced demand could depress sales, reduce our margins, constrain our operating flexibility, or reduce efficient utilization of our manufacturing capacity. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and involve larger and more complex projects, including world-scale gasification projects, in regions where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. Successful operation of particular facilities or execution of projects may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs for security or require us to shut down operations for a period of time. Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, storms, epidemics, or acts of war and terrorism. Any such event could cause a serious business disruption that could affect our ability to produce and distribute products and possibly expose us to third-party liability claims. We are subject to extensive government regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. The operation of our facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows. Our ability to grow revenue, earnings, and cash flow at anticipated rates depends in part on our ability to identify, successfully acquire, and integrate businesses and assets at appropriate prices, and realize expected growth, synergies, and operating efficiencies. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. These transactions pose risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business and financial statements. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of information about our employees, vendors, and customers. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. Future developments and more stringent environmental regulations may require us to make additional unforeseen environmental expenditures.