Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. The majority of our sales come from a small number of customers, and a reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect our business. We are dependent on a small number of end customers, OEMs, their respective contract manufacturers, and certain distributors for a majority of our business, revenue, and results of operations. Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our results of operations. A prolonged disruption at one or more of our manufacturing facilities for any reason could limit our capacity to meet customer demands and delay new product development. Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and effective succession planning is important for our long-term success. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations due to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and liquidity. We operate in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry, which is subject to significant downturns. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. The actions of our competitors, in the areas of pricing and product bundling in particular, could have a substantial adverse impact on us. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our growth strategy includes the acquisition of businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or to consummate any such transactions. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, and to refinance our debt, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors. We must maintain appropriate capacity at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand for our proprietary products. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. We are subject to warranty claims, product recalls, and product liability, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our products and operations are also subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, and failure to adequately address any of these rules or regulations could harm our business. Our security systems are designed to maintain the physical security of our facilities and protect our customers', suppliers', and employees' confidential information, but we are dependent on third-party service providers for critical corporate infrastructure services. A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products and damage our reputation. We make substantial investments in research and development to enhance existing and develop new technologies to keep pace with technological advances and to remain competitive in our business.