Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. Slow economic growth, volatile or deteriorating economic conditions, or shifts in broader consumer and business trends could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to borrow and pay amounts owed to us. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We may not be able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers, or effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies. Our business may also be increasingly negatively affected if we are unable to increase merchant acceptance and our cards are not accepted at merchants that accept cards on the Visa and Mastercard networks. We may not be successful in maintaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services for merchants and card members. We are exposed to risks associated with these industries, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations, and alliances of our partners. We may be obligated to make or accelerate payments to certain business partners upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as a shortfall in certain performance and revenue levels. Our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and misconduct by or loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. We rely on third-party service providers, merchants, customer acquisition channels, processors, aggregators, network partners, and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations and are subject to the risk that activities of such third parties may adversely affect our business. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive, and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups. We define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations. Our information security program and operating model are designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. The risk management framework seeks to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk, strategic and business risk, and reputational risk. We may not be able to effectively manage individual or institutional credit risk, or credit trends that can affect spending on card products and the ability of customers and partners to pay us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.