As a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of BlackRock's business. BlackRock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage, and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, fiduciary, and investment risks. The company’s infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. A failure in BlackRock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could disrupt operations, damage the company's reputation, and cause BlackRock's assets under management (AUM), revenue, and earnings to decline. Despite efforts to ensure business continuity, if BlackRock fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans are improperly implemented during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted. The company is also dependent on the effectiveness of its information and cybersecurity policies to protect its systems and data. An externally caused information security incident could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive client information. BlackRock’s operational resilience is further challenged by the concentration of critical business operations in a limited number of geographic areas, which could materially impact operations in the event of a major disaster. The company’s ability to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity is crucial, as failure to do so may cause BlackRock's AUM, liquidity, and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth. BlackRock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. The company faces increased operational complexity and regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of various jurisdictions, which may impede its growth or impact its financial performance. The potential for human error in connection with BlackRock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, and lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation. BlackRock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce, and the company's ability to plan for future growth by identifying and developing employees for key roles is critical. The company must also routinely address conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts, which could have an adverse effect on BlackRock's reputation. BlackRock's management believes that its diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning the company to invest for the long term. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis.