Difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our funds, making it more difficult to find opportunities for our funds to exit and realize value from existing investments, and reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world that are outside our control, including but not limited to changes in interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, and national and international political circumstances. In the event of a market downturn, each of our businesses could be affected in different ways. Turmoil in the global financial markets can provoke significant volatility of equity and debt securities prices, which can have a material and rapid impact on our mark-to-market valuations. A lack of credit resulting from turmoil in the global financial markets may materially hinder the initiation of new, large-sized transactions for our funds and adversely impact our operating results. Economic growth in many international economies may contribute to tighter credit conditions, decreased availability of foreign capital, and rising interest rates, which could hurt U.S. exports and growth. We have historically relied on the interests of our professionals in the investment funds' carried interest and incentive fees to discourage them from leaving the firm. However, to the extent our investment funds perform poorly, thereby reducing the potential for carried interest and incentive fees, their interests in carried interest and incentive fees become less valuable to them and less effective as incentives for them to continue to be employed at Blackstone. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of businesses, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, each of which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. Our plan is to continue to grow our investment businesses and expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, which may involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain this culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. Our operating performance may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and other expenses and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenue relating to changes in market and economic conditions. We may need to cut back or eliminate the use of certain services or service providers or terminate the employment of a significant number of our personnel, which could be important to our business and without which our operating results could be adversely affected. Our disaster recovery and business continuity programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from a disaster or disruption. If our systems are compromised, do not operate properly, or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds and fund investors, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage.