Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to periods of uncertainty in the global economy and international trade relations, which may negatively impact our business and reduce our bookings levels and revenue. The semiconductor and electronics industries are cyclical and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, which requires us to adapt quickly to maintain our competitive position. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We must develop, acquire, or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and customer requirements. Our strategy involves providing the technologies necessary for our customers to develop complete and functional electronic products, which includes addressing the needs of new categories of electronic systems. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Our operating results could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies, and defaults, which may hinder our ability to maintain operational continuity. The long sales cycle of our products and services may cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly, and we may incur substantial expenses in developing potential relationships that do not result in agreements or revenue. Our reliance on sole suppliers for certain hardware components makes us vulnerable to supply disruption and price fluctuation, which could delay our production process and prevent us from delivering completed hardware products to customers. We depend upon our management team and key employees, and our failure to attract, train, motivate, and retain management and key employees may make us less competitive. Our ability to maintain our competitive position is contingent upon our investments in research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology and to satisfy industry standards. The competitive pressures we face may require us to reduce our pricing, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We have made and expect to make strategic investments, which may not yield the anticipated benefits. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations. We are not insured for losses or interruptions caused by acts of war or natural disasters, which could adversely impact our business. Our future effective tax rates may be materially impacted by various factors, including changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws. We must comply with regulations in selling or shipping our products and transferring our technology outside the United States, and changes in these regulations could harm our business. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, which could materially and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.