We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. Increasing consolidation in the telecommunications and content industries has provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale, including the ability to launch new video services. Our ability to gain new video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. We face risks relating to competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position and our business and results of operations. We are aware of traditional overbuild situations impacting certain of our service areas; however, we are unable to predict the extent to which additional overbuild situations may occur. The process of integrating legacy TWC and legacy Bright House with the legacy Charter operations requires significant capital expenditures and the expansion of certain operations and operating and financial systems. Even if the new businesses are successfully integrated, it may not be possible to realize the benefits that are expected to result from the transactions, or realize these benefits within the time frame that is expected. Management continues to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the integration process, and there is a significant degree of difficulty and management involvement inherent in that process. Our services may not allow us to compete effectively, and competition may reduce our expected growth of future cash flows, which may contribute to future impairments of our franchises and goodwill and our ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. We depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. Our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. If we are unable to meet these service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. We expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. Consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our voice and commercial businesses and operations. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, and similar events. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We could be exposed to significant costs if risks related to information security were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility, and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. We are subject to various laws and regulations, including those covering the provision of high-speed internet service, customer and employee privacy and data security, and approval for mergers and acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business. The failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more service areas could adversely affect our business.