As a large global health service company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. Future performance of our business will depend on our ability to execute our strategic and operational initiatives effectively. Successfully executing on these initiatives depends on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives, which involves differentiating our products and services from those of our competitors, developing and introducing new and innovative products, and managing our medical, pharmacy, administrative, and other operating costs effectively. Our failure to adapt could negatively impact our business, as we operate in a highly competitive environment subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer and client needs, legislative and regulatory developments, and other market factors. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with providers is key to our strategic focus to transition from volume-based fee-for-service arrangements to a value-based health care system. If we fail to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry, our competitive position could be adversely affected. We must remain competitive to attract new customers, retain existing customers, and further integrate additional product and service offerings. The negative reputational impact of a significant event, including a failure to execute on customer or client contracts or strategic or operational initiatives, could affect our ability to grow and retain profitable arrangements. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges. Our business is highly dependent upon our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion. Any failure or disruption of our performance of key business functions could cause slower response times, decreased levels of service satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. We face risks related to litigation, regulatory audits, and investigations that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and reputation. Our business depends on our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to, and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems. The success of our strategic transactions is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate operations, resources, and systems efficiently. Our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of these strategic transactions is contingent on our capacity to manage the complexities involved in integrating diverse organizational cultures and operational systems. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our failure to implement adequate business continuity and disaster recovery strategies could significantly reduce our ability to provide products and services to our customers, which could have material adverse effects on our business and results of operations. The integration of businesses is likely to cause increasing complexity in our systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. Our failure to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with third parties for various services and functions could also adversely affect our business.