In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, we face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. While geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, it also means that we are subject to the full range of risks associated with significant international operations, including political or economic instability, geopolitical events, environmental events, natural disasters, and changing macroeconomic conditions. All of the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property. We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of initiatives or challenges by competitors or to successfully respond to them, which could harm our business. A failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We have been and may continue to be negatively affected by changes in the policies or practices of our retail trade customers, such as inventory de-stocking, limitations on access to shelf space, and delisting of our products. The rapid growth in e-commerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels may create pricing pressures and adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers. If we are not successful in adapting or effectively reacting to changes in consumer preferences and market dynamics, our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected. We are engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale. Our operations and those of our suppliers could be disrupted by a number of factors, including environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in logistics, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, and natural disasters. While we believe that the supplies of raw materials needed to manufacture our products are adequate and have business continuity and contingency plans in place, significant disruption of manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials for any reason could interrupt product supply and, if not remedied, have an adverse impact on our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including those managed by third parties, to conduct our business. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently and are becoming more sophisticated. If we suffer a loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our IT systems, we may suffer reputational, competitive, and business harm. Furthermore, while we have disaster recovery and business continuity plans in place, if our IT systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct business as well as reputational harm. Uncertain global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. Unfavorable global economic conditions could negatively impact our business and could result in declining revenues, profitability, and cash flows. While we continue to devote significant resources to support our brands, during periods of economic uncertainty, consumers may reduce consumption or switch to lower-priced brands, which could reduce sales volumes of our products. We have pursued and may continue to pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our business. Acquisitions involve numerous potential risks, including realizing the full extent of the expected benefits or synergies as a result of a transaction and successfully integrating the operations of the acquired businesses.