The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material, but are not the only risks and uncertainties we face. Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including perceptions of the Chipotle brand and the safety and quality of our food, which may continue to be adversely impacted by actual or rumored food safety incidents or other adverse publicity. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our growth and transformation impose on management, crew, and existing infrastructure. Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls, information systems, and personnel may be inadequate to support our expansion, and managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures, and controls. The significant amount of media coverage regarding food safety incidents has negatively impacted perceptions of our restaurants and brand. We may continue to be negatively impacted by food safety incidents, and further instances of food-borne or localized illnesses associated with our restaurants would result in increased negative publicity and further adverse impacts on consumer perceptions of our brand. Our ability to continue to expand our digital business, delivery orders, and catering is uncertain, and these new business lines are subject to risks. We rely on third-party providers to fulfill delivery orders, and the ordering and payment platforms used by these third parties could be damaged or interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, or other factors, which may adversely impact our sales through these channels. Our failure to manage our growth and transformation effectively could harm our business and operating results. We may not successfully implement or fully realize the anticipated benefits of our restructuring activities, which could adversely impact employee hiring and retention. Our restructuring activities will increase our expenses and may not be successful. We are also facing an ongoing government investigation into food safety incidents and related compliance measures. Our ability to provide the experience our guests expect depends in part on our ability to acquire ingredients that meet our specifications from reliable suppliers. Unavailability of ingredients caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, food contamination, inclement weather, or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality, and cost of our ingredients. We may also face adverse publicity or liability for false advertising claims if suppliers do not adhere to all elements of our food with integrity programs. Our commitment to the food with integrity philosophy may also leave us open to actions against us or criticism from special interest groups whose ideas regarding food issues differ from ours. We may also determine not to move forward with any further expansion of Pizzeria Locale, which may limit our overall growth potential over the long term. Our ability to adapt to changes in consumer preferences and trends is crucial, as failure to do so may result in lost guests and deteriorating sales. Our overall results may also be negatively affected by currency risk on transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the U.S. dollar. We may be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding, training, and retaining top-performing employees. The risks related to building a customer base and managing development and operating costs may also be more significant than in our traditional sites, which could result in unexpected negative impacts on our new restaurant operating results.