Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain cyclical and is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, with significant upside during periods of higher prices. We focus on returns, maintain financial strength, grow our dividend, and pursue disciplined growth, which are critical for navigating through periods of volatile energy prices. Our value proposition principles are executed in accordance with our priorities for allocating cash flows from the business, including investing capital at a level that maintains flat production volumes and pays our existing dividend. We expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, our board of directors may determine that our funds generated by operations, after deducting operating expenses, are not sufficient to pay our desired levels of distributions to our stockholders or to pay distributions to our stockholders at all. Our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to several considerations, including cash available for distribution, our results of operations, and our financial condition. We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy; however, we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. Our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance our existing indebtedness will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, and investor sentiment. Our operations require us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties, and any default by any of our counterparties may result in our inability to perform our obligations under agreements we have made with third parties or may otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures, which decreases our ability to manage risk. The operation of our business requires significant and continuous oversight due to the variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, crude oil spills, severe weather, geological events, labor disputes, terrorist attacks, sabotage, civil unrest, or cyber attacks. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, appropriately to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis. We have business continuity plans in place; however, there can be no assurance that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. Our technologies, systems, and networks may be subject to cyber attacks, and a disruption, failure, or cyber breach of these operating systems could damage critical production, distribution, or storage assets. We strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. We are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety, and environmental performance. Our sustainability efforts continued through 2018 with a focus on advancing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water, and human rights. We believe financial strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours, and we expect to retire outstanding debt as it matures while exercising flexibility in paying down our other debt instruments. Our capital expenditures and investments support key exploration and developments, and we continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low-cost supply assets that support our strategy. We believe our current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, share repurchases, dividend payments, and required debt payments.