The following discussion describes certain risk factors that we believe could affect our business and prospects. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by manufacturer pricing changes and fewer generic pharmaceutical launches. We expect this to continue, which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. The pharmaceutical products that we purchase are also subject to price inflation and deflation. Additionally, certain distribution service agreements that we have entered into with brand and generic pharmaceutical manufacturers have a price appreciation component to them. As a result, our gross profit from brand-name and generic pharmaceuticals continues to be subject to fluctuation based upon the timing and extent of manufacturer price increases, which we do not control. Competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive, and the healthcare industry has been subject to increasing consolidation, which may create further competitive pressures on our pharmaceutical distribution business. Increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply channel may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. We are subject to the risk of changes in various federal and state laws, which include operating and security standards. Compliance with these requirements could result in suspension or delays in our production and distribution activities, which may increase our costs and adversely affect our results of operations. Legal, regulatory, and legislative changes with respect to reimbursement, pricing, and contracting may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business and our customers' businesses may be adversely affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals. The impact of the Affordable Care Act and other legislative changes could adversely affect our operations. The loss of significant customer relationships could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to significant challenges and uncertainties. A disruption in our distribution or purchasing services arrangements could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our operations may be adversely affected by any operational, financial, or regulatory difficulties that our partners experience. Natural disasters or other unexpected events may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. Declining economic conditions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the United States and other countries where we do business. Deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our working capital. We utilize days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. The increase in days sales outstanding was the result of a gradual change in payment terms with our largest customer. We expect to spend approximately $300 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2019, including costs related to new facilities and various technology initiatives. We continue to be in active communication with regulatory authorities regarding our compliance efforts and ongoing matters. The adverse resolution of any lawsuits or investigations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and cash flows.