The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to effectively manage these factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. Disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. Disruptions due to catastrophic events, labor issues, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our businesses. A failure or disruption of our primary and backup systems could adversely affect our businesses. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are currently making, and will continue to make, investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. We identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls, which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. We may incur property, casualty, or other losses not covered by our insurance. Significant claims or events, regulatory changes, or a substantial rise in costs could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, temporary closure of warehouses, disruption in the supply of products, and reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes and prevailing wage rates. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets, and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.