Our goals are to generate sustainable profits for our stockholders, while also producing environmental and social benefits for the world, by promoting vehicle restoration, repair, and recycling; parts refurbishment and re-use; and facilitating the recovery and resilience of communities affected by severe climate events. We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Furthermore, we continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the U.S. Acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside of the U.S. pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S., including expansions in Europe, Brazil, and the Middle East expose us to risks arising from operating in international markets. Our operations and acquisitions in certain foreign areas expose us to political, regulatory, economic, and reputational risks. We face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the U.S. market. Operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions, including but not limited to usage errors by our employees, power outages, and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and earthquakes. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities but also on our ability to hire, train, and manage additional qualified personnel; establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; secure adequate capital; and maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle sellers. Our annual and quarterly performance may fluctuate, causing the price of our stock to decline. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance. Our business is seasonal as inclement weather during the winter months increases the frequency of accidents and consequently, the number of cars involved in accidents which the insurance companies salvage rather than repair. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion.