The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, and consolidated results of operation. Unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, or the temporary disruption of information systems. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, catastrophic events, and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature, and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes and operational delays. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws, and other similar factors. The failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Following the G&K transaction, more of our labor force is unionized, and we have been and could continue to be the target of unionization campaigns that could materially disrupt our business. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and resources. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions. Our outstanding indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business. Changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control. Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations. We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, results of operations, and reputation. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. Unexpected events, including natural disasters and changes in laws, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Our ability to adapt to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical for organizational resilience. We regularly review our operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The combination of our distribution system and strong customer relationships provides a platform from which we launch additional products and services, contributing to our organizational strength and ability to confront external pressures.