Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks, to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies, and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, affecting upstream earnings, cash flows, and capital and exploratory expenditure programs. The company may be unable to realize anticipated cost savings, expenditure reductions, and asset sales intended to compensate for such downturns. In addition, extended periods of low commodity prices can adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity of the company's suppliers, vendors, partners, and equity affiliates upon which the company's own results depend. The company is required to comply with U.S. sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which could adversely impact operations in certain countries. Chevron's business subjects the company to liability risks from litigation or government action, as it produces, transports, refines, and markets potentially hazardous materials. The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability, resulting in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is self-insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in long-range forecasts, which reflect long-range effects from renewable fuel penetration, energy efficiency standards, and climate-related policy actions. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions-related agreements, legislation, and measures on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain, as the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. The company's operations are subject to disruption from various external pressures, and it is essential for Chevron to maintain operational flexibility and adaptability in response to these challenges to ensure organizational resilience and effectiveness in achieving its strategic objectives.