The company, except as required by law, undertakes no obligation to update or revise this risk factors discussion, whether as a result of new developments or otherwise. John Deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. Restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world, and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. Trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, and imposition of new tariffs against certain countries could limit John Deere's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair John Deere's ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. John Deere's operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on John Deere's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of John Deere products. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in potentially high-growth and emerging markets. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere's business. John Deere's operations, suppliers, and customers are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations of federal, state, and local authorities. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, labor shortages, business continuity, quality, delivery, or disruptions due to weather-related or natural disaster events could affect John Deere's operations and profitability. John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel. Failure to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy and could adversely affect John Deere's business. John Deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of its acquisitions, joint ventures, or divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected. John Deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems depend upon the use of RF signals. Any international or national reallocation of frequency bands could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of John Deere's GPS-based products. These cost increases could significantly reduce customers' profitability and demand for John Deere products. John Deere's operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, and the company has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. The potential physical impacts of climate change on John Deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers may adversely impact the demand for John Deere's products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of John Deere's operations.