For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand, thus reducing revenue and earnings. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create entertainment offerings that meet changing preferences and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, and consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. We must often invest substantial amounts in film production, television programming, and theme park attractions before we know the extent to which these products will earn consumer acceptance. If our offerings do not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, our revenue may decline or fail to grow to the extent we anticipate. Changes in technology and consumer consumption patterns may affect demand for our products, the revenue we can generate, or the cost of producing or distributing products. The media entertainment and internet businesses increasingly depend on our ability to adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption of new technologies. We regularly consider and implement changes to our business models to respond to these developments. The environment for travel and tourism, as well as demand for entertainment products, can be significantly adversely affected by various uncontrollable events, including adverse weather conditions, health concerns, and international political developments. These events may damage our ability to provide our products and services or increase costs. An incident affecting our property could have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and discourage consumers from attending our facilities. We derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of programming and are dependent on the successes of third parties for that portion of our revenue. A variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties, and if negative factors significantly impact a sufficient number of them, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected. We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, but changes in our business strategy or restructuring may increase our costs or otherwise affect profitability. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers and other forms of entertainment. Turmoil in the financial markets could increase our cost of borrowing and impede access to financing. Our profitability is also substantially affected by costs of pension benefits and employee health and welfare benefits, which may increase due to macroeconomic factors. Changes in regulations applicable to our businesses may impair profitability, and our operations outside the United States may be adversely affected by local laws. Labor disputes may disrupt operations and adversely affect profitability. The seasonality of certain businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on operations. The proposed acquisition of 21CF may cause disruption in our business, affecting our ability to execute strategies and attain financial goals. The pursuit of the acquisition may place a significant burden on our management and internal resources, diverting attention from day-to-day business concerns and potentially impacting financial results. The risks of operating internationally may increase upon completion of the acquisition, and our consolidated indebtedness will increase substantially, potentially reducing business flexibility.