Our business depends upon providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, and maintenance of environmental conditions. We may fail to provide such service as a result of numerous factors, including mechanical failure, power outage, human error, physical or electronic security breaches, war, terrorism, fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, and other natural disasters. Problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or equipment damage. Any failure to meet service level commitments could subject us to liability under our lease terms, including service level credits against customer rent payments, monetary damages, or, in certain cases of repeated failures, the right by the customer to terminate the lease. Service interruptions, equipment failures, or security breaches may also expose us to additional legal liability and monetary damages and damage our brand and reputation. Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We compete with numerous data center providers, many of whom own properties similar to ours in some of the same metropolitan areas where our data centers are located. The occurrence of any of the following risks might cause our stockholders and unitholders to lose all or part of their investment. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. Reduced demand could also result from business relocations, including to metropolitan areas that we do not currently serve. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. We may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. Our ability to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. Our technology industry customers operate at significant scale across numerous data center facilities and have designed cloud and computing networks with redundancies and fail-over capabilities across these facilities, which enhances the resiliency of their networks and applications. We may not be able to operate our existing data centers under these environmental conditions, particularly in multi-tenant facilities with other customers who are not willing to operate under these conditions. Our data centers could be at a competitive disadvantage to facilities that satisfy such requirements. Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We cannot assure you that these locations will grow or will remain favorable to data center investments or operations. We may be required to invest significant amounts or offer significant discounts to customers in order to lease or re-lease space, either of which could adversely affect our financial and operating results. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings.