Duke Energy's strategy, including transforming the customer experience, modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, and engaging employees and stakeholders, is subject to business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control. The ability to effectively handle all facets of storm response efforts is a testament to the team's extensive preparation and coordination in advance of the storm, applying lessons learned from previous storms. The reliable and safe operation of the power plants, electric distribution system, and natural gas infrastructure is foundational to customer satisfaction, financial results, and credibility with stakeholders. The company has made progress in addressing tax reform across jurisdictions, targeting solutions that provide benefits to customers and support the long-term credit quality of its utilities. Duke Energy's grid improvement programs are a key component of its growth strategy, ensuring the system is better prepared for severe weather, improving reliability and flexibility, and providing better information and services for customers. The modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters and storm hardening, helps to ensure the system is resilient to severe weather and ever-evolving cyber threats. The company continues to pursue natural gas infrastructure investments, working diligently to construct pipelines to bring low-cost gas supply and economic development opportunities. The ability to recover costs incurred in providing service is critical, and regulatory bodies review whether natural gas costs are prudent, which could adversely impact earnings. The operations may be negatively affected by overall market, economic, and other conditions beyond the company's control, including natural disasters or operational accidents. The company is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations requiring significant capital expenditures that can increase the cost of operations, impacting business plans or causing exposure to environmental liabilities. Compliance with environmental laws can require significant expenditures, including cleanup costs and damages arising from contaminated properties. The company is also subject to regulatory changes related to global climate change, which could impose significant additional costs. The duke energy registrants' operations, capital expenditures, and financial results may be affected by regulatory changes related to climate change impacts. The company recognizes that severe weather events may have a material impact on future operations should they occur more frequently and with greater severity, and it routinely takes steps to reduce the potential impact of such events on its electric distribution systems. The enterprise risk management policy framework includes strategy, operational, project execution, and financial risks, with established policies and procedures to monitor and manage market risks associated with commodity prices, interest rates, and equity prices. Duke Energy's exposure to commodity price risk is influenced by contract size, length, market liquidity, location, and unique contract terms. The company employs established policies to manage risks associated with market fluctuations, which may include using various commodity derivatives. The duke energy registrants have credit risk exposure through issuance of performance and financial guarantees, letters of credit, and surety bonds on behalf of less than wholly owned entities and third parties, with ongoing assessments to determine whether liabilities have been incurred as a result of potential increased non-performance risk by third parties.