We operate in businesses that are subject to competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. Our manufacturing facilities abroad are dependent on the stability of governments and business conditions and may be more susceptible to changes in laws, policies and regulations in host countries, as well as economic and political upheaval, than our domestic facilities. These facilities face increased risks of nationalization as well as operational disruptions which could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers. Our substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies and currency fluctuations. Recessions, adverse market conditions or downturns in end markets we serve may negatively affect our operations. In the past, our operations have been exposed to significant volatility due to changes in general economic conditions, recessions or adverse conditions in the end markets we serve. Furthermore, we may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations as well as separating divested businesses, and in managing strategic investments. Our operations are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our operating results. Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other debt instruments, or affect the company's ability to access those markets. Our success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of our management and key employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit our operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect our business and operating results. The company relies on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to more sophisticated and targeted measures directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to our information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation with third parties, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations.