Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including potential material liability linked to the use of our products by customers in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. We maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk, and interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation of our information technology systems. In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we could experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. We have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, but the possibility of cybersecurity incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers, and we cannot assure that our steps will lead to additional sales growth. Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our local branch presence and distribution strength; however, other competitors could respond with competitive platforms that negatively impact our ability to expand. Our success depends on our ability to develop product expertise and identify future products that respond to our customers' needs. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel is critical, as turnover in the industry is high, and competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership, and any disruption in leadership could adversely impact our operations. The industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could make it more competitive and negatively impact our market share. Disruptions to the transportation network could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. Our ability to provide efficient distribution is integral to our overall business strategy, and severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products. Our growth drivers, including industrial vending solutions and onsite locations, require significant investments in inventory, and we have increased our inventories in response to growth in general demand. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and fluctuations could adversely impact our ability to procure products overseas. The tightening of credit markets could impact our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms. Our net earnings growth is primarily due to stronger sales and operating profits, and we expect our net capital expenditures to increase as we expand our hub capacity and support our growth drivers. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees or agents will not violate such laws, which could result in fines and damage to our reputation.