We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple products to clients and developing custom client solutions. Our strategy is increasingly focused on the delivery of our products through cloud-based deployments. As we pursue our decision management strategy, we may experience volatility in our revenues and operating results caused by various factors, including the timing of investments necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings. Our growth and the success of our strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including the development and sale of our cloud-based product offerings. If we are unable to develop new products or if we experience defects, failures, and delays associated with the introduction of new products, our business could suffer serious harm. We have experienced delays while developing and introducing new products due to difficulties in developing models, acquiring data, and adapting to particular operating environments. Our reliance on a small number of products and services means that if the market does not continue to accept these products, our revenues will decline. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Disruption could result in a decline in the volume of transactions that we execute for our customers. Our acquisition and divestiture activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. We have acquired and expect to continue to acquire companies, businesses, products, services, and technologies, which involve significant risks and uncertainties, including the potential loss of key personnel and customers of the acquired operation. Our ongoing business may be disrupted and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities. We have implemented an ongoing reengineering initiative designed to grow revenues through strategic resource allocation and improve profitability through cost reductions. Our management approach includes evaluating the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships. We believe these balances, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to innovate by internally developing new and competitive technologies, effectively respond to changing customer needs, and influence and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new products and services, our revenues may decline. We must enhance and improve existing products and continue to introduce new products that keep pace with technological developments. The market for business analytics is rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and we expect competition in this market to persist and intensify. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business and sell our products will be negatively affected. We are subject to various proceedings, lawsuits, and claims relating to products and services, technology, labor, and other matters, which require us to assess the likelihood of any adverse outcomes and the potential range of probable losses. The occurrence of certain negative events may cause fluctuations in our stock price, and we believe that you should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of financial results as an indication of future performance.