We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years. Industry participants are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, and methods of travel and vehicle ownership. It is strategically significant that we lead the technological disruption occurring in our industry, including consumer adoption of electric vehicles and commercialization of autonomous vehicles in a rideshare environment. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is complex, costly, and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a very competitive industry with market participants routinely introducing new and improved vehicle models and features designed to meet rapidly evolving consumer expectations. Our profitability is dependent upon the success of SUVs and full-size pick-up trucks. While we offer a balanced portfolio of cars, crossovers, SUVs, and trucks, we generally recognize higher profit margins on our SUVs and trucks. Our success is dependent upon our ability to sell higher margin vehicles in sufficient volumes. We may continue to restructure our operations in the U.S. and various other countries and initiate additional cost reduction actions, but we may not succeed in doing so. Since 2017, we have undertaken restructuring actions to lower our operating costs in response to difficult market and operating conditions in various parts of the world, including the U.S., Korea, and Europe. We are continuing to implement a number of operating effectiveness initiatives to improve productivity and reduce costs. There is no guarantee that we will realize the anticipated savings or benefits from past or future restructuring and/or cost reduction actions in full or within the time periods we expect. In addition, these actions also subject us to increased risks of labor unrest or strikes, litigation, negative publicity, and business disruption. Our electric vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to reduce the cost of manufacturing electric vehicles, as well as increased consumer adoption. We anticipate that the production and profitable sale of electric vehicles will become increasingly important to our business. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. Our business is highly dependent upon global automobile market sales volume, which can be volatile. A number of economic and market conditions drive changes in vehicle sales, including real estate values, the availability and prices of used vehicles, levels of unemployment, availability of affordable financing, fluctuations in the cost of fuel, consumer confidence, political unrest, and global economic conditions. We cannot predict future economic and market conditions with certainty. Our significant business in China subjects us to unique operational, competitive, and regulatory risks. Maintaining a strong position in the Chinese market is a key component of our global growth strategy. Our operations and products are subject to extensive laws, governmental regulations, and policies that can significantly increase our costs and affect how we do business. We expect that manufacturers will continue to be subject to increased scrutiny from regulators globally. We expect to sustain a strong EBIT-adjusted margin in 2019 on continued strength of the U.S. industry light vehicle sales, favorable vehicle mix, and continued focus on overall cost savings partially offset by higher costs associated with commodities and tariffs, as well as pricing pressures.