The risk factors discussed in this section should be considered together with information included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered the only risks to which the company is exposed. Economic, political, and industry trends affect Grainger's business environments, and many of Grainger's customers operate in markets that are subject to cyclical fluctuations resulting from market uncertainty, trade and tariff policies, and other factors beyond Grainger's control. Any of these factors could cause customers to idle or close facilities, delay purchases, reduce production levels, or experience reductions in the demand for their own products or services. Grainger's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. The facilities maintenance industry is highly competitive, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and services. To remain competitive, the company must be willing and able to respond to market pressures, and the implementation, timing, and results of Grainger's strategic pricing and other responses could have a material effect on Grainger's sales and profitability. Grainger expects technological advancements and the increased use of e-commerce solutions within the industry to continue to evolve at a rapid pace, necessitating the need to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations, and the occurrence of natural disasters, geopolitical events, and other extreme conditions could disrupt Grainger's logistics or supply chain network. Any such disruption could impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products, resulting in lost sales, additional costs, or penalties. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is integral to its business strategy, and any disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems, which are critical to the successful operation of its business. Cybersecurity incidents could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, and increase costs. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, and confidentiality agreements. The company must attract, retain, and motivate key employees to compete effectively, and the failure to do so could have an adverse effect on results of operations. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of its reputation, and any incident could erode trust and confidence, leading to adverse effects on Grainger's business. Grainger's business is subject to legislative, legal, and regulatory risks, and failure to comply with laws and regulations could materially adversely affect Grainger's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The company must also manage its working capital effectively to fund operations, growth initiatives, and capital expenditures. Grainger's ability to maintain its integrity and performance while under internal or external variations and disturbances is essential for its resilience in the face of adversity.