Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, exposing us to interest rate risk and limiting our ability to adjust to changing market conditions, which places us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who are less highly leveraged. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, which could force us to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, potentially leading to liquidity problems and requiring us to dispose of material assets or operations. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. The health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years, impacting our ability to contract with third-party payers and our strategy for volume growth. We face increasing competition to recruit physicians, which may affect our ability to provide adequate support personnel and technologically advanced equipment. Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our management and medical support personnel, and failure to recruit and retain qualified staff could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We may encounter challenges integrating the operations of acquired hospitals and other health care businesses, which could impair our ability to operate and expand our operations. Our facilities are heavily concentrated in Florida and Texas, making us sensitive to regulatory, economic, environmental, and competitive conditions in those states. Hurricanes have had a disruptive effect on our operations in the past, and our business activities could be harmed by a particularly active hurricane season. We have disaster plans in place and operate pursuant to infectious disease protocols, but the potential emergence of a pandemic or public health crisis is difficult to predict and could adversely affect our operations. Our ability to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay our obligations is uncertain, especially during periods of economic weakness, which may increase budgetary pressures on states and reduce spending for health care programs. Changes in government health care programs, including reductions in payments under these programs, could negatively impact our revenues. Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians, and we continue to face increasing competition in this area. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in market values of securities and interest rate changes, and we periodically enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to these fluctuations. Our operations could be impaired by a failure of our information systems, which are critical to our business operations. Cybersecurity incidents could result in harm to patients, business interruptions, and reputational damage. We are subject to numerous investigations by various government agencies, and the resolution of these inquiries could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. Our results may be adversely affected by health care reform efforts, particularly changes to government health care programs and the potential impact of legislative and regulatory changes. The emergence and effects related to a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease could adversely affect our operations, and we may not be able to predict the impact of such events on our business continuity.