We believe that the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for making period-to-period comparisons of results because the adjustments to GAAP are not reflective of our core business performance. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors; lower interest rates and financial markets uncertainty; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; evolving and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies; and consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing and listings. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity and consolidation is important to our business. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. Our trading and clearing segment operating income increased due to the revenue increases discussed above. The increases in revenue were driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers and increases in pricing of our products. Our data services revenues increased primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers and the addition of new customers. The increase in revenues includes favorable foreign exchange effects arising from the weaker U.S. dollar. The increases in agricultural volumes to record levels were primarily driven by price volatility resulting from shifting supply and demand dynamics. Our record level interest rate futures and options volume was driven by expectations for heightened central bank activity during the year, coupled with geopolitical uncertainty. The duration of these trends will determine the continued impact on our business. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. Our two segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. The changes in our deferred revenue during 2018 and 2017 reflect the impact of acquisitions and divestitures. We operate six clearing houses, each of which acts as a central counterparty that becomes the buyer to every seller and the seller to every buyer for its clearing members. Through this central counterparty function, the clearing houses provide financial security for each transaction for the duration of the position by limiting counterparty credit risk. Our clearing houses have never experienced an incident of a clearing member default which has required the use of the guaranty funds of non-defaulting clearing members or the assets of the clearing houses. We recognize a current tax liability or tax asset for the estimated taxes payable or refundable on tax returns for the current year. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of our assets and liabilities. We establish valuation allowances if we believe that it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. The impact of the deferred tax benefits for the U.S. and U.K. corporate income tax rate reductions resulted in deferred tax benefits and lowered the effective tax rates. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies.