Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments, as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments, may affect our future operating results. Strategic risks relate to our current and future operating model, business plans, and growth strategy, including the risks associated with competitive pressures on our product offerings and business models, and our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We face intense competition that may harm our operating results, and we must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. We are investing significant resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. Business interruption or failure of our information technology and communication systems may impair the availability of our products and services, which may damage our reputation and harm our future financial results. We rely on various third-party partners in many areas of our business to deliver our offerings and operate our business. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers, which may reduce our revenues and profits. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business and are not yet resolved. Our operations process a significant volume and dollar value of transactions on a daily basis, especially in our payroll and payments businesses. Despite our efforts to ensure that effective processing systems and controls are in place to handle transactions appropriately, it is possible that we may make errors or that funds may be misappropriated due to fraud. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our business depends on our strong reputation and the value of our brands, and damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity may reduce demand for our products and services. We have invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, and inadequate return on investments. We continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against fraud.