The company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the company's control. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. Global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medical devices segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. The company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines and reputational damage. Product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage. Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the company's operating results. The company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. The company is currently assessing the impact of proposed tax reforms, which may have a material impact on the company's operating results. The company faces a variety of risks associated with conducting business internationally, including financial, economic and political risks. Interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the company's business, sales and reputation. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, site-specific incidents, natural disasters, raw material shortages, political unrest and terrorist attacks. The company relies on third parties to manufacture certain of its products, and any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer could result in delays and increased costs. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities. The company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. The company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and a 1% change in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to all foreign currencies would have a significant impact on the translation of foreign sales and net income. The company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights, facing challenges from competitors seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of its key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of applicable patents. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. The company's continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving health care needs of patients, providers and consumers. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services. The company has achieved significant annualized pre-tax cost savings through restructuring actions, which will provide added flexibility and resources to fund investment in new growth opportunities and innovative solutions for customers and patients. The company expects these actions to generate significant annual pre-tax cost savings that will enhance agility and drive growth. The company maintains a focus on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invests for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders.