The success of the DPS merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate its hot and cold businesses. Integration of the hot and cold businesses following the DPS merger is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. Our ability to successfully manage this expanded business depends, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two discrete companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. The actual cost savings of the DPS merger could be less than anticipated, and our future results may be adversely impacted if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. We continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the hot and cold businesses. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns and other factors, which could impact our financial results. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the countries in which we operate or in various local marketplaces may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, including as a result of increased consolidation in the food and beverage industry. Our hot business competes with major international beverage and appliance companies, as well as numerous companies that are primarily local in operation. A disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility could have a material adverse effect on our business. A disruption could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. Moreover, if demand increases more than we forecast, we will need to either expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. Our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity including labor disputes or work stoppages. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. A failure or perceived failure to meet our quality or safety standards could result in time-consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. We rely on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management and prepare financial reports. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. However, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. Our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and continue to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Our success in maintaining, extending and expanding our brands' image will depend on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment.