Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products that we handle. Changes in the business environment, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. The occurrence of operational incidents could result in significant reputational damage, impairment or suspension of operations, and substantial financial losses, including lost revenue and cash flow to the extent that an incident causes an interruption of service. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage, which could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and terminals. The volatility of oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business segments. Our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way, public opposition, and other delays. We regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets, which are subject to various risks including operational disruptions and apportionment on third-party systems. Our business is also influenced by the regulatory environment, where changes could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to reputational risks and risks relating to public opinion, which could result in delays or stoppages in expansion projects, increased regulatory oversight, and challenges to regulatory approvals. The future success of our operations depends in part upon our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable. Our operations require the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties in this area could negatively impact our business. We utilize hedging arrangements to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, but these arrangements expose us to risks. Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process data and transactions, and any failure or breach could adversely affect our operations and reputation. We are also exposed to risks from natural disasters and climate change, which could damage our physical assets and disrupt the supply of products we transport. Our financial health is affected by our substantial debt, which could make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. We have limited amounts of internally generated cash flows to fund acquisitions and growth capital expenditures, and limitations on our access to external financing sources could impair our ability to grow. Our reputation and public opinion could also be impacted by the actions and activities of other companies operating in the energy industry. The increased regulatory requirements relating to the integrity of our pipelines may require us to incur significant capital and operating expense outlays to comply. We plan to continue our integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of our existing and future pipelines. Our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing may be restricted by our debt instruments, which contain restrictive covenants. The overall demand for hydrocarbons could be affected by evolving financial institutions' policies concerning businesses linked to fossil fuels, which could indirectly affect demand for our services.