The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The industry environment has moved toward being more characterized by variability across segments and customers accentuated by consolidation within the industry. Variability in our customers' business plans may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, which could negatively impact our results. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. Future declines in the semiconductor industry and the overall world economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. Additionally, in times of economic uncertainty, our customers' budgets for our products, or their ability to access credit to purchase them, could be adversely affected. Fluctuating levels of investment by semiconductor manufacturers may materially affect our aggregate shipments, revenues, operating results, and earnings. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. Factors that may cause our financial results to fluctuate unpredictably include economic conditions in the electronics and semiconductor industries, the size and timing of orders from customers, and manufacturing difficulties. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing facilities, which are concentrated in a limited number of locations. These locations are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, such as natural or man-made disasters, terrorist activities, and utility interruptions. Such disruptions may cause delays in shipping our products, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success, and this is an ongoing challenge due to intense competition for top talent and fluctuations in industry or business economic conditions. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash flows to enable us to meet our expenses and service our debt, which could materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.