We operate in markets that contain many competitors, and our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services. Economic downturns could impact our financial results and growth, as weak economic conditions in one or more parts of the world, changes in oil prices and currency values, and disruptions in national, regional, or global economies could have a negative impact on the lodging industry. The continued diversion of resources and management's attention to the integration of Starwood could adversely affect our day-to-day business, and integration-related matters may continue to place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. We have encountered challenges in harmonizing our different reservations and other systems, and we may encounter additional or increased challenges related to integration. Our integration efforts involved significant changes to certain of our guest programs and services, and while we believe such changes enhance these programs and services for our guests, these changes remain subject to various uncertainties. Our lodging operations are subject to global, national, and regional conditions, and decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions and heightened travel security measures have hurt our business. Our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic and political environment in each of our operating regions. The growing significance of our operations outside of the U.S. makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. We are also subject to restrictions imposed by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries. Our compliance programs and internal controls may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. We are subject to risks associated with natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war, which could reduce the demand for lodging and adversely affect our revenues. Disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or delay implementation of product or service initiatives. Labor disputes and disruptions could harm our relationship with our associates and result in increased regulatory inquiries and enforcement by governmental authorities. If we cannot attract and retain talented associates, our business could suffer, as insufficient numbers of talented associates could limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. Damage to properties we own, manage, or franchise may not be covered by insurance, or the cost of such insurance could increase. Our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and may be unable to access capital when necessary. Our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. Our development and renovation activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. We cannot assure you that our investments through partnerships or joint ventures will be successful despite the risks. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans and fund our liquidity needs. We believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements.