The information in this report includes forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses, and business opportunities. Our business strategies must be effective in maintaining and strengthening customer appeal, delivering sustainable guest count growth, and driving a higher average check. Whether these strategies are successful depends mainly on our system's ability to continue to innovate and differentiate the McDonald's experience, capitalize on our global scale, iconic brand, and local market presence, and utilize our new organizational structure to build on our progress. We must anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics and trends in food sourcing, preparation, offerings, and preferences in the "informal eating out" segment. Our ability to retain, regain, and convert customers depends on the impact of pricing, promotional, and marketing plans across the system and the ability to adjust these plans to respond quickly and effectively to evolving customer preferences, as well as shifting economic and competitive conditions. The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company continues to evolve to a more heavily franchised business model, which is currently about 93% franchised, with a long-term goal of approximately 95%. The velocity growth plan is a customer-centric strategy designed to drive sustainable guest count growth, which is vital to growing sales and shareholder value. The strategy is built on retaining existing customers, regaining customers who visit less often, and converting casual to committed customers. The company is enhancing the overall customer experience with hospitable service and improved convenience through the deployment of digital platforms and delivery services. The company recognizes that its success in advancing each of the pillars within its strategy will be demonstrated as customers continue to feel good about visiting McDonald's restaurants. The company is also working to manage the risks and costs associated with the effects of climate change, greenhouse gases, and diminishing energy and water resources. These risks include increased public focus on environmental sustainability matters, such as packaging and waste, animal health and welfare, deforestation, and land use. The company faces intense competition in its markets, which could hurt its business. The company competes on the basis of product choice, quality, affordability, service, and location, and its ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price products appropriately, and manage the complexity of restaurant operations. The company’s results of operations are substantially affected by economic conditions, which can vary significantly by market and impact consumer disposable income levels and spending habits. The company is subject to increasing legal complexity and could be party to litigation that could adversely affect it. The company's success depends in part on its ability to manage the impact of new, potential, or changing regulations that can affect its business plans and operations. The company is also impacted by the costs and other effects of compliance with U.S. and international regulations affecting its workforce. The company’s organizational structure allows it to effectively respond to challenges and uncertainties associated with operating in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, crime, corruption, and social and ethnic unrest.