We operate in a highly competitive industry and could be adversely affected if we do not effectively execute our strategy and timely respond to pricing and other competitive pressures. Competitor and customer pressures require that we timely and effectively respond to new distribution channels and technological developments and may require that we reduce our prices. Failure to effectively and timely assess new or developing trends, technological advancements or changes in distribution methods may negatively impact our operating results, achievement of our strategic and financial goals and our ability to capitalize on new revenue or value-producing opportunities. The rapid emergence of new distribution channels, such as e-commerce, may disrupt our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. We may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. Maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand image and health is essential to our business success. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance the health of our brands' equity, launch our brands in new geographies, expand into new distribution platforms, including e-commerce, and evolve our brands with new product offerings that meet consumer expectations. We seek to strengthen our brands through product renovation, innovation and marketing investments. We must correctly predict, identify and interpret changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Our success relies upon managing this complexity to bring our products to consumers effectively. Moreover, weak economic conditions, recession, equity market volatility or other factors, such as severe weather events, could affect consumer preferences and demand. If we do not offer products that appeal to consumers or if we misjudge consumer demand for our products, we will not be able to meet our growth targets, our sales and market share will decrease and our profitability could suffer. We must distinguish between short-term fads and trends and long-term changes in consumer preferences. We might be unsuccessful in our efforts to effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and social expectations. Continued negative perceptions and failure to satisfy consumer preferences could materially and adversely affect our reputation, product sales, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including compliance with various laws and regulations, currency devaluations or fluctuations, increased sovereign risk, and political and economic changes or volatility. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. If we do not effectively plan for and respond to disruptions in our operations, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers, and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. Our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, significant changes in trade policies, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory restrictions or labor-related constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate.