Difficult economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions in financial asset classes or various markets can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. Global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, and government actions taken in response to any of these factors, could all adversely affect our financial condition, business operations, and our ability to receive dividends from our insurance subsidiaries and meet our obligations. Such adverse changes in the economy could negatively affect our earnings and capitalization. Sustained periods of low interest rates and risk asset returns could reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures such as hedging, causing our profit margins to erode. In the event of extreme prolonged market events, such as a global credit crisis or market downturn, we could incur significant capital or operating losses. The demand for our financial and insurance products could be adversely affected by an economic downturn resulting in higher unemployment, lower family income, and reduced net investment income. We are closely monitoring political and economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio, and derivatives. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify every risk to which we are exposed. We rely on the effective operation of our and our suppliers' computer systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and transactions, and we are subject to risks related to fraud, including fraud committed by our associates. A failure in our cybersecurity or other information security systems could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation, and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively. We manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings, and our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies. We have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels and our annual capital plan. We believe that the continued volatility of the financial markets and its impact on the capital position of many competitors will strain the competitive environment. We cannot predict the incidence, timing, severity, or amount of losses from catastrophes and acts of terrorism, but we make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. Our ability to manage catastrophe risk also depends in part on our ability to obtain catastrophe reinsurance, which may not be available at commercially acceptable rates.