The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates, and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries. Various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, consumer protection, antitrust, tax, and employment matters. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. Significant federal, state, and local governmental actions may continue to have an adverse impact on us and our tobacco subsidiaries' businesses and sales volumes. These actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels. Altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Altria or the business of Altria's tobacco subsidiaries. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business. Altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems to support a variety of business processes and activities. We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber threats. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products. If our tobacco subsidiaries or investees do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors do succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries or investees may be at a competitive disadvantage, which could have an adverse effect on their financial performance. Altria's management believes that the estimated fair values of each reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible asset are reasonable, but actual performance could be significantly different from forecasted performance, which could result in impairment charges in future periods.