Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions such as scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. We have mature systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, such as floods, hurricane-force winds, wildfires and snowstorms, and potential chronic physical risks, such as higher ocean levels. If any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. Specifically, where appropriate, we are hardening and modernizing assets against weather damage and ensuring we have resiliency measures in place, such as storm-specific readiness plans. We have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to protect our assets and operations from such physical risks and employ the evolving technologies and processes available to mitigate such risks. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. We conduct some of our operations through joint ventures in which we share control over certain economic and business interests with our joint venture partners. Failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint-venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including an interruption or failure due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have implemented multiple layers of cybersecurity protections, infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and employee training. While we have invested significant amounts in the protection of our technology systems and maintain what we believe are adequate security controls over personally identifiable customer, investor and employee data, there can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be effective. We also face various other cybersecurity threats from criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusion, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. Our operations, including those of MPLX and ANDX, and those of our predecessors could expose us to litigation and civil claims by private plaintiffs for alleged damages related to contamination of the environment or personal injuries caused by releases of hazardous substances from our facilities, products liability, consumer credit or privacy laws, product pricing or antitrust laws or any other laws or regulations that apply to our operations. We believe we comply with all legal requirements regarding the environment, but since not all of them are fixed or presently determinable and may be affected by future legislation or regulations, it is not possible to predict all of the ultimate costs of compliance, including remediation costs that may be incurred and penalties that may be imposed. Our environmental expenditures, including non-regulatory expenditures, for each of the last three years were substantial, reflecting our commitment to maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of regulatory and environmental challenges. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant, ensuring that we are prepared to adapt to unforeseen circumstances and external pressures that may impact our operations and overall organizational health.