The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, which can create new risks. The company has implemented a variety of measures to enhance and modernize its systems to guard against cyber-attacks and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is to protect against future cyber-attacks, improve the speed of recovery from such attacks, and enable continued business operations during any recovery period. The company recognizes that it must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and indications sufficient to cover substantial research and development costs and replace sales lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products. The company commits substantial effort, funds, and resources to research and development, both through its own dedicated resources and through various collaborations with third parties. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, and the costs of compliance with such laws could adversely affect its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position, and prospects. The company is also exposed to market risks from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which could negatively affect its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial position, and prospects. The company faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products and must continue to launch new products to remain competitive. The company has experienced difficulties and delays in manufacturing certain products, which could lead to product shortages and lost sales. The company is taking steps to increase sales in emerging markets but recognizes that these markets carry significant risks. The company is committed to ensuring that externally sourced programs remain an important component of its pipeline strategy, focusing on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company’s research and development model is designed to increase productivity and improve the probability of success by prioritizing research and development resources on candidates capable of providing unambiguous, promotable advantages to patients and payers. The company believes that its strong financial profile enables it to fund research and development, focus on external alliances, support in-line products, and maximize upcoming launches while providing significant cash returns to shareholders. The company has established investment guidelines for its pension and other postretirement plans to create an asset allocation expected to deliver a rate of return sufficient to meet long-term obligations. The company’s clinical pipeline includes candidates in multiple disease areas, and it has maintained a number of long-term exploratory and fundamental research programs in biology and chemistry as well as directed toward product development.