We are dependent on third parties to supply data and software for our products and are dependent on certain vendors to distribute our data. A refusal by a key vendor to distribute our data or any loss of key outside suppliers of data or software products could impair our ability to provide our clients with the data, products or services they desire. We rely on the accuracy and quality of third-party data and software products and depend on the ability and willingness of third-party data and software providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. If disruptions, failures or slowdowns occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology platform, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients may be materially adversely affected. We have invested in risk management and information security measures, including employee training, disaster recovery and business continuity plans. However, the total cost of ongoing development and implementation may increase over time given enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity breaches. Our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or if the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the prior expansion of our business. Our expansion in the past and any future expansion has placed significant demands on our personnel, management and other resources. Our growth strategy includes expanding leadership in research-enhanced content, strengthening existing and new client relationships by providing solutions, improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms, and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. We must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage transitions and product integrations to remain competitive and generate customer demand. Failure to do so could limit our ability to maintain or grow current revenues. We believe that the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key management, research and product development, sales and marketing, product management, operations, information technology and other personnel. The development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience and abilities of our employees. If we are unable to effectively manage transitions to new or enhanced products and services, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented safeguards and policies to discourage unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our employees or agents that could be in violation of various anti-corruption laws. However, our existing safeguards may prove to be less than fully effective, and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Our ability to make payments on indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate and access cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors.