We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, which may lead to lower revenue, gross margins, and operating income. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Whether we succeed in cloud-based services depends on our execution in several areas, including maintaining the utility, compatibility, and performance of our cloud-based services on the growing array of computing devices. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. The development of the Internet of Things presents security, privacy, and execution risks. If IoT solutions that include our technologies do not work as intended, violate the law, or harm individuals or businesses, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. Our corporate headquarters and significant portions of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. If our products do not meet customer expectations or emerging global accessibility requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory actions. Our global operations subject us to potential liability under anti-corruption, trade protection, and other laws and regulations. We are subject to various claims and lawsuits that may result in adverse outcomes. The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. If we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits that may arise from a wide variety of business practices and initiatives. The litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties, and management's view of these matters may change in the future. A material adverse impact in our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable.