We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, commodity price volatility, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. These global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in a number of ways, including requests by customers for vendor financing. Certain customers require substantial financing, including public financing or government grants, in order to fund their operations and make purchases from us. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds could have a negative impact on our financial results. It is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate. Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases in response to tighter credit, decreased cash availability, and de-prioritization of communications equipment within the budgeting process. We operate in a number of markets with a risk of intensifying political instability, including Europe, Russia, Brazil, the Middle East, and Africa. If political instability continues in these markets, it could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and operate in those locations. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property. We are dependent on our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems, which increases our vulnerability. Our sales within a quarter are not linear, with a substantial percentage of products shipping in the final month of the quarter. This lack of linearity creates inefficiencies in our business performance, and any interruption during this final month could have a substantial impact on our quarterly financial results. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our ability to meet customers' demands depends on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software from our suppliers. We may also face challenges in budgeting and forecasting due to the prevailing economic uncertainties. The expansion of our services business creates increased areas of risk that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate. We may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators and commercial software companies as services contracts become larger and more complicated. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. The markets for certain products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards. We expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards services and software over time, which necessitates ongoing adaptation and innovation to maintain competitive advantage.