Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We may be unable to maintain or improve gross margins, which are dependent in part upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes and difficulties in transitioning to smaller line-width process technologies. The semiconductor memory and storage markets are highly competitive, and we face intense competition from a number of companies that may have greater resources to invest in technology and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies, which face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations, including diverging interests between us and our partners and disagreements on ongoing or future development. A significant concentration of our net sales is to a select number of customers, and a disruption in our relationship with any of these customers could adversely affect our business. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products, which increases our reliance on our customers' ability to accurately forecast the end-customer's needs and preferences. We may experience problems with nonconforming, defective, or incompatible products after we have shipped such products, which could impose significant costs on us. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. We have manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and geological events that could disrupt operations. Our operations are also dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. Disruptions in the supply of raw materials or components could have a material adverse effect on our business. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive, and competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense. Our inability to attract and retain key employees may inhibit our ability to expand our business operations. We are subject to counterparty default risks, and if one of our counterparties becomes insolvent, our ability to recover any losses may be limited. The operations of mmj are subject to continued oversight by the tokyo district court during the pendency of the corporate reorganization proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations, and we expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements. The global memory and storage industry has experienced consolidation and may continue to consolidate, which could expose us to additional risks.