This "risk factors" section contains references to our "capital stock" and to our "stockholders." Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located; inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants; oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates; declines in our tenants' creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, which may be affected by their operations, economic downturns and competition within their industries from other operators; defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants; and the economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located. A significant portion of the costs of owning property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, and maintenance, are not necessarily reduced when circumstances cause a decrease in rental revenue from the properties. In a weakened financial condition, tenants may not be able to pay these costs of ownership and we may be unable to recover these operating expenses from them. The occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from the tenant's lease or leases. If tenants do not renew their leases as they expire, we may not be able to rent or sell the properties. Furthermore, leases that are renewed, and some new leases for properties that are re-leased, may have terms that are less economically favorable than expiring lease terms, or may require us to incur significant costs, such as renovations, tenant improvements, or lease transaction costs. Negative market conditions may cause us to sell vacant properties for less than their carrying value, which could result in impairments. Any of these events could adversely affect cash flow from operations and our ability to make distributions to stockholders and service indebtedness. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. We are subject to risks associated with debt and capital stock financing. We intend to incur additional indebtedness in the future, including the use of our unsecured revolving credit facility. Our future growth will depend, in large part, upon our ability to raise additional capital. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time and may be outside of our control, including prevailing interest rates, general economic, political and financial market conditions, and the financial condition, performance and prospects of us, our tenants and our competitors. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our strategy of primarily holding properties, long-term, directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment.