Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. The volatility of natural gas, crude oil, and NGL prices could affect adversely our earnings and cash flows. Market volatility and capital availability could affect adversely our business. Our operating results may be affected materially and adversely by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Increased competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on our business. We may face opposition to the construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups, which could lead to delays in the construction of assets. Our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation, and distribution pipelines, storage facilities, and processing and fractionation plants. We may not be able to develop and execute growth projects and acquire new assets, which could result in reduced dividends to our shareholders. Our ability to grow is dependent, in part, upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. We may not be able to replace, extend, or add additional contracted volumes on favorable terms, or at all, which could affect our financial condition. Our ability to replace, extend, or add additional customer or supplier contracts is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. The capital and global credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption in the past, which could have an adverse effect on us. Our established risk-management policies and procedures may not be effective, and employees may violate our risk-management policies. We are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations. Our businesses are subject to market and credit risks, and we may use derivative instruments to hedge anticipated purchases and sales. We cannot predict the potential impact to our business resulting from additional regulations. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into, or otherwise relating to the protection of, the environment. Our ability to maintain investment-grade credit ratings is critical for our access to capital. A breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure of one or more key information technology or operational systems may affect adversely our operations. We may not be able to maintain effective internal controls, which could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Our reliance on others to operate joint-venture assets and to provide other services could affect adversely our business and operating results. We are subject to strict regulations at many of our facilities regarding employee safety, and failure to comply with these regulations could affect adversely our business. We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of GHG emissions. Our ability to manage risks associated with our operations is critical for our organizational resilience. The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and regulatory environments is essential for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our strategic objectives.