We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software, hardware, or cloud offerings. We must also manage new hardware product introductions and transitions to minimize the impact of customer delayed purchases of existing hardware products in anticipation of new hardware product releases. We depend on suppliers to design, develop, manufacture, and deliver on a timely basis the necessary technologies and components for our hardware products, and there are some technologies and components that can only be purchased from a single vendor due to price, quality, technology, availability, or other business constraints. Our supply chain operations could be disrupted or negatively impacted by industry consolidation and component constraints or shortages, natural disasters, political unrest, or other factors affecting the countries or regions where these single-source component vendors are located. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies; however, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. We may also experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Despite testing prior to the release and throughout the lifecycle of a product or service, our cloud, license, and hardware offerings sometimes contain coding or manufacturing errors that can impact their function, performance, and security. We are also subject to various legal proceedings, and litigation can be lengthy, expensive, and disruptive to our operations, diverting management's attention away from running our core business. Our business is influenced by a range of factors that are beyond our control, including general economic and business conditions, overall demand for enterprise cloud, license, and hardware products and services, and governmental budgetary constraints. We are also subject to early termination of our contracts, and many governmental entities have the right to terminate contracts at any time, without cause. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these difficulties. We monitor our operations and investigate allegations of improprieties relating to transactions and the way in which such transactions are recorded. We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise and other expertise are available at lower costs. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies in furtherance of our corporate strategy.