The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including our ability to successfully capitalize on growth opportunities or prospects. The anticipated progress in remediation efforts at certain of our manufacturing facilities and the expectations related to our supply issues are significant for maintaining operational continuity. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity to achieve a sustainable pipeline. The introduction of competitive products can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful, and these countries may not continue to sustain growth rates. We constantly monitor the evolving emerging markets for any unanticipated risk to our business. The impact of payers' efforts to control access to and pricing of specialty pharmaceuticals is increasing, creating a more challenging paradigm for our growing specialty business portfolio. We are undertaking corrective actions to address concerns raised by regulatory authorities, and communication with these authorities is ongoing. The product shortages we have been experiencing within our portfolio are primarily driven by capacity constraints, technical issues, and supplier quality concerns. Our reliance on third-party collaborators and service providers in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products means that failure by these parties to meet their contractual obligations could delay or prevent the development and commercialization of our products. The success of our strategic acquisitions will depend on our ability to realize anticipated benefits from combining these businesses with Pfizer. Integration of these businesses may result in the loss of key employees or disruption of ongoing business. Our strategies may not deliver the desired result, which could affect growth and profitability in the future. We are subject to extensive, complex, costly, and evolving regulation by governmental authorities, and failure to comply with all applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. We continue to monitor credit, capital restrictions, and economic situations in volatile regions and markets, especially where the ability to obtain U.S. dollars for local currency is unpredictable and challenging. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. However, we cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in these economic conditions or what impact they may have on our results of operations, financial condition, or business.