The company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, and realignments to support its growth and cost management strategies. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies, and cash flow and to reduce costs. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company may encounter or has encountered difficulties during the integration process of acquisitions, including the ability to create and enforce uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies, and information systems, and challenges of integrating complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets into the company's operations in a manner that minimizes any adverse impact or disruptions to customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituencies. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The company is devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of acquired entities. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The company may be subject to risks relating to the development of new products and technologies, as the ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect its competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources. The company's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. The company believes many opportunities for profitable growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in various sectors, including energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives, maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, fostering a safety-first and entrepreneurial culture, and engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures will increase operating income and expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately its operations, including the continued integration of acquisitions. The company recognizes that changes in business relationships with major customers, suppliers, or distributors, as well as uncertainties surrounding the ultimate resolution of outstanding legal proceedings, could impact its performance. The company is committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility in response to external pressures and environmental perturbations, which are essential for sustaining organizational resilience.