We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions. We are currently in a prolonged economic expansion, which is not likely to continue forever, and at some point, economic conditions are likely to turn recessionary. Adverse economic conditions generally result in reduced business activity, which may decrease the demand for our products and services. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns. We are also susceptible to the risk that international economic conditions could affect our business and financial performance. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning, our ability to understand threats to us from a holistic perspective, and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. We regularly seek to test the effectiveness of and enhance these policies, procedures, and systems. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended. Such failures could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. The consequences of failures to operate our systems properly can include disruptions to our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, and other systems. Our ability to use our technology effectively could be impacted due to bad weather, disasters, terrorism, and the like affecting our systems specifically or necessary infrastructure more broadly. We have devoted significant resources towards improving the reliability of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. Even with our proactive and defensive measures in place, there remains the risk that one or more adverse events might occur. If one does occur, we might not be able to remediate the event or its consequences timely or adequately, particularly to the extent that it represents a novel or unusual threat. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction, guidance, and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. Our governance structure supports risk identification by facilitating assessment of key risk issues, emerging risks, and idiosyncratic risks and implementation of mitigation strategies as appropriate. Our operational risk management framework supports our effective and consistent management of operational risk. The primary purpose of the framework is to enable us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. We have established a company-wide, cross-functional governance structure to oversee overall strategy for implementation of credit loss methodologies. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals, and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We strive to expand and deepen customer relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures.