Our operating results and future rate of growth are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices and refining, marketing, and petrochemical margins, which are subject to numerous factors beyond our control. Uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which may impact or limit our current business plans and reduce demand for our products. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses, and failure to manage risks associated with these interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to risks associated with scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, and severe weather, which could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. Our manufacturing equipment is increasingly dependent on our information technology systems, and a disruption in these systems could interrupt or damage our operations. We maintain insurance coverage against many potential liabilities arising from operating hazards, but uninsured liabilities could reduce the funds available for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk, as we share control with our joint venture participants, who may have interests inconsistent with ours. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs due to reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products. A prolonged disruption could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we face competitive pressures from companies with greater financial resources, which may have a competitive advantage in the refining and marketing industry. We also utilize commodity derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to various types of risk, but if these instruments are not effective, we may incur losses. Our operations are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, which continue to increase in complexity and could materially affect our operations. The potential physical effects of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain and depend upon unique geographic and environmental factors. We are working to continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations. Compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create greenhouse gas emission trading programs or carbon taxes could significantly increase our costs and reduce demand for fossil energy-derived products. We consider anticipated future greenhouse gas emissions in designing and developing major facilities and projects, implementing energy efficiency initiatives to reduce emissions.