Our business can be highly cyclical and subject to seasonal and other variations that can result in significant differences in operating results from quarter to quarter. Negative economic and market conditions, including low oil and natural gas prices, may adversely impact our customers' future spending as well as payment for our services and, as a result, our operations and growth. Stagnant or declining economic conditions can adversely impact the demand for our services and result in the delay, reduction, or cancellation of certain projects. A variety of issues outside of our control could affect the timing of and our performance on projects, which may result in additional costs to us, reductions or delays in revenues, or the payment of liquidated damages. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for, or completion of projects, and the cancellations of projects could result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Many projects involve challenging engineering, permitting, procurement, and construction phases that may occur over extended time periods. We may also encounter difficulties as a result of delays in design, engineering information, or materials to be completed or procured by us, the customer, or a third party; delays or difficulties in equipment and material delivery; schedule changes; and delays due to our or our customers' failure to timely obtain permits or rights of way or meet other regulatory requirements or permitting conditions. Furthermore, regulatory requirements for a project may change during the course of our work, which can result in the suspension of work as permits are reissued or updated. Our ability to maintain productivity and profitability is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. We may not be able to maintain an adequately skilled labor force necessary to operate efficiently and to support our growth strategy. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues or profitability. The uncertainty of contract award timing and project delays can also present difficulties in managing our workforce size. Inability to efficiently manage our workforce may require us to incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancies that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among other factors, our ability to expand the range of services we offer to customers to address their evolving infrastructure needs, attract new customers, and increase the number of projects performed for existing customers. Our ability to successfully generate internal growth may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our customers may cancel, delay, or reduce the number or size of projects available to us for a variety of reasons, including capital constraints or inability to meet regulatory requirements. Our business is subject to operational hazards, and we may not be insured against all potential liabilities. These hazards include electricity, fires, explosions, leaks, collisions, mechanical failures, offshore operation risks, and damage from severe weather conditions. Our operations could expose us to or result in liabilities, and because our services in certain instances may be integral to the operation and performance of our customers' infrastructure, such liabilities could arise even if our operations are not the cause of the harm.