The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also negatively impact our business and results of operations and require significant management time and attention. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products and/or those of our customers and/or licensees. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new business and/or customers. Competition in wireless communications is affected by various factors that include, among others, device manufacturer concentrations; vertical integration; growth in demand, consumption and competition in certain geographic regions; government intervention and/or support of national industries and/or competitors; evolving industry standards and business models; and increasing data traffic and densification of wireless networks. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products into the most popular device models and across a broad spectrum of devices. We expect our business, particularly our QCT segment, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes, and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. Our growth increasingly depends on our ability to extend our technologies, products, and services into new and expanded product areas, such as RFFE, and adjacent industry segments and/or applications outside of traditional cellular industries. We are also subject to many environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we operate our manufacturing facilities. If tsunamis, flooding, earthquakes, or other natural disasters were to damage, destroy, or disrupt our manufacturing facilities, it could disrupt our operations, delay new production and shipments of inventory, or result in costly repairs, replacements, or other costs. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers, and in some cases, we rely on a limited number of suppliers. Accordingly, there may be cases where supplies of raw materials and other products are interrupted by disaster, accident, or some other event at a supplier. Our ability to meet customer demand due to sole- or limited-sourcing and/or the additional costs that we incur because of these or other supply constraints could negatively impact our business, our results of operations, and/or cash flows. We expect the ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions will encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multi-mode to consumers. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chips and our converged computing/communications chipsets, which incorporate technologies that contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We believe it is important that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and licensing of 5G technologies to sustain and grow our business long term.