Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. Our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have important effects on our operations and business strategy. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, tariffs, and import or export requirements. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, or integrate acquisitions successfully. Difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process, and store electronic information. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology systems could significantly impair our ability to perform necessary business functions. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption could result in a deterioration of our ability to perform necessary business functions. Our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of business with our large customers. We face intense competition from numerous competitors, and if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations, which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. Recent significant changes to our executive leadership team and any future loss of members of such team could harm our operating results. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities to expand into new markets and enhance our position in existing markets. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, which will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. We must conform our operations and properties to environmental laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change. The occurrence of any adverse changes in our business environment could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.