Our global growth may be affected by global economic, capital market and political conditions, which can impact our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Economic conditions affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, including tightening of credit in financial markets that could adversely affect the ability of our customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations. A slowdown in building and remodeling activity can adversely affect the financial performance of our businesses. Our financial performance is dependent on the conditions of the construction and aerospace industries, which are influenced by a number of external factors including fluctuations in construction activity, regulatory changes, and global credit market conditions. Additionally, our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, trade policies, and changes in local government regulation. Our reliance on suppliers exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of raw materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers. We may not complete the separation transactions or complete them within the time frame we anticipate, which could have an adverse effect on us and/or the independent businesses resulting from the separation. The success of future acquisitions and divestitures will depend on the satisfaction of conditions precedent to, and consummation of, the pending transactions. We may encounter difficulties integrating acquired businesses with our current operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our debt levels and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions. Cybersecurity and data privacy and protection laws and regulations present increasing compliance challenges, which may affect our competitiveness and expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. Our business may be impacted by disruptions to our information technology infrastructure, which could result from cyber-attacks or other acts of nature. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities. However, the unpredictability of cyber-attacks means that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We may be subject to litigation, environmental, product safety and other legal and compliance risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses and limit our ability to enforce our rights. Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risk that could adversely affect our results. We may be unable to realize expected benefits from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts, which may disrupt our operations and business. Risks associated with these actions include unfavorable political responses, unforeseen delays, additional unexpected costs, and adverse effects on employee morale. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products and other business disruptions. We depend on our intellectual property, and infringement or failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our future growth and success. Our competitive position may be adversely impacted by limitations on our ability to obtain possession of, and ownership or necessary licenses concerning, data important to the development or provision of our products or service offerings.