The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products and impair the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, and expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and a continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable. We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit, and tight credit markets may adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, and we cannot guarantee our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations. Our historical financial results have been subject to fluctuations, and our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, and our potential liability may result in costs that are significantly higher than currently accrued. We continuously assess our potential liability for investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. Adverse weather conditions and natural disasters may temporarily reduce the demand for some of our products and could have a negative effect on our sales, earnings or cash flow. Our business is seasonal in nature, and adverse weather conditions have had an adverse effect on our sales of paint, coatings and related products. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and compromise our information. We rely heavily on computer systems to manage and operate our business, and disruptions may adversely affect our business. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, and compliance risks will continue to exist. Our inability to protect or enforce our material trademarks and other intellectual property rights could have an adverse effect on our business. The nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. We expect additional lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation may be filed against us in the future, and management cannot reasonably determine the scope or amount of the potential costs and liabilities related to such litigation. The risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by a variety of domestic and international factors, including general economic conditions, political instability, inflation rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. The success of future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions.