The following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for understanding our forward-looking statements. Demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers. A substantial or an extended decline in oil and gas prices could result in lower expenditures by our customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Demand for our products and services depends substantially on expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas reserves. These expenditures are generally dependent on our customers' views of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas. Declines, as well as anticipated declines, in oil and gas prices could result in project modifications, delays or cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. The oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand for our products and services as well as downward pressure on the prices we charge. Sustained market uncertainty can also result in lower demand and pricing for our products and services. A significant downturn or sustained market uncertainty could result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our non-United States operations accounted for approximately 69% of our consolidated revenue in 2018, exposing us to risks inherent in doing business in each of the over 85 countries in which we operate. Operations in countries other than the United States are subject to various risks, including volatility in political, social, and economic conditions, exposure to expropriation of our assets or other governmental actions, social unrest, acts of terrorism, war or other armed conflict, and trade and economic sanctions or other restrictions imposed by various countries. Our failure to comply with complex US and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors, or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations. Any determination that we have violated or are responsible for violations of laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Demand for our products and services could be reduced by existing and future legislation or regulations. Environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies have been focusing considerable attention on emissions and their potential role in climate change. Existing or future legislation and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change may significantly curtail demand for fossil fuels and thus adversely affect our financial condition. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety, and environmental risks. Catastrophic incidents may expose us to additional liabilities. We rely on contractual indemnities and insurance to protect us from potential liability related to such events. However, our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events or against losses resulting from business interruption. Our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain, or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. Failure to obtain and retain skilled technical personnel could impede our operations. Severe weather may adversely affect our operations, potentially resulting in the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. Cyberattacks could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operation, resulting in disruptions to our business operations and unauthorized access to critical data.