When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. These risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. Our ability to pay dividends and to meet our debt and other obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from our subsidiaries and joint ventures and other entities in which we have invested. The inability to access capital from our subsidiaries and entities accounted for as equity method investments as well from the capital markets could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and financial condition. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, explosions or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. The facilities and infrastructure that we own or in which we have interests may be subject to such incidents, which could result in severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. The current California regulatory environment and the doctrine of inverse condemnation impose strict liability on a utility whose equipment is determined to be a cause of a fire. The ratings actions by credit rating agencies reflect the increased risk of wildfires in California and the current regulatory environment. Our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt. Limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects. Our operations are subject to complex government regulations and tax requirements and may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or requirements or in their interpretation or implementation. We are committed to maintaining our credit ratings at investment grade. To maintain these credit ratings, we may consider it appropriate to reduce the amount of our outstanding indebtedness. We regularly review our portfolio of assets with a view toward allocating capital to those businesses that we believe can further improve shareholder value. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of Oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. If Oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all. Our operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. The performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the California legislature and the changing energy marketplace. The California utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us. The CPUC regulates the California utilities' rates, conditions of service, sales of securities, rates of return, capital structure, rates of depreciation, and long-term resource procurement. The CPUC conducts various reviews and audits of utility operations, safety standards and practices, compliance with CPUC regulations and standards, affiliate relationships and other matters. The occurrence of any significant adverse events could affect demand for electricity or natural gas, cause unplanned outages, damage the California utilities' assets and/or operations, and cause personal injury or death. The California utilities could incur costs to purchase replacement power, to repair assets and restore service, and to compensate third parties. Any such events could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.