The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. We must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. If we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue. Our growth depends in part on the growth of the markets which we serve. Any decline or lower than expected growth in our served markets could diminish demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. To address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets, allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects, developing new applications for our technologies, expanding our service offerings, and continuing key customer initiatives. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in Europe, the U.S., or other key markets, are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. Significant developments stemming from the U.S. administration or the U.K.'s referendum on membership in the EU could have an adverse effect on us. Our business could be affected during this period of uncertainty by the impact of the United Kingdom's referendum. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, hurricanes, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. Our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. If we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to various local, state, federal, foreign, and transnational laws and regulations, which include the operating and security standards of the U.S. Federal Drug Administration (FDA), the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), and various state boards of pharmacy. Failure by us or by our customers to comply with the requirements of these regulatory authorities could result in warning letters, product recalls, or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacture and distribution, restrictions on our operations, civil or criminal sanctions, or withdrawal of existing or denial of pending approvals. We are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation, and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the U.S. and abroad. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to successfully implement our strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.