Our business, financial condition and results are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. General economic conditions, both in the U.S. and internationally, may adversely affect our results of operations. We conduct operations in over 220 countries and territories, and our U.S. and international operations are subject to normal cycles affecting the economy in general, as well as the local economic environments in which we operate. The factors that create cyclical changes to the economy and to our business are beyond our control, and it may be difficult for us to adjust our business model to mitigate the impact of these factors. Our business is affected by levels of industrial production, consumer spending and retail activity, and adverse developments in these aspects of the economy could materially affect our financial position and results of operations. We face significant competition on a local, regional, national and international basis, which could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally, which could increase our operating costs. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, as well as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through our indexed fuel surcharges and may also enter into hedging transactions from time to time. Changes in exchange rates or interest rates may have a material adverse effect on our results. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. A significant data breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business, financial results, or reputation, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. We rely heavily on information technology networks and systems to manage or support a wide variety of important business processes and activities throughout our operations. Severe weather conditions and other natural or manmade disasters may result in decreased revenues or increased costs to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. Our regular review of the carrying value of our assets has resulted in significant impairments, and we may in the future be required to recognize additional impairment charges. Employee health and retiree health and pension benefit costs represent a significant expense to us; further cost increases could materially and adversely affect us. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy, as well as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, and interruptions in supplies of these commodities. We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex and sophisticated global cyber threats. The extent to which other countries implement climate change agreements could have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation in the U.S. and internationally, which could increase our operating costs.