The reports, filings, and other public announcements of Williams may contain or incorporate by reference statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. These forward-looking statements relate to anticipated financial performance, management's plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, and other matters. Our ability to maintain and expand our natural gas transportation and midstream businesses depends on the level of drilling and production by third parties in our supply basins. A failure to obtain access to sufficient natural gas supplies will adversely impact our ability to maximize the capacities of our gathering, transportation, and processing facilities. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, including aging infrastructure and mechanical problems, which could result in significant damage or injury to people, property, or the environment. We have experienced opposition to the operation and expansion of our pipelines and facilities from various individuals and groups, which can take many forms, including the delay or denial of required governmental permits. Our growth strategy includes acquisition opportunities and significant capital projects, but we may not always have sufficient and accurate information to identify and value potential opportunities and risks. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses and realize anticipated benefits in a timely manner. Our ability to effectively execute our financing plan and manage our growth may be affected by various factors, including the availability of supplies, market demand, and volatility of prices. We face risks related to financing, including restrictions stemming from debt agreements and future changes in credit ratings. Our exposure to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties may result in significant economic stress, including potential bankruptcy. We may not be able to replace, extend, or add additional customer contracts or contracted volumes on favorable terms, which could adversely affect our financial condition and growth plans. Our business could be negatively impacted by acts of terrorism and related disruptions, which could create significant price volatility and disrupt our ability to produce, process, transport, or distribute natural gas. We rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and breaches could result in damage to or destruction of our assets and reputational damage. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, tribal, and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. We are monitoring various environmental activities and may incur costs related to cleanup and remediation. Our business plan includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses and executing growth projects, while maintaining a strong commitment to safety, environmental stewardship, operational excellence, and customer satisfaction. We expect to benefit from continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. The ongoing strategy of our midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven by continued expansion in the northeast region and transco expansion projects.