ExxonMobil's financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses, which include factors that could adversely affect the company's performance under challenging conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals is closely linked with economic activities, and recessions or periods of low economic growth typically have a direct adverse impact on results. The company must continuously improve its ability to identify promising resource prospects and apply project management expertise to bring discovered resources online as scheduled and within budget. The long-term success of ExxonMobil's upstream, downstream, and chemical businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Effective management of individual projects and the overall portfolio, including diversification among types and locations of projects, is essential for mitigating risk and providing attractive returns to shareholders. Operational efficiency, including managing expenses and improving production yields, is critical for competitive performance. The company emphasizes the importance of adapting to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. ExxonMobil's management systems and continuous focus on workplace safety and environmental risk management are designed to minimize inherent risks and human error. The company is regularly subject to cybersecurity disruptions, and its defensive preparedness includes multi-layered technological capabilities and non-technological measures such as threat information sharing and internal training. Preparedness for severe weather events, natural disasters, and human error is crucial; facilities are designed to withstand extreme climatic conditions, and effective disaster preparedness and response planning are integral to mitigating adverse impacts. The ability to insure against many risks is limited by the capacity of applicable insurance markets. The competitive landscape includes not only private firms but also state-owned companies that may pursue opportunities with less focus on financial returns. ExxonMobil's reputation is a significant corporate asset, and adverse events could negatively impact its ability to compete for new opportunities or obtain necessary regulatory approvals. The company's future results depend on its ability to adapt and apply the strengths of its current business model to provide energy products in a cost-competitive manner, and the success of research efforts is vital for maintaining a competitive position.