In addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, any of the factors described could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. Our results of operations are dependent upon the success of our top products. If any of our top products experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, manufacturing disruptions, regulatory proceedings, labeling changes, negative publicity, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted. We face competition from products produced by other companies, including generic alternatives to our products. The extent of protection afforded by our patents varies from country to country and is limited by the scope of the claimed subject matter of our patents, the term of the patent, and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies in the applicable country. As a result, we may face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to many of our products. Our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions. Macroeconomic, business, and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies, and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. We may not successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form and manage alliances, or divest businesses. We pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances, or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all. We may be subject to regulatory constraints or limitations or other unforeseen factors that prevent us from realizing the expected benefits. Even if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. Our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products, or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty. We depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians, and end-users. Adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources could negatively affect the sale and production of our products. The animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in particular regions are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests. Our exposure to credit and collectability risk is higher in certain international markets, and our ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. We may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security, or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.