Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery and monetization. These comprehensive solutions enable marketers to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our success in driving growth in annual recurring revenue has positively affected our revenue growth. The increase in subscription revenue was driven by strong performance with our Adobe Marketing Cloud offerings, which include Adobe Experience Manager and Adobe Campaign, and our Adobe Analytics Cloud offerings, which includes Audience Manager. We expect that the amount of unbilled deferred revenue backlog will change from period to period due to certain factors, including the timing and duration of large customer subscriptions, SaaS and managed service agreements, varying billing cycles of these agreements, the timing of customer renewals, the timing of when unbilled deferred revenue backlog is to be billed, changes in customer financial circumstances and foreign currency fluctuations. Our digital media segment provides tools and solutions that enable individuals, small and medium businesses and enterprises to create, publish, promote and monetize their digital content anywhere. Our customers include traditional content creators, web application developers and digital media professionals, as well as their management in marketing departments and agencies, companies and publishers. Our customers also include knowledge workers who create, collaborate and distribute documents. We are a market leader with Creative Cloud, our subscription-based offering for creating and publishing content and applications. Creative Cloud delivers value through frequent product updates, storage and access to user files stored in the cloud with syncing of files across users' machines, access to marketplace, social and community-based features with our Adobe Stock and Behance services, app creation capabilities and affordable pricing for cost-sensitive customers. We continue to migrate more customers to our Document Cloud, along with increases in Adobe Sign revenue. The increase in revenue associated with our Creative offerings was primarily due to the increase in subscription revenue associated with our Creative Cloud offerings driven by increases in individual, team and enterprise subscriptions.