We are a global market leader in the design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with intense pressures on pricing and other competitive factors. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our cost-reduction efforts, which enhances our ability to compete. The industry remains vulnerable to exogenous developments including fuel price spikes, credit market shocks, acts of terrorism, natural disasters, conflicts, epidemics, and increased global environmental regulations. Our BDS business includes a variety of development programs which have complex design and technical challenges. Many of these programs have cost-type contracting arrangements, where the associated financial risks are primarily in reduced fees, lower profit rates, or program cancellation if cost, schedule, or technical performance issues arise. The non-U.S. market continues to be driven by complex and evolving security challenges and the need to modernize aging equipment and inventories. We expect to continue having a wide range of opportunities across Asia, Europe, and the Middle East given the diverse regional threats. Our strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, maintenance, engineering, upgrades, training, and professional services. As the size of the worldwide commercial airline fleet continues to grow, so does demand for aftermarket services designed to increase efficiency and extend the economic lives of airplanes. Airlines continue to look for opportunities to reduce the size and cost of their spare parts inventory, frequently outsourcing spares management to third parties. Our total backlog reflects orders for products and services where no contingencies remain before we and the customer are required to perform. We address customer claims and requests for other contractual relief as they arise. However, once orders are included in firm backlog, orders remain in backlog until canceled or fulfilled. The technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise within the next year.