We continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization as interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. As we continue to look for new ways to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in R&D and our capital expenditures will continue to fluctuate. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets, and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. We expect general and administrative expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in future periods. Our future effective tax rate will be affected by the tax act. Our provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in future periods based on a number of factors, including the continued underlying shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying. The increase in the aggregate TAC rate was also partially offset by a favorable revenue mix shift from Google network members' properties to Google properties. The increase in the Google properties TAC rate was driven by changes in partner agreements and the ongoing shift to mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points.