We intend for this discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, and the primary factors that accounted for those changes, as well as how certain accounting principles affect our financial statements. During the year, we focused on investing in capabilities to support the DIY, DIFM, and pro customers' needs and expanding our home improvement reach. We made further progress on advancing our customer service capabilities through our omni-channel assets, empowering customers across the most relevant moments of their project journey. We leveraged our investments in lowes.com to provide an upgraded online shopping experience and advanced our online platform by making it easier for customers to engage with our in-home project specialists and request services online. Our project specialists represent a critical element of our omni-channel offering and a differentiated capability in capturing project demand for the DIFM customer. We also continued to build upon our strong foundation with the pro customer by focusing on our breadth and depth of inventory, portfolio of brands, and enhancing digital focus on lowesforpros.com. The acquisition of Maintenance Supply Headquarters during 2017, in addition to the Central Wholesalers, Inc. acquisition in the prior year, will provide an opportunity to improve and expand our ability to serve the multi-family housing industry. We also continued to make progress on the integration of Rona, including the roll-out of appliances to approximately 100 locations as well as further optimizing our shared supplier relationships and procurement efforts. While we are pleased with the strategic milestones we achieved this year, we are actively working to improve conversion, gross margin, and inventory management to ensure greater success in the future. We will be taking the necessary actions to transform our supply chain, better empower our associates through training programs and the re-engineering of key processes such as pick up in store and centralized project quoting, and continue to deliver compelling product experiences. We are focusing on leveraging analytics to know the customer and their homes better, understanding their plans and designing better solutions to help them navigate their project journey. We are improving how we engage, connecting with customers and associates through relevant tools and personalized messages through our enhanced marketing management platform. We will better empower our associates by deploying more user-friendly interfaces allowing our associates to better serve customers. We are expanding our fulfillment options to better serve customers' needs and expectations including investing in a new direct fulfillment center which will allow for the expansion of our online product offering and faster parcel shipping, investing in delivery capacity to meet increased demand, and advancing our pick up in store experience to allow customers and our installation service providers to pick up products quickly. Through these strategic areas, we are focusing our resources on what is most relevant to the customer, building the capabilities required to deliver simple and seamless omni-channel experiences for DIY, DIFM, and pro customers and engaging them in the moments that matter most. Cash flows from operations, supplemented with our short-term and long-term borrowings, have been sufficient to fund our operations while allowing us to make strategic investments that will grow our business, and to return excess cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We believe that our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to fund our operations and investments to grow our business, pay dividends, and fund our share repurchases over the next 12 months.