We provide our cloud and on-premise offerings to businesses of many sizes, government agencies, educational institutions, and resellers with a sales force positioned to offer the combinations that best suit customer needs. Our comprehensive and fully integrated stack of Oracle Cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings integrate the software, hardware, and services on the customers' behalf in IT environments that we deploy, support, and manage for the customer. Our integrated Oracle Cloud offerings are designed to be rapidly deployable to enable customers shorter time to innovation; easily maintainable to reduce integration and testing work; connectable among differing deployment models to enable interchangeability and extendibility between cloud and on-premise IT environments; compatible to easily move workloads between on-premise IT environments and the Oracle Cloud; cost-effective by requiring lower upfront customer investment; and secure, standards-based, and reliable. We believe that offering customers broad, comprehensive, flexible, and interoperable deployment models for our applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies is important to our growth strategy and better addresses customer needs relative to our competitors. We enable customers to evolve and transform to substantially any IT deployment model at whatever pace is most appropriate for them. Our chief operating decision makers view the operating results of our three businesses and allocate resources in a manner that is consistent with the changing market dynamics that we have experienced in recent periods. The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations presented below provides the current view that is utilized by our chief operating decision makers to evaluate performance and determine resource allocations. Our cloud and on-premise software line of business markets, sells, and delivers a broad spectrum of applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies through our cloud and on-premise software offerings. Our cloud SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS offerings deliver applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies via cloud-based deployment models that we host, manage, and support and that customers access by entering into a subscription agreement with us for a stated period. We strive to renew these contracts when they are eligible for renewal. We expect these trends will continue with the mix of revenues continuing to shift toward cloud-based services for this business. Our cloud and on-premise software business segment margin has historically trended upward over the course of the four quarters within a particular fiscal year due to the historical upward trend of our new software licenses revenues over those quarterly periods and because the majority of our costs for this business are generally fixed in the short term. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications, platform, and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, and broad sets of intellectual property and best practices. Our services offerings include consulting services, advanced support services, and education services. We expect to continue to acquire companies, products, services, and technologies to further our corporate strategy. We believe that we can fund our future acquisitions with our internally available cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, additional borrowings, or from the issuance of additional securities. We assess whether fees are fixed or determinable at the time of sale and recognize revenues if all other revenue recognition requirements are met. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.