Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including macroeconomic and political volatility and the continued rebalancing of the economic world; shifting consumer preferences and increasing demand for more nutritious foods and beverages; the disruption of retail; the expansion of hard discounters; and the emergence of niche brands laying claim to large consumer segments, particularly in developed markets. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We intend to focus on utilizing the strength of our distribution system to offer consumers a wide array of choices, from "fun-for-you" to "better-for-you" to "good-for-you" products to meet consumers' demand for more nutritious foods and beverages. We are committed to minimizing our environmental footprint to streamline costs and mitigate our operational impact on the communities in which we operate. We continue to invest in our associates so that we have the best talent to position our company for continued growth. We are subject to risks in the normal course of business. Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold operated in a challenging environment, experiencing unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, and currency fluctuations. The hurricanes and earthquakes which occurred in the third and fourth quarters of 2017 in North and Central America did not materially impact our consolidated financial results in 2017. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes or limitations. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations. The Pepsico Risk Committee meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. We continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce capabilities, distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks and that those risks may evolve over time. We have maintained strong governance policies and practices for many years. Our system of internal control is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded; that assets are safeguarded; and that accounting records are sufficiently reliable to permit the preparation of financial statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. We continuously review our business results and strategies, encompassing financial discipline in our strategic and daily business decisions. We have a compliance & ethics department, led by our chief compliance & ethics officer, who coordinates our compliance policies and practices. We realize that great companies are built on trust, strong ethical standards and principles. Our financial results are delivered from that culture of accountability, and we take responsibility for the quality and accuracy of our financial reporting.