Abbott may pursue acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of or spin-off some of its businesses, as part of its business strategy. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. A significant attack or other disruption could result in adverse consequences, including increased costs and expenses, problems with product functionality, damage to customer relations, lost revenue, and legal or regulatory penalties. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business. Both in the U.S. and internationally, government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, make legislative or administrative reforms to existing reimbursement programs, make adverse decisions relating to Abbott's products' coverage or reimbursement, or make changes to patient access to health care, all of which could adversely impact the demand for and usage of Abbott's products or the prices that Abbott's customers are willing to pay for them. Abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions for non-compliance could include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of Abbott's products, and criminal prosecution. These actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications to Abbott's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of Abbott's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more facilities while Abbott or Abbott's suppliers remedy the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing authorizations; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events could disrupt Abbott's business and have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues, profitability, and financial condition. Abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products. Competitors' products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than Abbott's products. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer. If Abbott or one of its suppliers experiences significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Abbott's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring business continuity.