Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include our ability to develop, market, and offer new products and services or enhancements to existing products and services that meet customer requirements. The process of developing new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Additionally, any delay in the development, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue, earnings, or stock price and weakening our competitive position. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and better integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods, and other technological developments. If we are unable to successfully manage transitions to new business models and markets, our results of operations could suffer. We often release new offerings and employ new product and service delivery methods in connection with our diversification into new business models and markets. It is uncertain whether these strategies will prove successful or whether we will be able to develop the necessary infrastructure and business models more quickly than our competitors. Market acceptance of new product and service offerings will be dependent in part on our ability to include functionality and usability that satisfy customer requirements and optimally price our products and services in light of marketplace conditions, our costs, and customer demand. Uncertainty about current and future economic conditions and other adverse changes in political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. As our business has grown, we have become increasingly subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in economic and political conditions, both domestically and globally. Our corporate culture, which we have built to foster innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction, is a critical contributor to our success. If we are unable to continue to successfully attract and retain key personnel, our business may be harmed. We also rely heavily on third-party customer service and technical support representatives working on our behalf, and we expect to continue to rely heavily on third parties in the future. This strategy presents risks to our business due to the fact that we may not be able to influence the quality of support as directly as we would be able to do if our own employees performed these activities. Our customers may react negatively to providing information to, and receiving support from, third-party organizations. If we encounter problems with our third-party customer service and technical support providers, our reputation may be harmed, and we could lose customers and associated revenue. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our systems or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development, breaches of data security, and loss of critical data. Any of these events could prevent us from fulfilling our customers' orders or could negatively impact a country or region in which we sell our products, which could, in turn, decrease that country's or region's demand for our products.