AEP's business plan calls for extensive investment in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, construction of additional transmission facilities, and modernizing existing infrastructure. AEP's experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. The ability to maintain relatively low cost, efficient, and reliable operations, to establish fair regulatory mechanisms, and to provide cost-effective programs and services to customers are significant determinants of AEP's competitiveness. AEP is exposed to nuclear generation risk, including the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health due to adverse incidents resulting from the operation of nuclear facilities. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions, as performance is highly dependent on the successful operation of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. Physical attacks or hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, and damage AEP's reputation. AEP has a comprehensive cybersecurity program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of data and systems. AEP's reliance on access to capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by operating cash flows exposes it to risks associated with market volatility and reduced liquidity. AEP's business is capital intensive, and it is dependent upon the ability to access capital at rates and on terms management determines to be attractive. AEP's financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies it serves, and climate change creates physical and financial risk, including increased energy use due to weather changes that may require AEP to invest in additional generating assets. Compliance with existing environmental laws is significant, as operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental statutes, rules, and regulations. AEP's ability to recover costs associated with environmental compliance is not assured, and failure to recover these costs could reduce future net income and cash flows. AEP's results of operations and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers, or decline in customer demand or number of customers. The loss of market-based rate authority could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. AEP's exposure to changes in the price and availability of coal and natural gas, as well as changes in regulatory policies, may increase costs and impact financial performance. AEP's power trading activities expose it to risks from price movements, and parties with whom AEP has contracts may fail to perform their obligations, which could harm AEP's results of operations. AEP's dependence on transmission facilities owned and operated by other nonaffiliated power companies exposes it to various risks, including inadequate transmission capacity that may prevent AEP from selling and delivering wholesale power. AEP's operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are critical for maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to external disturbances, ensuring organizational resilience in a complex and evolving business environment.