An overall economic downturn, as well as unstable economic conditions in the countries and regions in which we operate, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Such reductions could also adversely impact future commission revenues when the carriers perform exposure audits if they lead to subsequent downward premium adjustments. Our growing operations in countries and regions undergoing economic downturns expose us to risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Economic conditions that result in financial difficulties for insurance companies or reduced insurer capacity could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If those insurance companies experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. The failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our clients, and the failure of errors and omissions insurance carriers could make the errors and omissions insurance we rely upon cost prohibitive or unavailable, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may also be challenged by the growing desire of some clients to compensate brokers based upon flat fees rather than variable commission rates. We may not be able to continue such an acquisition strategy in the future and there are risks associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect our growth and results of operations. Our acquisition program has been an important part of our historical growth, particularly in our brokerage segment, and we believe that similar acquisition activity will be important to maintaining comparable growth in the future. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel. The insurance brokerage industry has experienced intense competition for the services of leading brokers, and in the past we have lost key brokers and groups of brokers, along with their client and business relationships, to competitors. Such departures could lead to the loss of clients and intellectual property. Our substantial operations outside the U.S. expose us to risks different than those we face in the U.S. Adverse geopolitical or economic conditions may temporarily or permanently disrupt our operations in these countries or create difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations. Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected, even in the short-term, by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located. We have disaster recovery procedures in place and insurance to protect against such contingencies. However, such procedures may not be effective, and any insurance or recovery procedures may not continue to be available at reasonable prices and may not address all such losses or compensate us for the possible loss of clients or increase in claims and lawsuits directed against us because of any period during which we are unable to provide services. Our ability to anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technology change is crucial. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective technologies or product offerings, we could experience a material adverse effect on our operating results, client relationships, growth, and compliance programs. The global nature of our operations increases the complexity and cost of compliance with laws and regulations, including increased staffing needs, the development of new policies, procedures, and internal controls, and providing training to employees in multiple locations, adding to our cost of doing business. Our future effective tax rates could be unfavorably affected by changes in tax rates, discriminatory or confiscatory taxation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, changes in tax laws or their interpretation, and the financial results of our international subsidiaries.