Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including market fluctuations and economic, political, and other factors that could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. These factors may impact our ability to achieve our strategic objectives and maintain operational flexibility. The financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by declines and volatility in U.S. and global market conditions, which have impacted our businesses in the past and may do so again. Our revenues are largely dependent upon the level and mix of assets we have under management and administration, which are subject to fluctuation based on market conditions and client activity. The profitability of our products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, and declines in equity markets will reduce our revenues because the value of the investment assets we manage will be reduced. Market downturns and volatility may cause potential new purchasers of our products to limit purchases or refrain from purchasing products, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We believe that investment performance is an important factor in the success of many of our businesses, and poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, as well as our prospects for growth. Our clients can reduce the aggregate amount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts for various reasons, including investment performance and changes in prevailing interest rates. A significant equity market decline could result in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current account values would support, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have hedged a portion of the guarantees for variable annuity contracts to mitigate financial loss, there can be no assurance that such a decline would not materially impact profitability. We face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent, and our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified individuals. The impairment or negative performance of other financial institutions could adversely affect us, as we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties. Disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit our access to capital required to operate our business, potentially impacting our ability to satisfy statutory capital requirements and generate fee income. We have developed and maintain a comprehensive business continuity plan that covers potential disruptions to centrally controlled systems and platforms, but inherent limitations in such plans might not operate as designed in an actual event or crisis. Our operational systems and networks are subject to evolving cybersecurity risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential client information, loss of proprietary information, damage to our reputation, and additional costs. We cannot assure that our systems and networks will not be subject to attacks, breaches, or interference, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, impacting our ability to perform and meet client needs. We continuously assess our exposure to various risks and uncertainties, including those that may arise from changes in regulatory requirements and market conditions, which could affect our operational resilience and ability to adapt to unexpected situations.