A significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Factors that may affect such demand include the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure and delays or changes in the deployment of next-generation wireless technologies. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed. Our business is subject to government and tax regulations, and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate as we currently do. We anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow, but our foreign operations are subject to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position. Our expansion initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficiently integrating operations, which may be difficult and unpredictable. If we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. Our leverage and debt service obligations could materially and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures and future growth initiatives. We may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, asset sales, or equity issuances, even if market conditions are not favorable. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. A failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants, and if any of these tenants is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations, our revenues and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We may also experience disputes with our tenants, which could lead to a termination of leases or a failure to obtain new business from existing tenants. The loss of significant tenants could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, and failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our towers, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events, which could impact our ability to provide services and lead to tenant loss. We rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities, and if our systems fail or are compromised, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or incur significant costs to remediate these issues. We expect to continue to deploy our capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site construction, and through acquisitions. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends on the demand for our communications sites and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.