Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our ordinary shares. The successful integration of the BRCM business will require significant management attention and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues. We depend on a small number of direct customers, OEMs, and certain distributors for a majority of our business, revenue, and results of operations. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major direct or end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model that principally utilizes third-party wafer foundry and module assembly and test capabilities. Our dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our results of operations. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities, or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also depend on our third-party contract manufacturers to timely develop new, advanced manufacturing processes. If these new processes are not timely developed or we do not have sufficient access to them, we may be unable to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency to the same extent as our competitors or deliver products to our customers. Our ability to accurately estimate future customer requirements includes the short-term nature of many customers' commitments, our customers' ability to reschedule, cancel, and modify orders with little or no notice, and the accuracy of our customers' forecasts. If we do not successfully manage these issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating an acquired business of the size and complexity of BRCM, then we may not achieve all of the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and our revenue, expenses, operating results, financial condition, and the value of our ordinary shares could be materially adversely affected. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors' product inventories and product sell-through. If our distributors are unable to sell an adequate amount of their inventory of our products in a given quarter or if they decide to decrease their inventories for any reason, our sales to these distributors and our revenue may decline. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations, which may occur due to our ability to successfully and timely integrate and realize the benefits of acquisitions, the timing of launches by our customers, changes in our product mix or customer mix, customer concentration, and fluctuations in the levels of component inventories held by our customers. Our business is dependent on us winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," to develop semiconductors for use in our customers' products. These selection processes are typically lengthy and can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources in pursuit of a single customer opportunity. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We are subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. If we fail to maintain compliance with applicable regulations, we may be forced to cease the manufacture and distribution of certain products, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.