Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. A prolonged period of slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and other energy costs, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation, and deflation all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. An economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, lower demand for credit, lower corporate earnings, or lower business investment is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, such factors may cause our earnings, credit metrics, and margins to fluctuate and diverge from expectations of analysts and investors. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry, which is highly competitive. We compete with charge, credit, and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, paper-based transactions, bank transfer models, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment and financing providers. We believe Visa and Mastercard are larger than we are in most countries, which may affect our ability to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. Our business model is focused on card member spending, and discount revenue, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services on our network, is primarily driven by billed business volumes. We may not be able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers, or effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be negatively impacted. We rely on third-party providers of various computer systems, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. We are subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health pandemics, and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. Our business is sensitive to safety concerns related to travel and tourism, limitations on travel and mobility, and health-related risks. Disruptions in air travel and other forms of travel can result in the payment of claims under travel interruption insurance policies that we offer. We may not be able to effectively manage the operational and compliance risks to which we are exposed. Operational risk includes the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error, or the external environment. Our liquidity risk policy sets out our objectives and approach to managing liquidity risk, which includes maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity. We seek to maintain liquidity sources sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and business requirements for liquidity for at least twelve months, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.