Any of the factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our operations or financial condition. We depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows, and earnings. We have historically derived a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products and while we are not as heavily dependent on one or two products as in past years, our dependence on the profitability of certain products is likely to continue. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including due to efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, and the failure to maintain a consistent scope and variety of promising late-stage products. The inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. We face intense competition from other manufacturers, including for both innovative medicines and lower-priced generic products. If we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings. We could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected, which could result in substantial and rapid declines in a product's revenues. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. We may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline, through internal R&D programs or transactions with third parties, to support future revenue growth. Our commercial model continues to evolve and our marketed product portfolio is growing in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. We continue to drive growth of key brands and execute product launches while maintaining a culture of continuous improvement. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. We continue to monitor the potential impact of economic conditions in certain European and other countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts, and creditworthiness of our customers. We believe these economic conditions will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow, or financial flexibility. Our long-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have a low default risk but are somewhat susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions. The results of our operations could be negatively impacted by any member country exiting the eurozone monetary union or EU. We continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop new treatment options.