Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. We face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business. We continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, and economic pressures experienced by our customers. These factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete. Continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition and exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. Our ability to manage our debt levels and maintain investment-grade credit ratings is crucial, as any disruption in our cash flows could adversely affect our financial condition. We have undertaken restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. These initiatives are intended to develop global commercialization, technology, and manufacturing capabilities in key growth markets, build on our plant network optimization strategy, and expand operational efficiencies. However, such measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, and reduced employee productivity. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects. Our restructuring plan is expected to result in significant pre-tax charges and reduce gross annual expenses by a substantial amount. We cannot guarantee that the activities under this plan will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Our products are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products. The global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost, and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals for our products. We rely on information technology systems to operate our business, and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our operations are subject to various legal and regulatory proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.