As a large company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. The future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives, including driving growth in targeted geographies and product lines, improving our strategic and financial flexibility, and pursuing additional opportunities in high-growth markets. Successfully executing on these initiatives depends on our ability to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors, develop and introduce new products or programs, and manage our medical and administrative costs effectively. The current competitive, economic, and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. We face price competition and other pressures that could result in premiums that are insufficient to cover the cost of the health care services delivered to our customers. Our ability to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with health care providers is crucial, as our results of operations are substantially dependent on our ability to contract for these services at competitive prices. The formation and success of collaborative arrangements with physician groups and hospital arrangements are key to our strategic focus to transition to a value-based health care system. Our ability to anticipate these risks and manage these challenges is essential for maintaining our operational flexibility and organizational health. We must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers. Our business is increasingly exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations, including political, legal, operational, regulatory, and economic risks. The global nature of our business may present challenges, including varying regional business conditions and demands, and the need to manage more geographically diverse operations. Our ability to manage these risks and maintain effective internal controls is critical to our organizational resilience. We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, and our operations may be adversely affected if these third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us. Our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and any disruption could adversely impact our results of operations. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services at a competitive cost.