In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, we face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, but it also means that we are subject to the full range of risks associated with significant international operations. In an effort to minimize the impact on earnings of foreign currency rate movements, we engage in a combination of selling price increases, sourcing strategies, cost-containment measures, and selective hedging of foreign currency transactions. However, these measures may not succeed in offsetting any negative impact of foreign currency rate movements on our business and results of operations. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property. We may be unable to anticipate the timing and scale of initiatives or challenges by competitors or to successfully respond to them, which could harm our business. A failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Our business is subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and abroad, and new or more stringent legal or regulatory requirements could adversely impact our business. We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our reputation. We are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and some of these retailers may have greater bargaining strength than we do. The loss of a key customer or a significant reduction in sales to a key customer could adversely affect our business. Our growth depends on the successful identification, development, and launch of innovative new products. The identification, development, and introduction of innovative new products involve considerable costs, and any new product may not generate sufficient customer interest and sales to become profitable. The failure to develop and launch successful new products could hinder the growth of our business. We may not realize the benefits we expect from our restructuring program, which presents significant organizational challenges. Events and circumstances such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays, and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the anticipated benefits. Our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected if we are unable to realize the anticipated savings from our funding-the-growth initiatives. Maintaining our strong reputation with consumers and trade partners globally is critical to selling our branded products. Adverse publicity about us or our brands regarding health concerns or other sustainability issues could jeopardize our reputation. We are engaged in manufacturing and sourcing of products on a global scale, and our operations could be disrupted by environmental events, strikes, disruptions in logistics, or loss of key suppliers. Significant disruption of manufacturing or sourcing of products could interrupt product supply and adversely impact our business. We rely extensively on information technology systems, and any breach or failure of these systems could adversely impact our business or reputation. Uncertain global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, leading to declining revenues and profitability. Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees, and if we are unable to do so, our business could be adversely affected. We may pursue acquisitions and divestitures, which could adversely impact our results. The 2012 restructuring program aims to enhance our global leadership positions and ensure sustained growth, but its successful implementation presents challenges.