Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services. The ability of all of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. The success of any of these ongoing or future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations. Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services. We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our cable communications segment's largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. We may incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. Weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. We believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, investing in business opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. Our contractual obligations do not include our commitment to invest up to $4 billion at any one time as an investor in Atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. We are developing a universal theme park in Beijing, China, and we expect to continue to develop this park throughout the upcoming year. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses.