Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. Compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify, especially in light of the implementation of Dodd-Frank and other reforms of the financial services industry. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. Our clearing houses seek to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional costs to comply with the extensive regulations that apply to our business. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk than other public companies for a cyber-attack and other cybersecurity risks. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume, and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers. We cannot assure you that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. If any of our systems do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. We may be required to take an impairment charge in our financial statements relating to our acquisitions and/or investments, which could negatively affect our stock price. We may not be successful in identifying opportunities or in integrating the acquired businesses. Any such transaction may not produce the results we anticipate, which could adversely affect our business and our stock price. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. We may not realize the anticipated growth and other benefits from our growth initiatives and investments, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. The ultimate impact of Brexit on the relevant law and scope of regulation applicable to our U.K. operations and to our European expansion is unclear and is contingent upon the terms of withdrawal and the ongoing relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union. Our compliance and risk management programs might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results.