The healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs and government spending, which may cause healthcare industry participants to reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. Our operations are impacted by prices set by manufacturers and the profitability of future generic pharmaceutical launches, and our results of operations could be adversely affected if the frequency or rate of branded and generic pharmaceutical price increases slows. Competition and industry consolidation may erode our profit, and if we do not compete successfully, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The impact on us will be greater if consolidation among our customers, suppliers, and competitors gives the resulting enterprises greater bargaining power, which may lead to greater pressure to reduce prices for our products and services. We may lose significant customer relationships if existing contracts expire without being extended, renewed, or replaced, which could adversely affect our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and increasing governmental efforts to regulate the pharmaceutical supply channel may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Compliance with various federal and state laws and regulations is critical, and any failure to comply may result in additional costs or enforcement actions that could adversely affect our reputation and business. Our operations rely on sophisticated information systems, and any failure in or breach of these systems could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential information, and damage our reputation. We are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy regulations, and an adverse outcome under any investigation could subject us to fines or penalties. Natural disasters or other unexpected events may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if existing insurance arrangements do not provide adequate protection. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we undertake acquisitions of businesses that do not perform as expected or that are difficult to integrate. We expect continued government and private payor pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing, and changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could significantly reduce our profitability. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by qui tam litigation or other legal proceedings, and any significant damages or penalties may result from violations of laws governing the marketing, sale, purchase, and dispensing of pharmaceutical products. The deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers, which would negatively affect our revenue growth and profitability. We utilize various metrics to evaluate our working capital performance, and fluctuations in our period-end working capital can significantly impact our cash flows from operations. We have significant commitments related to our capital expenditures, and we expect to continue investing in technology initiatives and expanding distribution capacity to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience.