Our business could be harmed if any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, materialize. We depend on a limited number of major vehicle sellers for a substantial portion of our revenues. The loss of one or more of these major sellers could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position, and an inability to increase our sources of vehicle supply could adversely affect our growth rates. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into future agreements with vehicle sellers or that we will be able to retain our existing supply of salvage vehicles. A reduction in vehicles from a significant vehicle seller or any material changes in the terms of an arrangement with a significant vehicle seller could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets. Any failure to successfully integrate businesses acquired outside the U.S. into our operations could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We continue to evaluate acquisitions and other opportunities outside of the U.S. Acquisitions or other strategies to expand our operations outside of the U.S. pose substantial risks and uncertainties that could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. Our international operations will continue to subject us to a variety of risks associated with operating on an international basis, including the difficulty of managing and staffing foreign offices and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations. Our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions or may experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. We cannot provide any assurance that we will achieve our business and financial objectives in connection with these acquisitions or our strategic decision to expand our operations internationally. Operationally, acquired businesses typically depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. We face risks associated with the implementation of our salvage auction model in markets that may not operate on the same terms as the U.S. market. Our business in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. has been established and grown based largely on our ability to build relationships with insurance carriers. As we expand into markets outside the U.S., Canada, and the U.K., we cannot predict whether markets will readily adapt to our strategy of online auctions of automobiles sourced principally through vehicle insurers. Any failure of new markets to adopt our business model could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations and financial position. We are constantly evaluating and implementing new technologies and processes to manage risks relating to cyber-attacks and system and network disruptions, including but not limited to usage errors by our employees, power outages, and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes, and earthquakes. We have further enhanced our security protocols based on the investigation we conducted in response to the security incident. Nevertheless, we cannot provide assurances that our efforts to address prior data security incidents and mitigate against the risk of future data security incidents or system failures will be successful. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Cyber-attacks or other cybersecurity incidents could materially and adversely affect our reputation, operating results, or financial condition by, among other things, making our auction platform inoperable for a period of time, damaging our reputation with buyers, sellers, and insurance companies as a result of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, or resulting in governmental investigations, litigation, liability, fines, or penalties against us.