Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations may be due to numerous factors, including changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers' spending plans. The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers, and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially during a period of global credit market disruption, may also impact our operational flexibility. Unfavorable economic and market conditions, as well as the uncertain geopolitical environment, could contribute to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries, leading to reduced demand for our products. We have been investing in key priority and growth areas while maintaining leadership in routing, switching, and services, and if the return on these investments is lower or develops more slowly than expected, our operating results may be harmed. Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions and the benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing are critical to maintaining organizational health. Changes in tax laws or accounting rules could also affect our operational continuity. We expect to realign and dedicate resources into key priority areas, and if we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, our operating results may be adversely affected. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend on timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, which have affected our operations. The timing of large orders can significantly affect our business and operating results from quarter to quarter, primarily in the United States and in emerging countries. Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins if we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. We face competition from numerous vendors, and the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product categories. Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions that include pervasive, industry-leading security. We believe that the successful products and solutions will combine hardware and software elements together. Our business depends on the continued growth and evolution of the internet, including the deployment of our products by customers who depend on such growth. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in market-accepted products. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability, and any inability to effectively manage complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could adversely affect our business. We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates, which could harm our earnings. Our operating results may be adversely affected by uncertainties of regulation of the internet, changes in telecommunications regulation, and tariffs. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, and the loss of services of any key personnel could make it difficult to meet key objectives. Adverse resolution of litigation or governmental investigations may harm our operating results or financial condition.