Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. Extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity of the company's suppliers, vendors, partners, and equity affiliates upon which the company's own results of operations and financial condition depend. The company evaluates the risk of changing commodity prices as part of its business planning process. The scope of Chevron's business will decline if the company does not successfully develop resources; therefore, creating and maintaining an inventory of projects depends on many factors, including obtaining and renewing rights to explore, develop, and produce hydrocarbons, drilling success, and efficient and profitable operation of mature properties. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business, particularly exploration and production, which can be affected by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. The company has been complying with currently implemented programs such as the federal renewable fuel standard program and related volume standards, and state regulations such as California AB32. The ultimate effect of international agreements and national, regional, and state legislation and regulatory measures to limit greenhouse gas emissions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition.