The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. Severe weather, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, can disrupt operation of the companies' facilities and cause service outages, production delays, and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in global climate may produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent, and extreme weather events. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, which could adversely affect their results of operations and subject them to monetary penalties. The companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects, and the advancement of the companies' ventures is affected by the interventions, litigation, or other activities of stakeholders and advocacy groups. The companies' ability to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on capital investment is dependent on their ability to support regulatory rates. A failure to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current levels, adversely affecting results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. The companies' operations involve risk, including potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, labor disputes, or work stoppages. Unplanned outages typically increase operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce revenues. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas, including technological advances and regulatory requirements that may lead to declines in energy consumption. The companies may not be able to maintain, renew, or replace their existing portfolio of customer contracts successfully, which could result in a loss of revenue. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues. The companies' ability to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce is critical to their operations. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the companies' business. The companies' strategy is to continue focusing on their regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The companies expect to fund their capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The companies are subject to costs resulting from a number of federal, state, and local laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment, which can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs. The companies cannot predict the potential financial statement impacts of future environmental regulations, but believe the potential expenditures to comply could be material.