The company's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace, and restricted access to global markets impairs its ability to export goods and services, limiting access to raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices. Trade restrictions could limit the company's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair its ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products, and services. Additionally, the company's competitive position and results could be adversely affected by changes in or uncertainty surrounding U.S. trade policy. The ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to the company's customers, and policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural commodities, resulting in a corresponding negative effect on demand for agricultural equipment. The company's operations and results could also be impacted by financial regulatory reform that could adversely affect the financial services segment and its customers by limiting their ability to finance purchases. The company seeks to expand its business globally, but growth opportunities may be impacted by greater political, economic, and social uncertainty. Operating in various regions exposes the company to multiple and potentially conflicting cultural practices, business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change. The company's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop products that meet customer demand, is critical to its success. Negative economic conditions can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. The demand for the company's products can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment and cautious consumer spending. The company's operations are subject to and affected by increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and new or more stringent requirements could prevent or restrict operations, requiring significant expenditures to achieve compliance. The company relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products, and supply chain disruptions due to various factors could affect operations and profitability. The company is subject to governmental laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, and any inability to adequately address privacy concerns could result in additional costs and liability. The company's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon attracting, training, and retaining qualified personnel, and failure to do so could impair its ability to execute its business strategy. The company's operations, suppliers, and customers are affected by adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that reduce agricultural production and demand for equipment. The occurrence of security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with operations and compromise sensitive information, exposing the company to liability. The company is subject to currency exchange risk, and substantial fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar could significantly impact results. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements. The company's operations may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates, which can reduce demand for equipment and limit access to capital markets.