Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. Management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements. If our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. We require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. Our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits, and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. We must effectively manage our credit risk, and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition. Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes, competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models. We continue to expand our marketing of our personal loan, private student loan and home equity loan products. Our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. The economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. Our ability to remain organizationally effective is critical to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment. To remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. If we are unable to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. Our ability to manage our relationships with third-party service providers is crucial, as difficulties in these relationships could materially adversely affect our revenue or results of operations. We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies. We continue to work with our diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. Our long-term success depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated. We expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies.