Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions, and slower global economic growth, actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt, and volatility in the currency and credit markets may adversely affect our business and financial statements. We face intense competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. Our growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. We must correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, as well as allocate our research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects. We also need to anticipate and respond to our competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations. Our ability to maintain operational flexibility and adapt to changing market conditions is critical for our performance maintenance and organizational effectiveness. We rely on our suppliers to adhere to our supplier standards of conduct, and material violations of such standards could have a material effect on our business, reputation, and financial statements. Our operations are subject to various laws regulating fraud and abuse, pricing and sales and marketing practices, and the privacy and security of health information. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in adverse effects on our business, including our reputation. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our restructuring actions could have long-term adverse effects on our business, as they may reduce our available talent, assets, and other resources, and could slow improvements in our products and services. We may incur significant liability if the separation of certain businesses is determined to be a taxable transaction, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial statements. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business, reputation, and financial statements. We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and any attacks, breaches, or disruptions could interrupt our operations, delay production and shipments, and damage customer relationships. Our operations, products, and services expose us to the risk of environmental, health, and safety liabilities that could adversely affect our business and reputation. The company’s geographic and industry diversity helps limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. Our ability to grow revenues, earnings, and cash flow at or above our historic rates depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate businesses at appropriate prices and realize anticipated synergies. We are subject to various litigation and other legal and regulatory proceedings that could adversely affect our business and financial statements. The company’s operations are subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations, including changes in a country's or region's political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, and unexpected changes in laws or regulatory requirements. Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our financial statements, and significant changes in market interest rates or decreases in the fair value of plan assets may increase our funding obligations.