Duke Energy's future results could be adversely affected if it is unable to implement its business strategy, which includes transforming the customer experience, modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, and engaging employees and stakeholders. The company’s strategy is subject to business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control. The regulated utility revenues, earnings, and results are dependent on state legislation and regulation that affect electric generation, electric and gas transmission, distribution, and related activities. If regulatory bodies do not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, future earnings could be negatively impacted. The ability to recover costs and earn an appropriate return on investment is influenced by the rates that the regulated utility businesses are allowed to charge, which are established by state utility commissions. Negative decisions made by these regulators could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. The company’s results may also be negatively affected by overall market, economic, and other conditions that are beyond its control. Sustained downturns or sluggishness in the economy generally affect the markets in which Duke Energy operates and negatively influence operations. Declines in demand for electricity or natural gas as a result of economic downturns will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption. Prolonged economic downturns could result in future material impairment charges to write down the carrying value of certain assets. Natural disasters or operational accidents may adversely affect operating results. Such events could have direct significant impacts on Duke Energy as well as on key contractors and suppliers. The reputation and financial condition could be negatively impacted due to obligations to comply with federal and state regulations governing operations, assessments, storage, closure, remediation, disposal, and monitoring. The steps required to ensure compliance could be prohibitively expensive, potentially causing the company to incur losses. The financial position, results of operations, and cash flows may be negatively affected by a lack of growth or slower growth in the number of customers or decline in customer demand. Growth in customer accounts and usage directly influences demand for electricity and natural gas and the need for additional power generation and delivery facilities. Customer growth and usage are affected by factors outside the control of the company, such as mandated energy efficiency measures and economic conditions. The operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be negatively affected by changes in weather conditions and severe weather, including extreme weather associated with climate change. The company’s electric generating facilities are designed to withstand extreme weather events without significant damage, and it maintains an inventory of coal and oil on-site to mitigate the effects of any potential short-term disruption in fuel supply. The company is committed to compliance with all safety enhancements ordered by the NRC and has taken actions that have resulted in a reduction of CO2 emissions over time. The ability to adapt to regulatory changes and external pressures is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving strategic objectives.