The following is a description of significant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-K and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Health care reform, together with the changes in federal and state regulations that have been, and continue to be, enacted to implement it, or future changes involving the significant modification, repeal or replacement of health care reform could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Effectively adapting to these risk adjustment provisions has required us to modify our operational and strategic initiatives to focus on and manage different populations of potential members than we have in the past. If we are not able to successfully design and implement operational and strategic initiatives to adapt to these changes in certain of our markets, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have dedicated material resources and incurred material expenses to implement and comply with health care reform at both the federal and state levels, including significant investments in new products, services and technologies, and we expect to dedicate material resources and incur material expenses going forward to implement and comply with future regulations that provide guidance and clarification on significant portions of the legislation. The existence of multiple public insurance exchange options has led to increased uncertainties and made our planning for the public exchanges more difficult as we are required to comply with the varying rules of multiple exchanges. Our inability to contain health care costs, implement increases in premium rates on a timely basis, appropriately price our public exchange products, maintain adequate reserves for policy benefits or maintain cost-effective provider agreements may adversely affect our business and profitability. The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. We face intense competition to attract and retain employees. Further, managing key executive succession and retention is critical to our success. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to meet current and future needs, integrating and engaging employees who have joined us through acquisitions and achieving productivity gains from our investment in technology. We face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. A significant reduction in enrollment in our health benefits programs could have an adverse effect on our business and profitability. Factors that could contribute to a reduction in enrollment include reductions in workforce by existing customers; general economic downturn that results in business failures and high unemployment rates; employers no longer offering certain health care coverage as an employee benefit or electing to offer coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis; participation on public exchanges; federal and state regulatory changes; failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers; premium increases and benefit changes; and negative publicity and news coverage. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. The success of the Cigna acquisition, if completed, will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated business opportunities and growth prospects from combining our businesses with those of Cigna. Integrating operations will be complex and will require significant efforts and expenditures on the part of both us and Cigna. Our management might have its attention diverted while trying to integrate operations and corporate and administrative infrastructures. The integration process could result in a disruption of each company's ongoing businesses, tax costs or inefficiencies, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, information technology systems, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees or other third parties or our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Cigna acquisition and could harm our financial performance.