In evaluating our business and us, risks related to the acquisition and integration of the Verizon assets should be considered carefully. The success of the Verizon asset purchase will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the Verizon assets into our business and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies and cost savings, from the acquisition. We may encounter material challenges in connection with this integration process, including retaining relationships with key customers, landlords, and suppliers of the acquired business, which may terminate their contracts as a result of the Verizon asset purchase. Additionally, we face risks associated with integrating or migrating IT systems, which may create a risk of errors or performance problems and could affect our ability to meet customer service level obligations. The diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at Equinix due to the focus on the Verizon asset purchase may also impact our operational effectiveness. 

We have a significant amount of debt and may need to incur additional debt to support our growth, which could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and industry. Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could adversely impact our business and financial condition, potentially leading to churn in our customer base and reductions in revenues from our offerings. Our ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which could have an impact on our flexibility to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in the future.

The uncertain economic environment could also impact our foreign exchange forward contracts if our counterparties' credit deteriorates or they are otherwise unable to perform their obligations. We are subject to various federal, state, local, and international environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, which may impose new or unexpected costs. Our operations involve the use of hazardous substances, and we may be responsible for the removal or cleanup of such substances, the cost of which could be substantial. 

We depend on a number of third parties to provide internet connectivity to our IBX data centers; if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our operating results and cash flow could be materially and adversely affected. We face risks associated with unauthorized access to our computer systems, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, and other malicious activities, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions, and problems at one or more of our IBX data centers could result in service interruptions or significant equipment damage, which could impair our ability to generate revenues and adversely affect our operating results. We are currently making significant investments in our back office information technology systems and processes, and difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

We must continue to identify, hire, train, and retain qualified personnel who maintain relationships with our customers and provide the technical, strategic, and marketing skills required for our company to grow. The failure to recruit and retain necessary personnel could harm our business and our ability to grow.