Our business and assets are subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty, which could adversely affect our organizational resilience. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities; however, the research and development process is prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty, which may impact our ability to adapt and respond to environmental disruptions. We may experience supply interruptions that could harm our ability to manufacture products, and we work closely with suppliers to monitor their financial viability and assure continuity of supply. Disruptions can occur during the implementation of new equipment and systems, as well as during production line transfers and expansions, which could strain our operational flexibility. Our manufacturing and warehousing facilities could be materially damaged by natural disasters, and while we believe that our exposure to significant losses could be partially mitigated by our ability to manufacture, store, and distribute some of our products at other facilities, the losses could have a material adverse effect on our business for an indeterminate period of time. 

The cardiovascular products industry is characterized by technological changes and frequent new product introductions, and our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies while anticipating technology advances. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical device industry. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business will be harmed. The success of many of our products depends upon strong relationships with certain key physicians, and if new laws, regulations, or other developments limit our ability to maintain these relationships, the development and marketing of our products could suffer. 

General economic conditions could adversely affect the financial viability of our suppliers, resulting in their inability to provide materials and components used in the manufacture of our products. We may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions or strategic alliances on favorable terms, and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. We regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, and we may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or appropriate partners with which to form alliances. 

Our business is subject to economic, political, and other risks associated with international sales and operations, including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations. We anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a substantial portion of our total sales. The introduction of cost containment incentives and closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers could result in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed, which may adversely affect our ability to profitably sell our products. 

We are subject to rigorous governmental regulations, and failure to comply with these regulations could subject us to substantial sanctions. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety regulations that could result in substantial costs. The medical device industry has been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny, which may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future. We strive to resolve open matters with each tax authority at the examination level, and the final outcome with a tax authority may result in a tax liability that is more or less than that reflected in our financial statements.