Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. We are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. We maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them. Our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. We have devoted increased resources to growth drivers, including our industrial vending business, onsite business, and national accounts team. Our strategy of growing our pre-tax profit margin by increasing our average annual sales per store may prove unsuccessful on a long-term basis. A downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us could adversely impact our ability to continue to grow our average per store sales. We believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our vending hardware and software, our local store presence, and our distribution strength. However, other competitors could respond with competitive platforms that could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending business. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the store level and identify future products that respond to our customers' needs. Our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs and the successful execution of our growth drivers. We have had some transition in our executive officers over the last few years, and difficulties in smoothly implementing that transition could divert the attention of our senior management team from our existing operations. Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations, and compliance increases the cost of doing business. We are also subject to governmental audits and inquiries that could increase costs in the future. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that will expand or complement our business. Any failure to integrate acquisitions could prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits. Our strategies to grow our business include the opening of stores in new and existing markets and the expansion of our industrial vending business. We have continued to expand our onsite business and have converted most of our stores to a new customer service format to enhance same-day capabilities. Our industrial vending operation has been an expanding component of our store-based business, and we believe it will continue to be transformative to industrial distribution. Our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our store network is integral to our overall business strategy. Disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis. The volatility and weakness of energy prices have weakened our non-residential construction business. We believe our installed base of machines and our penetration of our customer base will continue to grow and be a catalyst to gaining an increasing share of our customers' spending. Our growth in inventory balances over time does not have a direct relationship to our monthly sales patterns, and we have seen significant increases in our relative inventory levels due to various factors, including new store openings and expanded stocking breadth at distribution centers. We anticipate funding our capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations and from our borrowing capacity. Changes in the level of our dividend payments and stock purchases have influenced our cash used in financing activities.