A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales of products to treat HCV and HIV, and if we are unable to increase HIV sales or if HCV sales decrease more than anticipated, then our results of operations may be adversely affected. We note that pricing pressure in the HCV market is expected to continue, which could result in larger discounts or rebates on our products or delayed reimbursement, negatively impacting our product sales and results of operations. We may continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers, which may result in fluctuations in our product sales, revenues, and earnings in the future. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations, and failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. If we are unable to accurately predict demand for our products, including the uptake of new products, our forecasted revenues and earnings may fluctuate, adversely affecting our financial results and stock price. We face significant competition from large global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers, and if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or product candidates, our future sales may be reduced, adversely affecting our results of operations. 

Our reliance on third-party contract research organizations to conduct our clinical trials means we are unable to directly control the timing, conduct, expense, and quality of our clinical trials. If there is any dispute or disruption in our relationship with our CROs, our clinical trials may be delayed. We depend on relationships with other companies for sales and marketing performance, and failure to maintain these relationships or poor performance by these companies could negatively impact our business. We also rely on a third party to administer our education and access program, and failure of this third party to perform as expected may result in regulatory action or decreased sales. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering changes to existing tax laws, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our R&D efforts, and the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities. We have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe, which have caused some government agencies to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, decreasing our revenues and causing fluctuations in our product sales and earnings. 

Our worldwide operations could be subject to business interruptions stemming from natural or man-made disasters, and we may not carry adequate insurance for such events. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and sophistication, and while we have invested in the protection of our data and information technology infrastructure, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations.