The facilities maintenance industry is highly fragmented, and changes in competition could result in decreased demand for Grainger's products and services. Disruptions in Grainger's supply chain could result in an adverse impact on results of operations. A disruption within Grainger's logistics or supply chain network, including damage, destruction, extreme weather and other events, could adversely affect Grainger's ability to obtain or deliver inventory in a timely manner, impair Grainger's ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or damage to Grainger's reputation. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. Grainger's operations are critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, computer viruses, telecommunication failures and other problems. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable and disburse funds could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could also subject Grainger to additional costs. Breaches of information systems security could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs and/or decrease revenues. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. Grainger must continue to preserve, grow and leverage the value of Grainger's brand. Even an isolated incident, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. Grainger's business is subject to a wide array of laws, regulations and standards in every domestic and foreign jurisdiction where it operates. Failure to comply or unforeseen developments could adversely affect Grainger's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Grainger's ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is critical to its competitive advantage. Grainger's results of operations could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Grainger's strategic relationships with a number of vendors are also crucial; in the event Grainger was unable to maintain those relations, there might be a loss of competitive pricing advantages. Grainger's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is essential for maintaining operational continuity. The company plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools and inventory management services to support its revenue growth objectives. Grainger's operations are primarily in the United States and Canada, with a presence in Europe, Asia and Latin America, and it serves approximately 3 million customers worldwide through a network of highly integrated branches, distribution centers and websites. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, which are vital for resilience against market fluctuations and disruptions.