We are subject to the business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, any of which could reduce our revenues and limit opportunities for growth. Our business is subject to a number of business, financial and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including significant competition from multiple hospitality providers in all parts of the world, changes in operating costs, and increases in costs due to inflation or other factors that may not be fully offset by price and fee increases in our business. Macroeconomic and other factors beyond our control can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services, including demand for rooms at our hotels. Consumer demand for our services is closely linked to the performance of the general economy and is sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels. Decreased global or regional demand for hospitality products and services can be especially pronounced during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, and the recovery period in our industry may lag overall economic improvement. The hospitality industry is subject to seasonal and cyclical volatility, which may contribute to fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to maintain our competitive position depends somewhat on the efforts and abilities of our senior executives. We also rely on the general managers at each of our managed, owned and leased hotels to manage daily operations and oversee the efforts of employees. The failure to retain, train or successfully manage general managers for our managed, owned and leased hotels could negatively affect our operations. Collective bargaining activity could disrupt our operations, increase our labor costs or interfere with the ability of our management to focus on executing our business strategies. Labor shortages could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business or result in increased labor costs that could adversely affect our results of operations. Our success depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, train, manage and engage employees. If we are unable to attract, retain, train, manage and engage skilled individuals, our ability to manage and staff the managed, owned and leased hotels could be impaired, which could reduce customer satisfaction. We have taken steps to reduce our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions without jeopardizing the overall customer experience or the value of our hotels or brands. Our ability to generate sufficient cash depends on many factors, some of which are not within our control. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, to fund planned capital expenditures and to pay dividends to our stockholders will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We believe that this cash will be adequate to meet anticipated requirements for operating expenses and other expenditures, including corporate expenses, payroll and related benefits, legal costs, operating costs associated with the management of hotels, interest and scheduled principal payments on our outstanding indebtedness, costs associated with the spin-offs, contract acquisition costs and capital expenditures for renovations and maintenance at our owned and leased hotels. Our business depends on our ability to establish and maintain long-term, positive relationships with third-party property owners and our ability to enter into new and renew management and franchise agreements. Our relationships with these third parties also generate new relationships with developers and opportunities for property development that can support our growth. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts is limited by the amount of fixed costs inherent in our business. If we are unable to decrease these costs significantly or rapidly when demand for our hotels and other properties decreases, the resulting decline in our revenues can have an adverse effect on our net cash flow, margins and profits.