Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to the principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near- and long-term. Industry and economic conditions may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services and our results of operations. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions, and product line rationalizations. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution of the planned initiatives, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements, and adverse effects on employee morale. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements. We have made adjustments and paid voluntary refunds in the past and may do so in the future. We are also subject to government investigations of business practices and compliance with government procurement regulations. Our operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities. We continue to incur remedial response and voluntary clean-up costs for site contamination and are a party to lawsuits and claims associated with environmental and safety matters. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to, and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, and continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. Our future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax laws, regulations, and judicial rulings. We cannot predict with certainty the outcome of litigation matters, government proceedings, and other contingencies and uncertainties. Our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new developments, changes in settlement strategy, or the impact of evidentiary requirements. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. We expect to fund expenditures for environmental matters from operating cash flow. The timing of cash expenditures depends on several factors, including the timing of litigation and settlements of remediation liability, personal injury and property damage claims, and regulatory approval of cleanup projects. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. Our emphasis is primarily safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds.