The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes, functions, and technologies to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. Cyber attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in power, information technology, communication systems, or other critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services, financial loss, injury to persons or property, potential liability, and damage to brand and reputation. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to factors such as the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company is a globally integrated entity, operating in over 175 countries worldwide, and changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates could affect its business and overall results of operations. Any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic, or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the company's operations and its ability to source and deliver products and services to its customers. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection, and could incur substantial costs if it were to violate or become liable under these laws. The company's results could be negatively impacted by premiums for mandatory pension insolvency insurance coverage outside the United States. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or fraud. The future success of the company depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled personnel, and competition for their talents is intense. The company employs a number of strategies to manage risks related to currency and financing, including the use of derivative financial instruments. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. The company is involved in a variety of ongoing claims, demands, suits, investigations, tax matters, and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, but legal and compliance risks will continue to exist.