If our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. Achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of da Vinci surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery will be crucial to our success. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. Economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions continues to pose a risk as customers may choose to postpone or reduce spending in response to restraints on credit. Our business is closely tied to the overall U.S. healthcare system, relating to which there are concerns and uncertainties as a result of explicit statements made by the U.S. federal government about its intentions to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate provisions of the PPACA. If economic conditions worsen or fail to improve or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, trade, fiscal or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. We may not be able to rapidly train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products. We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers, which could result in material losses. Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. Natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. A natural disaster in any of our major markets, or an unanticipated business disruption caused by internet security threats, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. If we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances and it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our ability to generate revenues will be limited if we are unable to maintain larger-scale manufacturing capabilities. We may encounter manufacturing problems or delays that could result in lost revenue. If we do not obtain and maintain the necessary domestic regulatory authorizations, we will not be able to provide our products in the United States. Our products and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the United States by the FDA. If we fail to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products, our ability to generate revenue will be harmed. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. The growth of recurring revenue reflects continued procedure adoption on a growing base of installed da Vinci surgical systems.