The company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the company's control. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way. The company has experienced significant challenges to patents covering its largest product, remicade® (infliximab), and continues to assert certain patents related to the product. Global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medical devices segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. The company is subject to significant legal proceedings that can result in significant expenses, fines, and reputational damage. Product reliability, safety, and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation, and cause reputational damage. Changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the company's operating results. The company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress with many tax authorities. The company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. The company may not be able to successfully secure and defend intellectual property rights essential to the company's businesses. The company operates in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. The company's businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing, and availability. Significant challenges or delays in the company's innovation and development of new products, technologies, and indications could have an adverse impact on the company's long-term success. The company's continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers. The company strives to maintain a purpose-driven organization and is committed to developing global business leaders who can achieve these growth objectives. The company believes that its strategic framework and long-term growth drivers, along with its overall mission of improving the quality of life for people around the world, will enable it to continue to be a leader in the healthcare industry. The company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. Manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations, or safety issues. The company continually assesses information security threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities. The company anticipates that operating cash flows, existing credit facilities, and access to the capital markets will provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs. The company continues to monitor economic challenges in various regions and takes appropriate actions to maintain profit margins through cost reduction programs and productivity improvements. The company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and a 1% change in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the company had sales, income, or expense would have a significant impact on revenues and income.