We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate these trends and changing consumer preferences and quickly develop new products or partner with an allied brand in that category in response, then our sales could suffer. We operate in highly competitive markets, and competition is generally based upon brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection, and convenience. These competitors can use their resources and scale to rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such acquisitions. Significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management, and prepare financial reports. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers, or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and other countries in which we do business. Violations of these laws or regulations in the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation, and advertising of our products could damage our reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience strikes. Our performance significantly depends upon the continued contributions of our executive officers and key employees, both individually and as a group, and our ability to retain and motivate them. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading. We expect to incur significant costs to upgrade or keep up-to-date various facilities and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. If our investment and restructuring costs are higher than anticipated or our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected. We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a portion of our business. Any significant interruption to supply or cost increase could substantially harm our business and financial performance. A disruption in production at our beverage concentrates manufacturing facility could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may need to increase support for our brands in their territories and may not be able to pass price increases through to them. We have lower exposure to energy drinks, some of the faster-growing non-carbonated beverages, and the bottled water segments in the overall market. Our distribution agreements with our allied brands could be terminated, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We are also subject to risks related to the financial viability of third-party bottlers and distributors, which could negatively affect our business and financial performance.