Investing in our securities involves risk, and our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected by difficult market conditions, which can reduce the value or performance of the investments we manage or hinder our ability to raise or deploy capital. We attempt to mitigate known risks, but we can provide no assurance that our mitigation efforts will be successful. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic events, such as interest rates, availability of credit, and national and international political circumstances. The unprecedented turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices and had a material adverse effect on our businesses. The lingering effects of the 2008 global financial crisis and the rise of populist political parties have led to increasing political uncertainty, which includes greater regulatory uncertainty and a greater risk that trade and foreign investment may be restricted. Low levels of growth and high levels of government debt in major markets persist, and the decision of the United Kingdom to withdraw from the European Union could disrupt trade and economic stability. Adverse conditions may increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, credit, and other investments that we manage. During periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, companies in which we have invested may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, and difficulty in obtaining access to financing. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs in a timely manner. We may not be able to find suitable investments for our funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise new funds. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven by the extent to which they see the alternative asset management industry and our investment products as attractive vehicles for capital appreciation or income. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our successful deployment of capital and participation in capital markets transactions. We have significant liquidity requirements, and adverse economic and market conditions may adversely affect our sources of liquidity. We expect that our primary liquidity needs will consist of cash required to grow our business, service debt obligations, fund cash operating expenses, and make cash distributions. Our business is subject to extensive regulation, which may impose additional expenses or capital requirements on us, limit our fundraising for investment products, and require substantial attention from senior management. The investment management business is intensely competitive, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. We depend on the efforts, skills, and reputations of our employees, and the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our organizational documents do not limit our ability to enter into new lines of business, and we may expand into new investment strategies, geographic markets, and businesses, which may result in additional risks and uncertainties. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. If we do not continue to develop and implement the right processes and tools to manage our changing enterprise and maintain our culture, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired.