Our business faces many risks and uncertainties that we cannot control, which could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. The inability to effectively manage foreign market risk could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. Intense competition for sales of our products, changes in consumer purchasing patterns, and the inability to innovate or market our products effectively could have an adverse effect on our financial results. We may be unable to anticipate or adequately respond to changes in consumer demand for our products, which could lead to decreased earnings. Our ability to develop new products is affected by whether we can successfully anticipate consumer needs and preferences, develop and fund technological innovations, and receive and maintain necessary patent and trademark protection. Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets, which may involve adapting to adverse political conditions and economic instability. Disruption in our supply chain or the failure of third-party providers to satisfactorily perform could adversely impact our operations. Our ability to manufacture, distribute, and sell products is critical to our operations and is subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, and pandemics, which could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. If not mitigated in advance or effectively managed, these interruptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events; however, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations. Our information technology systems serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business, and interruptions or failures could disrupt our business operations and lead to financial and reputational damage. We are subject to many laws and governmental regulations across all countries in which we do business, and our inability to comply could negatively impact our reputation and business results. We are increasingly dependent on key retailers, and changes in their policies could adversely affect our business. Our products are sold in a highly competitive global marketplace, which continues to experience increased concentration and the growing presence of large-format retailers. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including restructuring programs where opportunities exist. Our ongoing efforts to reduce costs may not be successful, and any negative impact these plans have on our relationships with employees or customers could adversely affect our financial results. We anticipate achieving cost savings from our continuous improvement activities, which are essential for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring business continuity. The introduction of new consumer products usually requires substantial expenditures for advertising and marketing to gain recognition in the marketplace, and if we fail to maintain our relative market position, we may be less competitive. Our strategic initiatives focus on targeted growth, innovation, and brand building, which are critical for adapting to changing market dynamics and ensuring organizational resilience.