We are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. Our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services from those offered by others. The integration of Starwood places a significant burden on our management and internal resources, and the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns could adversely affect our financial results. The integration process could take longer than we anticipate and involve unanticipated costs, which could adversely affect the combined company. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. We cannot assure you that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, and other benefits from the combination that we currently anticipate. We may also have difficulty addressing differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies, and in harmonizing our different reservations and other systems and business practices. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our brands, and any deterioration in the quality or reputation of these brands could have an adverse impact on our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. Events that may be beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, a multichannel reservations system, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. We address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet standards. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. Our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes.