The company is exposed to legal, economic, operational, and regulatory risks of operating in multiple jurisdictions. Moody's ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which Moody's is located. This may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure, including the company's electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet. Any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach, or interruption of the company's infrastructure may impair the company's ability to deliver its products and services. Moody's efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of its major operating systems may not be successful. The company relies on third-party providers to provide certain essential services, and to the extent any of these providers ceases to provide these services efficiently, the company could experience lower revenues and higher costs. Additionally, the company does not have fully redundant systems for most of its smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and its disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. A disruption to Moody's operations or infrastructure may have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, operating results, and financial condition. The company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information. Breaches of Moody's or its vendors' technology and systems may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the company's web sites, applications, data processing, or disruption of other business operations, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company. The company faces exposure to litigation and government regulatory proceedings related to its ratings actions and other business practices. Legal proceedings impose additional expenses on the company and require the attention of senior management to an extent that may significantly reduce their ability to devote time addressing other business issues. The company may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers, and competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors. Moody's reputation and the strength of its brand are key competitive strengths, and factors that may affect credibility include the appearance of a conflict of interest, operational errors, and negative perceptions or publicity. The introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company's business. The ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers' changing requirements is a key factor in maintaining market share. The company conducts operations in various countries outside the U.S. and derives a significant portion of its revenue from foreign sources. Changes in the economic condition of the various foreign economies in which the company operates may have an impact on the company's business. The company is subject to complex U.S., foreign, and other local laws and regulations, and any determination that the company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, and financial condition. The company has implemented internal controls, policies, and procedures to deter prohibited practices, but such measures may not be effective in preventing violations.