Difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. Stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions in financial asset classes or various markets can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. While our diversified business mix and geographically diverse business operations partially mitigate these risks, correlation across regions, countries, and global market factors may reduce the benefits of diversification. Concerns about the political and/or economic stability in various countries have recently contributed to global market volatility. This market volatility has affected the performance of various asset classes at various times and could continue. Significant market volatility and government actions taken in response may exacerbate some of the risks we face. Our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such cases, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. We need liquidity to pay claims and other operating expenses, interest on our debt, and dividends on our capital stock. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations and limit our investments, and our business and financial results may suffer. We are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to sustained periods of low market returns, low levels of U.S. interest rates, and/or heightened market volatility, which may also increase the cost and limit the availability of the hedging instruments and other protective measures we take to mitigate such risk. Our ability to react to rapidly changing market and economic conditions will depend on the continued efficacy of provisions we have incorporated into our product design allowing frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements and our ability to work collaboratively with federal securities regulators. We manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. We also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity market levels. We continually reexamine our strategy for managing such risks. Our enterprise risk management program is designed to mitigate material risks and loss to the company. We have developed and continue to develop our risk management policies and procedures to reflect the ongoing review of our risks and expect to continue to do so in the future. Our policies and procedures may not be comprehensive and may not identify every risk to which we are exposed. Many of our methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior to model or project potential future exposure. Our liquidity requirements may change if we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements. We have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. We expect to maintain a liquidity buffer of $3.0 to $4.0 billion of liquid assets at the holding companies following the separation.