The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the SEC, reports to security holders, press releases, and investor webcasts. The achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including product liability and consumer protection claims. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain. It is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries, could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Our tobacco subsidiaries face significant competition, and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of Altria Group, Inc. The highly competitive environment could negatively impact the profitability, market share, and shipment volume of our tobacco subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions. Our tobacco and wine subsidiaries work to broaden their brand portfolios to compete effectively with lower-priced products. Significant changes in tobacco leaf price, availability, or quality could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc.'s subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. The regulatory framework established by the FDA imposes restrictions and requirements that could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. The failure to comply with FDA regulatory requirements could also have a material adverse effect on the business. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries devote significant resources to help prevent illicit trade in tobacco products and to protect legitimate trade channels. Changes in the patterns of demand for agricultural products and the cost of tobacco production could impact tobacco leaf prices and tobacco supply. Any significant change in the price, quality, or availability of tobacco leaf or other agricultural products used to manufacture our products could impact adult consumer product acceptability and adversely affect our subsidiaries' profitability and businesses.