Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, such as acts of terrorism. For example, pipelines provide a nearly exclusive form of transportation of crude oil to, or refined products from, some of our refineries. In such instances, a prolonged interruption in service of such a pipeline could materially and adversely affect the operations, profitability, and cash flows of the impacted refinery. We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems and network infrastructure and maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business. These systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, software viruses or other malware, power failures, cyber-attacks, and other events. To protect against such attempts of unauthorized access or attack, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans. There can be no guarantee such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be effective. Our operations are also influenced by various external pressures, including worldwide and domestic supplies of and demand for crude oil and refined products, the cost of crude oil and other feedstocks, and political instability or armed conflict in oil and natural gas producing regions. The ability of the members of OPEC to agree to and maintain production controls, local weather conditions, and natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes can also impact our operations. We may incur losses to our business as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions. Our significant debt obligations may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could have material adverse consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory, and industry conditions, limiting our ability to compete, and requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt. The development, availability, and marketing of alternative and competing fuels in the retail market could adversely impact our business. We are subject to interruptions of supply and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined products. A prolonged disruption of the ability of the pipelines, railways, or vessels to transport crude oil or refined products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We have a trade receivables securitization facility that provides liquidity depending on the amount of eligible domestic trade accounts receivables. In periods of lower prices, we may not have sufficient eligible accounts receivables to support full availability of this facility. Our anticipated growth and planned expenditures are based upon the assumption that societal sentiment will continue to enable and existing regulations will remain intact to allow for the future development, transportation, and use of carbon-based fuels. Delays or cost increases related to capital spending programs involving engineering, procurement, and construction of facilities could materially adversely affect our ability to achieve forecasted internal rates of return and operating results.