We face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, falling commodity prices, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business. Global economic and political conditions continue to be challenging for many of our government and commercial markets, as economic growth in many countries has remained low or declined, and many of our customers remain dependent on government grants to fund purchases of our products and services. The length of time these adverse economic and political conditions may persist is unknown. These global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in a number of ways, including requests by customers for vendor financing. The inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds could have a negative impact on our financial results. It is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the U.S. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate. Uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases. If political instability continues in certain markets, it could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and operate in those locations. A significant amount of our international business is transacted in local currency, exposing us to risks relating to currency fluctuations and changes in foreign exchange regulations. We face uncertainty in the global geopolitical landscape that may impede the implementation of our strategy outside the United States. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are outsourced. Any disruption to these systems may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials and services to meet the demands of our customers, and any disruption to our suppliers could have a negative impact on our results of operations. As we outsource more of our business operations, we have increased our dependence on the IT systems of our outsourced business partners, which are not under our direct management or control. Our sales within a quarter are not linear, creating inefficiencies in our business performance, and any interruption during critical periods could have a substantial impact on our quarterly financial results. We have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. Our business is subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety laws that could impact our ability to grow and could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities. We have entered into various agreements with non-U.S. governments that provide certain benefits, and if our operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of losing these benefits. We have a number of employees, contractors, representatives, and agents throughout the world, and our operations could be negatively impacted by political conflicts and hostilities in regions where we operate. Our success depends on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and we may face difficulties in fulfilling our orders if we are unable to engage third parties with the necessary capabilities. We face many risks relating to intellectual property rights, and our business could be harmed if we or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third parties.