The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the U.S. and Europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. Adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders, and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. Poor economic conditions may result in a decline in trading volumes or values, deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies, and a reduction in the demand for our products. Information services revenues also may be significantly affected by global economic conditions. Our industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. Increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity, listings, and demand for the products we offer, thereby adversely affecting our operating results. System limitations or failures could harm our business, as our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We may spend substantial time and money developing new products and initiatives. If these products and initiatives are not successful, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. Our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends, including trading volumes and values in equity derivative, cash equity, and fixed income, which are driven primarily by overall macroeconomic conditions. We recognize that there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy, and consequently, sustained instability could return at any time, resulting in an increased level of market volatility and a more cautious outlook by the clients of our non-trading segments. We believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. Our strategy continues to include identifying organic growth within our core business units and developing adjacent opportunities within our core businesses. We expect changes in both the competitive and regulatory environments, which could create both challenges in our existing businesses as well as new opportunities for growth. We will continue to look for opportunities to further diversify our business with enhanced product offerings and/or acquisitions that are complementary to our existing businesses. We have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. We identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis. Our risk management methods may depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers, or other matters, which may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date, or properly evaluated. If our methods are not effective or we are not successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results could be materially adversely affected.