If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, ramping up our ability to produce original content, as well as continuing to operate our DVD service within the U.S. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights to distribute such content. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular that our content costs are largely fixed in nature and contracted over several years, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operation may be adversely impacted. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing memberships and attracting new memberships, our business will be adversely affected. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and results of our operations. We believe that a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining members who have a number of choices from which to obtain entertainment video. If we are unable to maintain or, in newer markets establish, a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data or disrupt our service, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Our ability to obtain any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, financial condition and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. Our substantial indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes, and limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry.