Our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks, many of which are not exclusively within our control, that may cause actual performance to differ materially from historical or projected future performance. We depend heavily on a single customer, the U.S. government, for a substantial portion of our business. Changes in this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. The U.S. government has been implementing significant reductions in government spending and other significant program changes. We cannot predict the impact on existing, follow-on, replacement or future programs from potential changes in priorities due to changes in defense spending levels, the threat environment, military strategy and planning and/or changes in social, economic or political priorities. Significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs and U.S. government funding more broadly may negatively impact our business and programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Unforeseen circumstances could cause an extended debt ceiling breach and have significant near and long-term consequences for our company, our employees, our suppliers and the defense industry. We believe continued budget pressures would have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including Northrop Grumman, and the customers, employees, suppliers, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. It is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment would have long-term implications for our company and the entire defense industry. Our reputation, our ability to do business and our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or joint ventures in which we participate. We have implemented policies, procedures, training and other compliance controls, and have negotiated terms designed to prevent misconduct by employees, agents or others working on our behalf or with us that would violate the applicable laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. However, we cannot ensure that we will prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, subcontractors, suppliers, business partners or others working on our behalf or with us, and this risk of improper conduct may increase as we expand globally. Our international business exposes us to additional risks. Our international business is subject to numerous political and economic factors, legal requirements, cross-cultural considerations and other risks associated with doing business globally. Changes in regulations, political leadership and environment, or security risks may dramatically affect our ability to conduct or continue to conduct business in international markets. Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber and other security threats or disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face various cyber and other security threats, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information and networks; insider threats; threats to the safety of our directors, officers and employees; threats to the security of our facilities, infrastructure and supply chain; and threats from terrorist acts or other acts of aggression. These threats could lead to losses of sensitive information or capabilities; harm to personnel, infrastructure or products; financial liabilities and damage to our reputation. Our ability to perform our obligations on time could be adversely affected if one or more of our subcontractors or suppliers were unable to provide the agreed-upon products or materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely, compliant and cost-effective manner or otherwise to meet the requirements of the contract. If we are unable to procure or experience significant delays in subcontractor or supplier deliveries of needed materials, components, intellectual property or parts; if our subcontractors or suppliers do not comply with all applicable laws and regulations; or if we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we may be unable to maintain our operational continuity and our future success could be materially adversely affected.