The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Significant governmental legislation and regulation over commercial, operating, and environmental matters could affect us, our customers, and the markets we serve. The risk of incurring environmental liability, for acts and omissions, past, present, and future, is inherent in the railroad business. This risk includes property owned by us, whether currently or in the past, that is or has been subject to a variety of uses, including our railroad operations and other industrial activity by past owners or our past and present tenants. Environmental problems that are latent or undisclosed may exist on these properties, and we could incur environmental liabilities or costs, the amount and materiality of which cannot be estimated reliably at this time, with respect to one or more of these properties. We may be affected by general economic conditions. Prolonged negative changes in domestic and global economic conditions could affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry. We face competition from other transportation providers. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. Deterioration in the operations of or service provided by connecting carriers, or in our relationship with those connecting carriers, could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We may be affected by supply constraints resulting from disruptions in the fuel markets or the nature of some of our supplier markets. Changes in the competitive landscapes of these limited supplier markets could result in increased prices or significant shortages of materials. Severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures. Severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena may cause significant business interruptions and result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. We may be affected by terrorism or war. Any terrorist attack, or other similar event, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war could cause significant business interruption. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us. The variability inherent in the system could result in actual costs being very different from the liability recorded. We have experienced decreases across all categories driven largely from cost-control initiatives, lower fuel expense, and service improvements. Our employment averaged 28,044 in 2016, compared with 30,456 in 2015. Looking forward to 2017, we expect higher compensation and benefit expenses, a result of wage increases, medical cost inflation, and higher levels of incentive compensation. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources.