In order to grow we need to continue to acquire investment properties. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. We could be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates, declines in our tenants' creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants, economic or physical decline of the areas where the properties are located, and deterioration of physical condition of our properties. Any tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its operating results or overall financial condition. Furthermore, the occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from the tenant's lease or leases. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and/or new jurisdictions outside the United States and properties leased to tenants engaged in non-retail businesses. These risks may include limited experience in managing certain types of new properties, new types of real estate locations and lease structures, and the laws and culture of any non-U.S. jurisdiction. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors, including prevailing interest rates, general economic, political and financial market conditions, and the financial condition, performance and prospects of us, our tenants and our competitors. We continually monitor the commercial real estate and U.S. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly. Our strategy of primarily holding properties long-term decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. However, if our strategy or one or more of the above assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized. We face the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to make required payments on our debt. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that we may be unable to refinance or repay our debt as it comes due. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. We rely on information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of the services of our executive officers and key employees could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or war, or other unexpected events may negatively affect our operations, the market price of our capital stock and the value of our debt securities. Any of these occurrences could have a significant adverse impact on our operating results and revenues and on the market price of our capital stock and on the value of our debt securities.