The company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. Negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations. The company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties, and operating environments. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company conducts business in certain countries that have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. The company believes that its policies, practices, and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred. The company is investing for future growth in integrated powertrain, advanced driver assistance, and truck connectivity technologies, and additional capacity and operating efficiency of the company's manufacturing and parts distribution facilities. The company believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt, and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets, and lines of credit. The company is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. The company believes its financial services segment supports a portfolio of loans and leases with total assets that earned pre-tax profit. The company utilizes derivative contracts to match the interest rate characteristics of its debt to the interest rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. The company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions. The company maintains protections to guard against disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases, or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company believes that its historical effective tax rates will be indicative of the company's future tax rates. The company is subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment and believes its policies are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings. The company believes that its investments in worldwide capital projects and R&D have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the company's premium products.