The business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency. We maintain and expand a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels which allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. The decision to retire the Hudson and Mercer units early had and will continue to have a material effect on PSEG's and Power's results of operations through the retirement date. The primary factors considered during our annual five-year strategic planning process that contributed to the decision to retire these units early include significant declines in revenues and margin caused by a sustained period of depressed wholesale power prices and reduced capacity factors caused by lower natural gas prices making coal generation less economically competitive than natural gas-fired generation. We continue to monitor our other coal assets to ensure their economic viability through the end of their designated useful lives and their continued classification as held for use. The precise timing of a change in useful lives may be dependent upon events out of PSEG's and Power's control and may impact our ability to operate or maintain these assets in the future. We are exposed to increases in the price of natural gas, coal, and nuclear fuel, and it is possible that sufficient supplies to operate our generating facilities profitably may not continue to be available to us. Our nuclear facilities and certain of our other generation facilities require fuel that may only be available from one or a limited number of suppliers. The availability and price of this fuel may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions, and force majeure. Our ability to generate cash flow is dependent upon industry conditions and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We expect our capital requirements to be met through internally generated cash flows and external financings. Our investments in transmission infrastructure projects and the modernization of our gas distribution systems are aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices. We must effectively manage construction of our generation projects and advocate for measures to ensure the implementation of market design and transmission planning rules that promote fair and efficient electricity markets. We are subject to regulatory, legislative, and legal risks that could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and could result in fines, penalties, or sanctions. Our operations depend on the retention of key executives and a skilled workforce, and the loss or retirement of key executives could result in various operational challenges. The success of our businesses is dependent on our ability to continue providing safe and reliable service to our customers while minimizing service disruptions. We are exposed to the risk of equipment failures, accidents, severe weather events, or other incidents which could result in damage to or destruction of our facilities or damage to persons or property.