The discovery and development of safe, effective new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our businesses. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in R&D to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. The ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before anticipated market formation is important to that product's profitability. The introduction of competitive products can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. Our success will depend on our ability to bring new products to market quickly. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory or other obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval or commercialization of our products and product candidates and could also result in non-compliance or reputational harm. We also monitor the evolving emerging markets for any unanticipated risk, as certain financial or political events can adversely affect our results. Difficulties or delays in product manufacturing or marketing could affect future results through regulatory actions, shut-downs, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions or shortages. We outsource certain services to third parties, and service performance issues with these third parties may adversely impact the progression of our clinical trial programs. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures, and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of our products. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, as achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. The nature of the biopharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects in an effort to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. We expect that many of these assets will become impaired and be written off at some time in the future. Our ability to realize value on these significant investments is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market acceptance. Our financial reporting depends on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Failure to maintain effective internal control could undermine the ability to provide accurate disclosure and expose us to legal or regulatory proceedings.