The company has remained focused on maintaining its financial strength by adjusting its cost structure to reflect changing demand levels, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and managing its cash. The company regularly executes organizational changes such as acquisitions, divestitures, and realignments to support its growth and cost management strategies. The company also engages in initiatives aimed to increase productivity, efficiencies, and cash flow and to reduce costs. If the company is unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, the ability to complete such activities and realize anticipated synergies or cost savings as well as the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company expects to continue its strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, and entering into joint ventures, which it believes will enhance its operations and profitability. However, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to find suitable businesses to purchase or joint venture opportunities or that it will be able to acquire such businesses or enter into such joint ventures on acceptable terms. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on the company's ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown, or cease to function properly, the company's results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The company has been able to borrow needed funds at affordable interest rates and had a debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio of 39.9 percent at June 30, 2016. The company believes many opportunities for growth are available and intends to focus primarily on business opportunities in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. The company believes it can meet its strategic objectives by serving the customer and continuously enhancing its experience with the company, successfully executing its win strategy initiatives relating to premier customer service, financial performance, and profitable growth, maintaining its decentralized division and sales company structure, fostering an entrepreneurial culture, and engineering innovative systems and products to provide superior customer value through improved service, efficiency, and productivity. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2016 will increase 2017 operating income by approximately 11 percent in the diversified industrial North American business and by approximately 13 percent in the diversified industrial international business. The company expects to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the diversified industrial segment. The company anticipates diversified industrial North American sales for 2017 will range from a decrease of five percent to a decrease of one percent from the 2016 level and diversified industrial international sales for 2017 will increase between one percent and five percent from the 2016 level. The company has established a financial goal of maintaining a ratio of debt to debt-shareholders' equity of no more than 37 percent. The company does not believe that its ability to borrow funds at affordable interest rates has been or will be impacted when the debt to debt-shareholders' equity ratio temporarily exceeds 37 percent.