We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. As a financial services organization, certain elements of risk are inherent in our transactions and operations and are present in the business decisions we make. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities so that we can appropriately balance revenue generation and profitability. We categorize the risks we face as operational, including business continuity, compliance, data management, technology and systems, information security, and third-party risk. Our business and overall financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of poor economic conditions, which may decrease the demand for our products and services and impair the ability of borrowers to repay loans. We manage credit risk by assessing and monitoring the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties, by diversifying our loan portfolio, and by investing primarily in high-quality securities. We depend on the effectiveness and integrity of our employees, systems, and controls to manage operational risks. Errors by our employees or those of third parties could result in customer remediation costs, regulatory fines, litigation, or enforcement actions, potentially damaging our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers. We have taken measures to manage and mitigate this risk, but our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to understand threats from a holistic perspective. We regularly seek to test the effectiveness of and enhance these policies, procedures, and systems. The adverse impact of natural and other disasters could be increased to the extent that there is a lack of preparedness on the part of emergency responders or other organizations that we depend upon. We continually encounter technological change and could falter in our ability to remain competitive in this arena. Our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy customer demands and create efficiencies in our operations. We have established an enterprise risk management framework that includes risk culture, governance, oversight, risk identification, assessments, controls, and monitoring. Our risk appetite represents the organization's desired enterprise risk position, set within our capital-based risk and liquidity capacity to achieve our strategic objectives. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls. We manage liquidity risk to ensure that we can obtain cost-effective funding to meet current and future obligations under both normal and stressful circumstances. Our largest source of liquidity is the customer deposit base generated by our retail and commercial banking businesses. We have established risk management policies and procedures to provide direction and clarity on roles and responsibilities to management and the board of directors. We are also subject to numerous governmental regulations, and the financial services industry continues to be subject to significant regulatory reform initiatives. Our ability to service our obligations and pay dividends to shareholders is largely dependent on the receipt of dividends and advances from our subsidiaries. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information or communications systems could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences to us, including damage to our reputation or a loss of customer business.