Our business can be highly cyclical and subject to seasonal and other variations that can result in significant differences in operating results from quarter to quarter. Negative economic and market conditions, including continued low oil and natural gas prices, may adversely impact our customers' future spending as well as payment for our services and, as a result, our operations and growth. Economic and market conditions specifically affecting any of the industries we serve could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The timing and volume of work we perform may be materially and/or adversely affected by permitting, regulatory or customer-caused delays on projects, adverse weather conditions, and variations in the size, scope, and margins of projects we perform. Our operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, and we may encounter difficulties as a result of delays in design, engineering information, or materials provided by the customer or a third party, schedule changes, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. We may not be able to recover all costs associated with project delays or cancellations, which could impact our reputation or relationships with customers. Our ability to maintain productivity and profitability is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel. Labor shortages or increased labor costs could impair our ability to maintain our business or grow our revenues or profitability. Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to develop and maintain our status as a preferred vendor to our customers. We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of improved economic conditions, lower natural gas prices, and a significant need to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure. We believe that our financial strength will enable us to manage challenges and uncertainties, and we remain optimistic about our near-term and long-term opportunities. The significant improvement in access to natural gas resources from unconventional shale formations has dramatically increased the near- and long-term supply of natural gas in North America. The development of new traditional power generation facilities, as well as renewable energy sources, requires new or expanded transmission infrastructure to transport power to demand centers. We anticipate that future development of new power generation will lead to increased demand for our electric transmission design and construction services. We believe that utilities remain committed to the expansion and strengthening of their transmission infrastructure, with planning, engineering, and funding for many of their projects in place. We believe that our unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset will continue to provide us the foundation to generate long-term value for all of our stakeholders. We continue to focus on the elements of the business that are largely within our control, including costs, the margins we accept on projects, collecting receivables, ensuring quality service, and safely executing on the projects we are awarded.