The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of these risks occur, our business and financial results could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. We cannot provide assurance that the conditions to the completion of the proposed transaction will be satisfied in a timely manner or at all, and if the proposed transaction is not completed, we would not realize any of the expected benefits. The regulatory approvals required in connection with the proposed transaction may not be obtained or may contain materially burdensome conditions. If any conditions or changes to the structure of the proposed transaction are required to obtain these regulatory approvals, they may have the effect of jeopardizing or delaying completion of the proposed transaction or reducing our anticipated benefits. The use of a significant portion of our cash and the incurrence of substantial indebtedness in connection with the financing of the proposed transaction may have an adverse impact on our liquidity, limit our flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. Our business, particularly QCT, expects to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies; decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products or our competitors' integrated circuit products in a portion of their devices; intense competition, particularly in China, as our competitors expand their product offerings and/or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to attract new and/or retain customers; and lengthening replacement cycles in developed regions, where the smartphone industry is mature, premium-tier smartphones are common and consumer demand is increasingly driven by new product launches and/or innovation cycles. We continue to believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us, and certain companies, including unlicensed companies, are delaying execution of new license agreements. While we have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing. We expect that certain companies may continue to be dissatisfied with the need to pay reasonable royalties for the use of our technology and not welcome the success of our business model in enabling new, highly cost-effective competitors to their products. We expect that such companies, and/or governments or regulators, will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our future growth significantly depends on new and expanded product areas, such as RF front-end (RFFE) and adjacent industry segments, such as automotive, IoT, including the connected home, smart cities and wearables, data center, networking, mobile computing, mobile health and machine learning, including robotics, among others. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 4G LTE and 5G technologies, which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. Our strategic activities are generally focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services for voice and data communications. The anticipated benefits of business acquisitions depend in part upon our ability to integrate the businesses in an efficient and effective manner and achieve anticipated synergies. Such integration is complex and time-consuming and involves significant challenges, including, among others: retaining key employees; successfully integrating new employees, technology, products, processes, operations, sales and distribution channels, business models and business systems; retaining customers and suppliers of the businesses; consolidating research and development and/or supply operations; and managing the increased scale, complexity and globalization of our business, operations and employee base.