Our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility. Our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have important effects on our operations and business strategy, potentially placing us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, limiting our ability to borrow additional funds, complete future acquisitions, pay dividends, and make capital expenditures. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments or refinance our indebtedness will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, which may involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of operations and diversion of management's attention. We face intense competition, and if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer. We must develop new products, respond to new technologies, and enhance our existing products in a timely manner to remain competitive. Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems, and a shutdown or failure of these systems could significantly impair our ability to perform necessary functions. Cyberattacks and other external hazards could result in operational disruption, misappropriation of assets, or corruption of data. The occurrence of political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the U.S., including adverse changes in political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements. The occurrence of any of these events could materially harm our business. We evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets when certain indicators of impairment are present. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements and future acquisition activities. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, which will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. The most restrictive covenant in our credit facility limits our ability to incur new debt and requires us to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio. We expect existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by our U.S. operations, and our expected ability to access the capital markets will be sufficient to fund operating requirements in the U.S. for the foreseeable future. Our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving our major objectives.