This form 10-K contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. General economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our operating results. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. Operating in an environment of worsening economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We seek to secure price increases necessary to offset increased costs, improve our operating margins, and earn an adequate return on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. We depend on fuel purchased in the open market to operate our collection and transfer trucks and other equipment used for collection, transfer, and disposal. To manage our exposure to volatility in fuel prices, we have entered into multiple swap agreements whereby we receive or make payments to counterparties should the price of fuel vary from a specified amount. Adverse weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, may limit our operations and increase the costs of collection and disposal. Our collection and landfill operations could be adversely impacted by extended periods of inclement weather or by increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting from climate change. The solid waste industry is a capital-intensive industry, and our capital expenditures may exceed current expectations, which could require us to obtain additional funding for our operations or impair our ability to grow our business. We may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs. Our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills and transfer stations could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may have to dispose of collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our other landfills, either of which could significantly increase our waste disposal costs. We are subject to costly environmental regulations and flow-control regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our operations, and subject us to additional liability. Complying with laws and regulations governing the collection, treatment, storage, transfer, and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes is costly. Our operations also require the use of products whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. We are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors. We may incur additional liability under environmental laws in excess of amounts presently known and accrued. Our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational, and management resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel or to expand or otherwise modify our operations and systems to the extent and in the time required. Our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. Our strategy includes an increasing dependence on technology in our operations; if any of our key technology fails, our business could be adversely affected. A cyber security incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers. We believe that presenting adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We also measure changes in average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue to determine the effectiveness of our pricing strategies.