The risks described below and in other documents that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Our business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery in the United States and other countries and regions in which we do business, or the continuation or worsening of the economic downturn in other countries and regions, may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, funding for working capital needs, expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses, and our investments. We finance a portion of our sales through trade credit. Credit markets remain tight, and some customers who require financing for their businesses have not been able to obtain necessary financing. A continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable. We generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs and obtain funding for other general corporate purposes through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility and other financing facilities. If any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, our cash flow, liquidity or financial condition could be adversely impacted. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. We also depend on the business of our subsidiaries to satisfy our cash needs. If we cannot generate the required cash, we may not be able to make the necessary payments required under our indebtedness. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. Our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire do not meet our expectations. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and our operations in Asia, Europe, South America and other foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity or financial condition. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws, rules and regulations, for which compliance could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. We expect health, safety and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future. Our costs to comply with these laws and regulations may increase as these requirements become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer, employee, supplier or company information could severely harm our business. Despite the security measures we have in place, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or misconduct, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to increase our sensitivity and attention to these threats and seek additional investments and resources to address these threats and enhance the security of our facilities and systems. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. The nature, cost, quantity and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity and financial condition. The uncertainties involved in litigation may ultimately not favor us, and adverse court rulings could affect our operations and encourage an increase in future claims and proceedings.