The current significant oil and gas industry downturn has resulted in reduced demand for oilfield services, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The continued low oil and gas prices have caused a reduction in cash flows for our customers, which has had a significant adverse effect on the financial condition of some of our customers. This has resulted, and may continue to result in, project modifications, delays and cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. The prices for oil and natural gas have historically been volatile and can be affected by a variety of factors, including demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by general economic and business conditions, and political and economic uncertainty and geopolitical unrest. Our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. If we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business may be materially affected by severe weather conditions in areas where we operate. This may entail the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. In addition, if particularly severe weather affects platforms or structures, this may result in a suspension of activities. Cybersecurity risks and threats could adversely affect our business. We rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur. If our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in the loss of our intellectual property or other proprietary information, including customer data, and disruption of our business operations. Since the start of this downturn, and as it deepened during 2016, we have navigated the commercial landscape by balancing pricing concessions and market share and also by proactively removing significant costs through workforce reductions, internal efficiency improvements and strong supply chain management. As a result, we have delivered superior financial results by maintaining pretax operating margins well above 10% and delivering sufficient free cash flow to cover a range of strategic capital investments, as well as our ongoing dividend commitments. After nine quarters of unprecedented activity decline, the business environment stabilized in the third quarter of 2016 and revenue increased slightly in the fourth quarter, suggesting that the bottom of this cycle has been reached. We expect the growth in exploration and production investments in 2017 to be led initially by land operators in North America. These factors taken together are increasing the likelihood of a significant supply deficit in the medium term, which can only be avoided by a broad-based global increase in exploration and production spending. We continue to experience delays in payment from our national oil company customer in Venezuela. Although accounts receivable collections improved during the fourth quarter of 2016, we continue to experience payment delays from many of our customers, attributable to the impact of lower oil and gas prices on the industry.