When evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. These risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. We may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. Severe weather conditions, natural disasters, accidents, equipment failures, explosions, or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and/or prospects. Our businesses are capital-intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and repay outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations. Limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. In difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support new business activities. This could cause us to reduce capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability. Our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the California utilities and other Sempra Energy businesses. These rules could materially adversely affect the LNG terminals, natural gas pipelines, electric generation facilities, or other operations of our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, and/or prospects. The current U.S. administration has previously indicated its intention to renegotiate trade agreements, which could adversely affect imports and exports between Mexico and the U.S. and negatively impact the Mexican economy and the companies with whom we conduct business in Mexico, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, or prospects. Our businesses require numerous permits, licenses, franchise agreements, and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses, or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase. The facilities and infrastructure that we own and in which we have interests may be subject to severe business disruptions, prolonged power outages, property damage, injuries or loss of life, significant decreases in revenues and earnings, and/or significant additional costs to us. The risks such incidents may pose to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as the risks to the surrounding communities, are substantially greater than the risks such incidents may pose to a typical business. Our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, inflation, legal, tax, and economic risks, which we may not be able to fully mitigate with our actions. These risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. In addition, the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. If the credit ratings of Sempra Energy or any of its subsidiaries were downgraded, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase due to the additional risk of our debt. We have significant foreign operations in Mexico and South America. Our businesses are exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and/or prospects may be materially adversely affected by these risks.