The regulatory environment for financial institutions entails significant potential increases in compliance requirements and associated costs, which could have a material adverse effect on BB&T's business and profitability. BB&T is subject to extensive and expanding government regulation and supervision, which can lead to costly enforcement actions while increasing the cost of doing business and limiting BB&T's ability to generate revenue. The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect BB&T, as financial services institutions are interrelated, and BB&T has exposure to many different industries and counterparties. BB&T faces cybersecurity risks that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affecting its business or reputation and creating significant legal and financial exposure. BB&T's business is dependent on the ability to process, record, and monitor a large number of complex transactions, and operational breakdowns could materially adversely affect its operations. BB&T's risk management framework establishes an environment that enables it to achieve superior performance relative to peers, ensuring that BB&T is viewed among the safest of banks and assuring the operational freedom to act on opportunities. Management evaluates and adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment, considering the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity. BB&T's risk culture encourages transparency and open dialogue between all levels in the performance of organizational functions, which is critical for maintaining operational continuity and resilience. The company has established a risk management framework based on a "three lines of defense" model, ensuring effective risk management oversight, measurement, monitoring, and reporting. BB&T's effective risk management measures may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. BB&T's liquidity could be impaired by an inability to access the capital markets, unforeseen outflows of cash, or a reduction in credit ratings. The company maintains a liquid asset buffer to meet unanticipated deposit and loan fluctuations and overall funds management objectives. BB&T's capital management processes ensure it maintains sufficient capital to absorb losses and maintain a highly capitalized position that instills confidence in the bank. The company has contingency funding plans designed to ensure that liquidity sources are sufficient to meet ongoing obligations and commitments, particularly in the event of a liquidity contraction. BB&T's commitment to maintaining a strong reputation in the market is essential for ensuring continued access to client deposits. The ability to raise funding at competitive prices is affected by the rating agencies' views of BB&T's credit quality, liquidity, capital, and earnings. BB&T's risk management framework is designed to ensure that the organization can absorb shocks from external pressures and maintain operational effectiveness, thereby supporting its long-term resilience and adaptability in a turbulent business environment.