Our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of Target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members. We believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at Target is the reputation we have built over many years for serving our primary constituencies: guests, team members, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. To be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve Target's reputation. Negative incidents could lead to tangible adverse effects on our business, including consumer boycotts, lost sales, and difficulties in team member retention and recruiting. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. Our guests are using various devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback about all aspects of our business. We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Providing flexible fulfillment options is complex and may not meet guest expectations for accurate order fulfillment and faster delivery times. If we are unable to attract and retain team members or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, and security breaches. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial repair costs and experience data loss or theft, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We continually make significant technology investments that are intended to help maintain and update our existing computer systems. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and negatively impact guest experience. Changes in our relationships with our vendors, interruptions in our supply chain, or increased commodity costs could adversely affect our results of operations. We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. If our fulfillment network does not operate properly, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks or delivery delays, leading to lost sales and decreased guest confidence. Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations, and significant workforce-related legislative changes could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. We rely on a large, global workforce, and if we do not effectively manage our workforce, our labor costs and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors. We maintain a headquarters location in India and sourcing offices in China, where there has generally been greater political, financial, environmental, and health instability than in the United States. An extended disruption of our operations in these regions could adversely affect our operations supporting stability and maintenance of our digital channels. Our failure to address product safety and sourcing concerns could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. If our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards, we could experience lost sales and increased costs. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, but we may be unable to anticipate techniques used to obtain unauthorized access. If we experience significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to additional enforcement actions and litigation, leading to a loss of guest confidence.