The company must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change, and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. Our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. Competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities, and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. Our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. If the global economy and financial markets are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers. Demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. Our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies, and public and private research institutions. Many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. We may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business. Our business could be affected during periods of uncertainty, and perhaps longer, by the impact of significant developments stemming from political events such as the recent U.S. presidential election or the U.K.'s referendum on membership in the EU. Our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. We place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products, and processes. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products both in the United States and in other countries. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. We rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products pending sale. Any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships. We have significant operations in California, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. A significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. We also rely on our technology infrastructure to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders, and otherwise conduct business. Our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, and other attempts to harm our systems. Despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results. The company's ability to make distributions in future periods will depend on the level of earnings and cash flow in various foreign jurisdictions and on the applicable tax laws in effect at that time. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future.