We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. We make significant investments in research and development to develop new technologies and products to meet changing customer demands. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key raw materials, natural resources and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. We depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. Our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes. Material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results of operations. Our financial condition at the end of 2016 reflects total cash of $3.49 billion, an increase from the end of 2015. Our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. Our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.