The U.S. economic environment was mixed in 2016, with relatively stable consumer conditions somewhat offset by continued weakness in industrial production and soft business investment. The uneven nature of economic growth worldwide and fluctuations in currency markets have continued shifting trade patterns and weakened demand in certain trade lanes. As a result of these circumstances, we continued to adjust our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume levels. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to these changing trends. We have continued to undertake several initiatives to improve flexibility and capacity in our transportation network, improve yield management, and increase operational efficiency and contain costs across all segments. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects, should continue to increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation, and changes in laws, regulations, and policies may alter the landscape in which we do business and affect our costs. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy and interruptions in supplies of these commodities, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Our operations are affected by changes in the exchange rates for local currencies, and we monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates. We have significant international operations, and while the geographical diversity of our operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country, we are continually exposed to changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. We have made significant capital investments in our business, and forecasting projected volume involves many factors which are subject to uncertainty. If we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, either of which would negatively affect our revenues and profitability. Our expenses relating to employee health and retiree health and pension benefits are significant, and we have experienced significant increases in some of these costs due to ongoing increases in healthcare costs. We have agreed to contribute certain amounts to multiemployer benefit plans during the contract period, and future contribution amounts will be determined only through collective bargaining. We may face a permanent loss of customers if we are unable to provide uninterrupted service, and this could adversely affect our business. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Damage to our reputation could reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our financial position. Severe weather and other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business, leading to decreased revenues or increased costs. We recognize that our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical to our organizational resilience.