Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. Our business and future revenues depend heavily on orkambi net product revenues. If we continue to experience challenges with the commercialization of orkambi or if orkambi were to become subject to problems such as safety or efficacy issues, our ability to commercialize orkambi would be impaired. Our long-term success and revenue growth will depend upon our ability to successfully develop new products. Drug development is inherently risky, and we will be required to undertake additional clinical trials before such candidates become eligible for marketing approval. The results of clinical trials and findings from our nonclinical studies for these drug candidates could lead to abrupt changes in our development activities. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability depends on the extent to which we can continue to increase our revenue and control our costs in order to counter any unforeseen difficulties, complications, or other unknown factors that may impair future revenue. Our ability to increase our revenues is dependent on our ability to increase our sales of orkambi, to maintain sales of kalydeco, and to develop and commercialize additional products. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not be able to acquire, in-license, or otherwise obtain rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, or other technologies on acceptable terms or at all. We have a history of incurring losses, and we cannot predict the extent of our future profitability. Our business is dependent on kalydeco net product revenues, and if we are unable to sustain our kalydeco net product revenues, our business will be materially harmed. We expect that cash flows from orkambi and kalydeco, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. Our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on product sales of orkambi and kalydeco. We are subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing, and marketing authorization. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. Our products are subject to continuing regulatory oversight, including the review of additional safety information. If we are unable to effectively manage our operations, our business may suffer. We have expanded and are continuing to expand our global operations and capabilities, which has placed significant demands on our management and our operational, research and development, and financial infrastructure. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials in sufficient numbers and on a timely basis is subject to a number of factors, including the size of the patient population and the nature of the protocol. If we fail to manage our operations effectively, our business may suffer. We have adopted a business continuity plan to address most crises. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data and/or an inability to perform vital corporate functions, which could result in a significant disruption in our research, development, manufacturing, and/or commercial activities.