In an effort to keep our stockholders and the public informed about our business, we may make forward-looking statements. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to implement our business strategy successfully. Implementation of our strategy will require effective management of our operational, financial, and human resources and will place significant demands on those resources. We may not be able to hire or retain the personnel necessary to manage our strategy effectively. A key element of our strategy is yield management through focus on price leadership, which has presented challenges to keep existing business and win new business at reasonable returns. We may be unsuccessful in implementing improvements to operational efficiency, and such efforts may not yield the intended result. Strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio may result in impairments to our assets. Our ability to make strategic acquisitions depends on our ability to identify desirable acquisition targets, negotiate advantageous transactions despite competition for such opportunities, fund such acquisitions on favorable terms, and realize the benefits we expect from those transactions. Execution of our strategy, particularly growth through acquisitions, may cause us to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may divert capital away from our traditional business operations and other financial plans. We continue to seek to divest underperforming and non-strategic assets if we cannot improve their profitability. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations that may result in significant liabilities. There is risk of incurring significant environmental liabilities in the use, treatment, storage, transfer, and disposal of waste materials. We could be liable if our operations cause environmental damage to our properties or to the property of other landowners. We generally seek to work with the authorities or other persons involved in these proceedings to resolve any issues raised. If we are not successful, the adverse outcome of one or more of these proceedings could result in, among other things, material increases in our costs or liabilities as well as material charges for asset impairments. Our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence, interest rates, and access to capital markets. A weak economy generally results in decreased consumer spending and decreases in volumes of waste generated, which decreases our revenues. Our ability to meet our financial and operating objectives depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain the permits necessary to operate landfill sites. Permits to build, operate, and expand solid waste management facilities have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. We have significant financial obligations relating to final capping, closure, post-closure, and environmental remediation at our existing landfills. We establish accruals for these estimated costs, but we could underestimate such accruals because of the types of waste collected and the manner in which it is transported and disposed of. Environmental regulatory changes could accelerate or increase capping, closure, post-closure, and remediation costs, requiring our expenditures to materially exceed our current accruals. We are increasingly dependent on technology in our operations, and if our technology fails, our business could be adversely affected. We may experience problems with the operation of our current information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, as well as the development and deployment of new information technology systems, that could adversely affect, or even temporarily disrupt, all or a portion of our operations until resolved. We closely monitor and manage landfills to minimize the risk of waste mass instability, releases of hazardous materials, and odors that could be triggered by weather or natural disasters. While we seek to minimize our exposure to such risks through comprehensive training, compliance, and response and recovery programs, as well as vehicle and equipment maintenance programs, if we were to incur substantial liabilities in excess of any applicable insurance, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.