The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. General economic conditions and other economic factors, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, demand for the products and services we sell, our market share, and the growth of our business. The retail business is highly competitive, and a failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geopolitical events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs, and distribution facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. The occurrence of these events could disrupt and adversely affect our operations in the areas in which they occur. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, and any interruption may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Any failure to provide attractive, user-friendly secure e-commerce platforms that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers could place us at a competitive disadvantage. We are also subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, and any breach of our security measures could materially adversely affect our business and operating results. Our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally. If we are unable to locate, attract, or retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease, adversely affecting our financial performance. Our business strategy includes opening new units and growing comparable store sales, and our ability to expand depends on our ability to locate, hire, and retain qualified personnel and acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. We may also enter into strategic alliances to support the expansion of our digital retail operations, and any strategic alliance may not generate the level of e-commerce or other sales we anticipate. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations. The potential imposition of new tariffs or other restrictions on trade could increase the cost to us of merchandise and materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations are subject to legislative, judicial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, political, and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance.