In addition to the other information set forth in this 2016 annual report, any of the factors described could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline. The animal health industry is competitive, and our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions. We face challenges related to economic downturns, which could decrease the demand for our products and hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. Our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry, and perceived adverse effects on human health linked to the consumption of food derived from animals that utilize our products could cause a decline in the sales of such products. Increased regulation or decreased governmental financial support relating to the raising, processing, or consumption of food-producing animals could reduce demand for our livestock products. An outbreak of infectious disease carried by animals could negatively affect the sale and production of our products. Sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals, as well as reduced consumption and demand for animal protein. Furthermore, adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources could impact our operations, as livestock producers depend on the availability of fresh water. The unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances. We have launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios and optimizing our resource allocation and efficiency. This initiative includes the elimination of approximately 5,000 product stock keeping units and planning to sell or exit certain manufacturing sites over the long term. We must also attract, retain, and motivate key employees who are critical to our business. If we are unable to effectively execute this new business model and transition key roles, it may adversely impact our business. Our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. We believe we are an industry leader in animal health research and development, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. The concept of resilience draws attention to systems as well as individuals, to partial maintenance of integrity and performance, to the opposite of brittleness, and to disturbances that vary both in scale and source. We are committed to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers who raise and care for them. Our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders. The operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy are expected to lead to improved operational flexibility and adaptability in response to external pressures and changing market conditions.