Abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business, which may be vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation, or breakdown. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may in the future result in the failure of critical business operations. Such breaches may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, or personal information belonging to Abbvie, its patients, customers, or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Although Abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that such efforts will prevent material breakdowns or breaches in Abbvie's information technology systems that could have a material adverse effect on Abbvie's business. Such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue or the loss of critical or sensitive information from Abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or IT systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational, or business harm to Abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs. Abbvie's operations are highly dependent upon third-party service providers. Abbvie relies on suppliers, vendors, and other third-party service providers to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, promote, and sell its products. Reliance on third-party manufacturers reduces Abbvie's oversight and control of the manufacturing process. Some of these third-party providers are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, privacy and security risks, and market risks of their own. The failure of a critical third-party service provider to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on Abbvie's operations and results. Abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. The risks associated with Abbvie's operations outside the United States include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs, and multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict Abbvie's ability to manufacture, market, and sell its products. Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. Abbvie intends to execute its strategy and advance its mission by leveraging Abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches. The company must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand, achieving market acceptance, and generating product sales. If the commercialization of Abbvie's principal products is unsuccessful, Abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected. Abbvie's ability to realize value on significant investments is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market conditions. The company must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to Abbvie's business practices and operations, refunds, recalls, or seizures of Abbvie's products, and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. The company cannot predict with certainty when additional changes in the healthcare industry will occur or what the impact of such changes may be.