Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risks described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our customers. However, the ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements or ethical considerations. Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors and our employees, contractors and temporary staff. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. We may be sued by third parties for infringement of their proprietary rights, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. We continue to drive innovation by anticipating our clients' evolving needs and always designing for people as the world of work changes. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments.