We rely upon a number of internal business processes and information systems to support key business functions, and the efficient operation of these processes and systems is critical to our business. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, insider threat attacks, unauthorized system or data modifications, data breaches and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm and disruption or damage to our business. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. The success of our business is dependent upon our ability to introduce products on a timely basis with features and performance levels that provide value to our customers while supporting and coinciding with significant industry transitions. Our ability to develop, qualify and distribute, and have manufactured, new products and related technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, at prices acceptable to our customers and on a timely basis, are significant factors in determining our competitiveness in our target markets. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components to support our business and products. We also rely on our AIB partners to support our products. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes and internal controls. We outsource to third parties certain supply-chain logistics functions, including portions of our product distribution, transportation management and information technology support services. Our inability to effectively control the sales of our products on the gray market could have a material adverse effect on us. We may encounter difficulties in upgrading and operating our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which could materially adversely affect us. If we cannot adequately protect our technology or other intellectual property in the United States and abroad, through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks and other measures, we may lose a competitive advantage and incur significant expenses. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our intellectual property or other sensitive information, be costly to remediate or cause significant damage to our business, reputation and operations. We maintain sensitive data on our information technology (IT) assets, and also may maintain sensitive information on our business partners' and third-party providers' IT assets, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. Cyber threats have and may come into our network through malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software, compromised commercial software or security vulnerabilities in our products or those of a third party that are being used by attackers prior to mitigations being put in place. Our relationships with our customers could be adversely affected as some of our customers may stop purchasing our products, reduce or delay future purchases of our products, or use competing products. We anticipate ongoing and increasing costs related to enhancing and implementing information security controls, including costs related to upgrading application, computer, and network security components; training workers to maintain and monitor our security controls; investigating, responding to and remediating any data security breach, and addressing any related litigation; mitigating reputational harm; and complying with external regulations.