We rely extensively on information technology systems and networks to operate our company and meet our business objectives. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of highly skilled labor, raw materials, and other components. The commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor performed by thousands of employees of ours and other partners, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. We continue to monitor the health and stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight to address cybersecurity risks. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security or our information technology systems, extreme weather, or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. Unauthorized access to our, our customers', and/or our suppliers' information and systems could negatively impact our business. We also manage information and information technology systems for certain customers and/or suppliers, many of whom face similar security threats. If we were unable to protect against the unauthorized access, release, and/or corruption of our customers' and/or suppliers' confidential, classified, or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial or other losses. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, certification, and production schedules. The complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended, which could trigger termination provisions, order cancellations, or other financially significant exposure. We are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. We expect BGS commercial revenues to remain strong in future quarters as the commercial airline industry continues to recover. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The demand outlook for our government services business has remained stable. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability, and implement productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic, influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, and technological advances.