The corporation's operational and security systems infrastructure, including computer systems, emerging technologies, data management, and internal processes and controls, are integral to performance. Effective management of business continuity increasingly depends on the security, reliability, and adequacy of such systems. The reliance on information technology infrastructure to operate businesses remotely has increased due to the growing number of employees working from home and evolving customer preferences, including increased reliance on digital banking and other digital services. The corporation's operational risk exposure exists throughout its organization and as a result of interactions with third parties and the financial services industry infrastructure. The corporation has a comprehensive global information security program focused on preparing for, preventing, detecting, mitigating, responding to, and recovering from cyber threats and incidents. The corporation's ability to manage risks associated with technology and cybersecurity is critical, as operational disruptions could result from events arising from natural disasters, significant increases in customer transactions, or failures of aging infrastructure. The corporation's risk management framework requires strong risk management practices integrated into key strategic, capital, and financial planning processes. The corporation employs a comprehensive approach to risk management with a defined risk framework and risk appetite statement, which are approved annually. The enterprise risk committee oversees the corporation's risk framework, risk appetite, and senior management's responsibilities for identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling key risks. The corporation's strategic risk management is embedded in every business and is one of the major risk categories. The corporation's strategic plan is consistent with its risk appetite, capital plan, and liquidity requirements, addressing strategic risks impacting each business. The corporation's technology capabilities are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting business needs. The corporation's investment in technology is aimed at enhancing customer relationships and improving operational flexibility. The corporation's liquidity risk management objective is to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral requirements while continuing to support its businesses and customers under various economic conditions. The corporation's funding and liquidity risk management practices include maintaining liquidity at the parent and selected subsidiaries, determining appropriate liquidity amounts based on analysis of debt maturities and potential cash outflows, and diversifying funding sources. The corporation's reliance on a diversified mix of businesses delivering a broad range of financial products and services is critical for its competitive positioning. The corporation's ability to adapt its business strategies, products, and services in a timely manner is essential for maintaining its market value and responding to changing consumer demands. The corporation's operational risk management includes assessing and monitoring compliance and operational risks, including those arising from third-party relationships. The corporation's governance framework establishes oversight of climate risk practices and strategies by the board, supported by its enterprise risk committee, as well as the responsible growth committee. The corporation's climate risk management efforts are overseen by an executive officer who reports to the chief risk officer. The corporation's ability to achieve its climate-related goals and commitments is subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of its control, including technological advances and public policies.