We rely on information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to manufacture and ship our products, as well as to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Various factors may cause system failures or security breaches, including power outages, natural disasters, inadequate or ineffective backups, issues with upgrading or creating new systems or platforms, vulnerabilities in third-party software or services, errors by our staff or third-party service providers, or breaches in the security of these technologies. We have established controls and procedures to escalate enterprise-level issues, including cybersecurity matters, to the appropriate management levels within our organization and our board of directors. Cybersecurity risks have heightened due to international conflicts, including the Russia/Ukraine war and tension between China/Taiwan. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competencies in order to remain competitive. Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, R&D pipeline, and product portfolio. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. The successful integration of acquired businesses is critical to achieving synergies, increasing sales of our products, and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. We have undertaken restructuring and optimization initiatives to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. Our 2023 restructuring plan is intended to meet evolving global market demands and conditions by ensuring that we are structured and resourced to support our strategic imperatives and deliver sustainable value. Key activities under this plan will include optimizing certain functional capabilities to better support business growth and achieve cost synergies. We rely on the proper function, availability, and security of IT systems to operate our business, and any failure to maintain or protect our IT or OT systems could result in outages or unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property, or other misappropriation of assets. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and the increasing need to protect patient and customer information. The ability to attract and retain key talent is critical to our IT capability, as our business depends significantly on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, as well as the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees.