Difficult market and geopolitical conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings, and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition. Our business is materially affected by financial market and economic conditions and events throughout the world that are outside our control. Such conditions can adversely affect our business, including reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital and making it more difficult for our funds to realize value from existing investments. In addition, we may need to reduce our fixed costs and other expenses in order to maintain profitability, including cutting back or eliminating the use of certain services or service providers, which could be important to our business. A failure to manage or reduce our costs and other expenses within a time frame sufficient to match any decrease in profitability would adversely affect our operating performance. The performance of our funds' investments could be adversely affected by inflation, higher interest rates, and a rising cost of capital, particularly for traditional office properties and those with long-term leases that do not provide for short-term rent increases to offset these factors. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine and the global response, including sanctions, has significantly impacted the global economy and financial markets. Our funds' portfolio companies may also have difficulty expanding their businesses and operations or meeting their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due, including expenses payable to us. Negative market conditions could potentially result in a portfolio company entering bankruptcy proceedings, leading to a complete loss of the fund's investment in such portfolio company. Cybersecurity and data protection risks could result in the loss of data, interruptions in our business, and damage to our reputation, and subject us to regulatory actions, increased costs, and financial losses. Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms, and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from various external sources, including cyber criminals and nation-state hackers, as well as from the malicious or accidental acts of insiders. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Our management and advisory fees are derived from a variety of sources, including management fees based on committed capital or invested capital during the investment period, and performance revenues that are contingent upon achieving certain investment returns. The determination of fair value for investments held by our funds is a significant input into the calculation of management fees, incentive fees, and performance allocations. Our ability to achieve attractive rates of return on investments will depend on our ability to access sufficient sources of indebtedness at attractive rates. The performance of our funds is also subject to the risks associated with the ownership and operation of real estate and the construction and development of real estate, which may include changes in supply and demand, interest rates, and regulatory requirements. The management of our business is subject to extensive regulation, which may increase compliance costs and create additional burdens. Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors depends on various factors, including market conditions and investor sentiment, which could inhibit or restrict investments in our funds.