The availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business, processing a high volume of transactions, conducting payment transactions, tracking and valuing our inventory, and producing reports critical for making business decisions. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations, including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with virtually all of our business activities. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. While we train our employees as part of our security efforts, that training cannot be completely effective. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. It is possible that our IT systems and networks, or those managed by third parties, could have vulnerabilities that could go unnoticed for a period of time. The potential impacts of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. We are also subject to payment-related risks, including compliance with evolving payment card association and network operating rules, which include data security rules. Our ability to manage these risks effectively is essential to maintaining our operational efficiency and competitive position. Our investments in information systems are critical for supporting our business processes and enhancing our operational capabilities. We must ensure that our IT governance structures are robust enough to support our strategic objectives and respond to the dynamic challenges presented by the market and technological advancements. The effectiveness of our IT capabilities directly influences our ability to adapt to changing consumer demands and market conditions, thereby impacting our overall business performance and financial results.