We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta and tecartus. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until launched or after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. Significant cybersecurity incidents could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations. We rely on third-party sites to collect patients' white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients' white blood cells and ultimate delivery of yescarta and tecartus to patients. These vendors may encounter disruptions or difficulties that could result in product loss and regulatory action. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We face risks associated with our global operations, including foreign currency exchange, interest rates, inflation, and anti-bribery laws. Our strategic priorities for 2023 and beyond reflect how we plan to deliver those ambitions, including maximizing near-term revenue growth and removing barriers to speed in execution. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products. If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, our business will be adversely impacted. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise. Our existing products are subject to reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, required rebates and other discounts on our products and other pricing pressures. The successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. We may not be able to accurately predict demand for our products, including the uptake of new products, as demand depends on a number of factors. Our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business.