Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they use computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Omnichannel and digital retail is quickly evolving, and we must anticipate and meet our customers' expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed, and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use, and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. Our ability to collect, use, and share such data is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security, as well as the change of third-party policies restricting data collection, use, and sharing. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required, and will continue to require, new competencies in many positions, and our management, associates, and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we fail to provide a consistent experience for our customers, regardless of sales channel, if our technology systems do not meet our customers' expectations, if we are unable to counteract new developments and innovations implemented by our competitors, or if we are unable to attract, retain, and manage the talent succession of additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives and drive the changes that are essential to successfully adapting our business concept in the rapidly changing retail environment. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade, and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining, and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing, and fulfillment. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks, and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result, we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. In particular, the company is undergoing a multi-year technology transformation which includes updating and modernizing our merchandise selling system, as well as certain accounting and finance systems. We may not be able to achieve the anticipated benefits of these investments and may experience operational challenges such as delays or errors in implementation, security failures such as loss or corruption of data, reputational harm, increased costs, and other significant disruptions. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, associate, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets, and such information. Cyber attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission-critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high-profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods.