Our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are developing privacy enhancing technologies to deliver relevant ads and measurement capabilities while reducing the amount of personal information we process, including by relying more on anonymized or aggregated third-party data. We are also making significant investments in artificial intelligence and machine learning to improve our delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products that deliver ad impressions. Our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in our service, are critical to our operations. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products from time to time. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection, as well as obligations under our modified consent order with the FTC. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical and complex. Errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which we rely, or human error in using such systems, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, outcomes including a negative experience for users and marketers who use our products, compromised ability to protect the data of our users, or reductions in our ability to provide some or all of our services. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends on the engagement of users with our products and competing products, our ability to attract and retain businesses who use our free or paid business and advertising services, and our ability to establish and maintain developers' interest in building applications that integrate with our products. Our investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and headcount will continue to drive expense growth, which will adversely affect our operating margin and profitability. We expect our investments in virtual and augmented reality and other technologies to support our metaverse efforts will be complex, evolving, and long-term initiatives that may not yield immediate financial returns.