The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. The company could be a target of future cyber-attacks that could lead to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, complex information technology systems, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations. Certain of these systems are managed, hosted, provided, or used by third parties to assist in conducting the company's business. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the company's employees, third parties with authorized access, or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems, such as cloud-based systems, could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to replace outmoded technology and improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition; the use of which can create new risks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that the company's efforts to protect its data and IT systems or the efforts of third-party providers to protect their IT systems will be successful in preventing disruptions to the company's operations, including its manufacturing, research, and sales operations. Such disruptions have in the past and could in the future result in loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from the company's or the company's third-party providers' databases or IT systems and have in the past and could in the future also result in financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to the company and substantial remediation costs. The company is also exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates. The company operates in multiple jurisdictions and virtually all sales are denominated in currencies of the local jurisdiction. Additionally, the company has entered and will enter into business development transactions, borrowings, or other financial transactions that may give rise to currency and interest rate exposure. Since the company cannot, with certainty, foresee and mitigate against such adverse fluctuations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates, and inflation could negatively affect the company's business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations. The company is currently subject to a number of government laws and regulations and, in the future, could become subject to new government laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with such laws and regulations, or the negative results of non-compliance, could adversely affect the business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects of the company. The company is also increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure.