Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The highly competitive nature of our industry may limit our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including those that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We strive to balance our demand and supply for each technology node, but the dynamics of our markets and our customers can create periods of imbalance, which can lead us to carry elevated inventory levels. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers and service providers. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory and storage technologies. Our key semiconductor memory and storage technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We may be unable to recover our investment in R&D or otherwise realize the economic benefits of reducing die size or increasing memory and storage densities. Our inability to supply products that meet customer design and performance specifications may require us to sell such products at lower average selling prices. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our construction projects to expand production and R&D capacity are highly dependent on available sources of labor, materials, equipment, and services. Our inability to source materials, supplies, capital equipment, or third-party services could affect our overall production output and our ability to fulfill customer demand. Our ability to procure components to repair equipment essential for our manufacturing processes could also be negatively impacted by various restrictions or disruptions in supply chains. Breaches of our security systems or products, or those of our customers, suppliers, or business partners, could expose us to losses. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities and manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Unauthorized access to our facilities or technology infrastructure and systems may compromise confidential information. The technology infrastructure and systems of our suppliers, vendors, service providers, and partners have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, cyberattacks, which could impact our operations. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive. Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments depends on our ability to generate significant cash flows or obtain external financing in the future. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.