Our success depends upon our ability to develop and sell new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, and support services in a timely manner, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. There are changes in information technology (IT) trends that we do not adequately anticipate or address with our product development efforts. Our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Oracle Cloud Software-as-a-Service and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. As customer demand for our cloud offerings increases, we experience volatility in our reported revenues and operating results due to the differences in timing of revenue recognition between our cloud license and on-premise license arrangements. We may not be able to accurately anticipate customer transitions from or sufficiently backfill reduced customer demand for our license, hardware, and support offerings relative to the expected increase in customer adoption of and demand for our Oracle Cloud services. We plan our investment levels based on estimates of future revenues and anticipated rates of growth. Our cloud services and license support expenses have grown to meet current and expected demand for our cloud offerings, including investments to increase our existing data center capacity and to establish data centers in new geographic locations. Our cloud services and license support revenues represented 71% of our total revenues during each of fiscal 2022 and 2021. We believe these factors should contribute to future growth in our cloud and license business' total revenues, which should enable us to continue to make investments in research and development and our cloud operations to develop, improve, increase the capacity of, and expand the geographic footprint of our cloud and license products and services. The intense competition we face in the sales of our products and services could put pressure on us to change our prices. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or introduce pricing models that are less favorable to us. Our hardware business may adversely affect our total revenues and overall profitability due to a focus on certain of our more profitable Oracle engineered systems and certain other hardware products we consider strategic. Our hardware revenues and profitability have declined and could continue to decline. We may not achieve our estimated revenue, profit, or other financial projections with respect to our hardware business due to changes in strategies and frequency for the development and introduction of new versions of our hardware products. Our services business helps customers and partners maximize the performance of their investments in Oracle applications and infrastructure technologies. We believe that our services are differentiated based on our focus on Oracle technologies, extensive experience, broad sets of intellectual property, and best practices. Our selective and active acquisition program is another important element of our corporate strategy. We continue to review and consider strategic acquisitions of companies, products, services, and technologies, which have been an important element of our overall corporate strategy. We may face difficulties managing an acquired company's technologies or lines of business, entering new markets, or retaining key personnel from the acquired companies. Our ongoing business may be disrupted, and our management's attention may be diverted by acquisition, transition, or integration activities.