Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including the need to effectively manage future growth and improve our systems, processes, and controls. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings place a significant strain on our management, operational, and financial resources. To manage future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. The ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant global, social, and business disruption, affecting our end-customers' spending and potentially leading to delays or deferrals in purchasing decisions. Our ability to sell our products and subscriptions is dependent on the quality of our technical support services and those of our channel partners, and the failure to offer high-quality technical support services could adversely affect our end-customers' satisfaction with our products and subscriptions. We must continually change our products and expand our business strategy in response to changes in network infrastructure requirements, including the expanding use of cloud computing. Our cybersecurity platforms and services help secure enterprise users, networks, clouds, and endpoints by delivering comprehensive cybersecurity backed by industry-leading artificial intelligence and automation. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products are essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our subscription and support revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 75.2% of total revenue in fiscal 2022, and we recognize subscription and support revenue over the term of the relevant service period, which is typically one to five years. Our existing systems, processes, and controls may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud, and we may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems, processes, and controls or in connection with third-party software licensed to help us with such improvements. We have experienced growth in recent periods, and if we do not effectively manage any future growth or are unable to improve our systems, processes, and controls, our operating results could be adversely affected. Our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and subscriptions to our existing end-customers is critical to our success. We face intense competition in our market, and many of our existing competitors have substantial competitive advantages such as greater name recognition and longer operating histories. Our reliance on our channel partners to sell substantially all of our products, including subscriptions and support, means that if these channel partners fail to perform, our ability to sell and distribute our products and subscriptions will be limited, and our operating results will be harmed. Our current research and development efforts may not produce successful products, subscriptions, or features that result in significant revenue, cost savings, or other benefits in the near future. We must commit significant resources to developing new features and new cloud security, AI/analytics, and other offerings before knowing whether our investments will result in products, subscriptions, and features the market will accept.