Our financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has required and may continue to require us to make controversial decisions about precautionary measures, such as vaccinations and face coverings, that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, our employee retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to buy our products. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes including for administrative functions, point-of-sale processing and payment in our stores and online, management of our supply chain, Starbucks cards, online business, delivery services, mobile technology, including mobile payments and ordering apps, reloads and loyalty functionality and various other processes and transactions, and many of these systems are interdependent on one another for their functionality. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth, including our ability to increase digital relationships with our customers to drive incremental traffic and spend, is highly dependent on our technology systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our reliance on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support may expose us to risks if they do not satisfactorily fulfill their responsibilities and commitments. We believe our customers expect the same quality of service regardless of whether they visit a licensed or company-operated store, so we provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control, including financial constraints, adherence to sanitation protocols, labor shortages, and other factors. Our business strategy includes driving convenience, brand engagement, and digital relationships through our mobile, loyalty, delivery, and digital capabilities both domestically and internationally. We are also evolving our product lineup to include more local or smaller suppliers for some of our products who may not have as rigorous quality and safety systems and protocols as larger or more national suppliers. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our social and environmental program goals as well as the success of the reinvention plan, which requires company-wide coordination and alignment. Our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages, lack of customer acceptance of new products, brands, and platforms, or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced. We have experienced, and could continue to experience, a shortage of labor for store positions, including due to market trends and conditions such as continued concerns around COVID-19, the availability of new telecommuting employment options, and other factors, which could decrease the pool of available qualified talent for key functions. Our ability to attract and retain corporate, retail, and other personnel is also acutely impacted in certain international and domestic markets where the competition for a relatively small number of qualified employees is intense or in markets where large high-tech companies are able to offer more competitive salaries and benefits.