Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. Cybersecurity, technology, and innovation risks are heightened due to our size, scale, and role in global markets, exposing us to risks related to cybersecurity and the protection of confidential information. We face vulnerabilities in widely deployed third-party software, which require us to devote time and resources to remediation regularly. The unauthorized disclosure of material non-public information could damage our customers' competitive positions and cause them to lose faith in our ability to protect their confidential information. Our ability to develop, adapt, or implement new and improved processes and technology may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all markets in which we operate, necessitating the deployment of improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are transitioning our technology to cloud-based infrastructure, which is complex, time-consuming, and can involve substantial expenditures. Our utilization of cloud services is critical to developing and providing products and services to our customers, scaling our business for future growth, accurately maintaining data, and otherwise operating our business. The integration of businesses following our merger with IHS Markit involves significant costs, resources, and challenges, which may materially adversely impact the anticipated synergies of the merger and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems, and applications to support key product and service offerings. Our ability to deliver products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. We are exposed to additional cybersecurity risks as we continue our integration with IHS Markit, which may adversely affect our relationships with employees, suppliers, customers, and others. Our strategy includes enhancing customer support and seamless user experience with a focus on ease of discoverability, distribution, and delivery of our products and services and integrated capabilities. We are also focused on efficient integration, accessibility, and governance of enterprise data assets, with an initial focus on sustainability data, data science, and enterprise-wide data management. Our commitment to risk management, compliance, and control across S&P Global is ongoing, and we are creating a more sustainable impact. The markets in which we operate continuously change to adapt to customer needs, and our inability to innovate and compete with new or enhanced products and services could impact our profitability. We face significant challenges in integrating processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies, and systems following our merger. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is dependent on various factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent.