Our ability to compete will depend upon, among other things, continued absolute and relative improvement in network quality, capacity and customer service, effective marketing and selling of products and services, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which will involve significant expenses. We face increased competition from other service providers in the connectivity sector from within and outside of the wireless industry, including from cable, fiber and satellite providers, as industry sectors converge. We expect the wireless industry's customer growth rate to moderate over time in comparison with historical growth rates, leading to ongoing competition for customers. This competition and increasing demands for data services will continue to put pressure on pricing and margins as companies, including us, compete for a relatively fixed pool of customers with an ever-expanding variety of products and services. Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our customers, such as sensitive personal, account and payment card information, and other sensitive information about our company, such as our business plans, transactions, financial information, and intellectual property. We routinely provide certain confidential information to third-party providers whose products and services are used in our business operations, including as part of our IT systems, such as cloud services. These third-party providers have experienced in the past, and will continue to experience in the future, cyberattacks that involve attempts to obtain unauthorized access to our confidential information and/or to create operational disruptions that could adversely affect our business. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks, given the nature of our business, and we expect the same with respect to our third-party providers. If we fail to protect confidential information or to prevent operational disruptions from future cyberattacks, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Significant technological changes continue to impact our industry. In order to grow and remain competitive, we will need to adapt to changes in available technology, continually invest in our network, increase network capacity, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to meet our current and potential customers' changing service demands. Enhancing our network, including the ongoing deployment of our 5G network, is subject to risks related to equipment changes and the migration of customers from older technologies. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business. Our business could be harmed if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders is extremely competitive. We believe our future success depends in substantial part on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, develop, and retain talented personnel for all areas of our organization. Our procedures and safeguards to prevent unauthorized access to confidential information and to defend against cyberattacks seeking to disrupt our operations must be continually evaluated and enhanced to address the ever-evolving threat landscape and changing cybersecurity regulations. These preventative actions require the investment of significant resources and management time and attention. We expect to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and replacing employees, and we may lose significant expertise and talent. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks - those of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own - to provide and support our service offerings. System, network, or infrastructure failures resulting from a number of causes may prevent us from providing reliable service. Such events could cause us to lose customers and revenue, incur expenses, suffer reputational damage, and subject us to fines, penalties, adverse actions or judgments, litigation, or governmental investigations.