We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital or do not deploy sufficient capital in a timely manner to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, we may suffer a rail service outage or competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data; however, we have experienced and will likely continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to identify, prevent, or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents or attacks do occur. A successful cyber-attack could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are committed to improving our transportation plan, adding capacity, and enhancing our ability to address surges in demand with adequate resources. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of predictive technology to reduce variability by seeking to identify causes of mainline service interruptions and develop solutions. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate exposure to risk, detect rail defects, and improve or close crossings. We expect to generate strong cash flow from operating activities allowing us to continue our industry-leading dividend payout ratio and commit excess cash to our share repurchase programs. Our capital plan includes investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network and continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet. The plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We have been making efforts to convert truck traffic to rail, and we face competition from other railroads, motor carriers, ships, barges, and pipelines. Our main railroad competitor operates parallel routes in many of our main traffic corridors. We also face competition with respect to transit times, quality, and reliability of service. Improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the costs of alternative modes of transportation could adversely affect our competitive position. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and changes in legislative or regulatory frameworks could affect our operations. Our operations are also subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, and we maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility, to meet foreseeable cash requirements. Our ability to quickly react to factors affecting our ability to attract and retain employees may be restricted due to limited flexibility to make unilateral changes to collective bargaining agreements. We rely on technology improvements in our business operations, and our ability to effectively support business needs has become a key in transforming our firm into a competitive force.