We rely on information technology ("IT") networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications, as well as certain technology systems from third-party vendors, to operate our business. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also rely on IT systems to manage their business processes and activities. We regularly move data across national borders and are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations in the U.S. and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security. The scope of these laws is often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. IT systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, and shutdowns due to programming errors, defects or other vulnerabilities, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, ransomware or malware attacks, attacks by foreign governments and state-sponsored actors, theft, misconduct by employees or other insiders, telecommunications failures, misuse, human errors, or other catastrophic events. These events, which have become more frequent and sophisticated, could cause material service outages, allow inappropriate or block legitimate access to systems or information, or result in other material interruptions in our business. We also depend on and interact with the IT networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our operations, including our customers, franchisees, and service providers such as cloud service providers and third-party delivery services. Increased security requirements impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could materially adversely affect us. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in IT security initiatives, IT risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The costs and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex, and sophisticated cyber threats and regulatory requirements. Our customers' confidence in our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations could be impacted, further disrupting our operations. We expect to continue to face significant competition, which could materially adversely affect us. Our industry is rapidly evolving, including demands for faster deliveries and increased visibility into shipments. Competitors include various motor carriers, express companies, freight forwarders, air couriers, large transportation and e-commerce companies that have made and continue to make significant investments in their own logistics capabilities. We have made several public statements regarding our intended reduction of carbon emissions, including our goal to achieve carbon neutrality in our global operations by 2050. Our ability to meet our goals will depend in part on significant technological advancements with respect to the development and availability of reliable, affordable, and sustainable alternative solutions that are outside of our control. We continue to execute our customer-first, people-led, innovation-driven strategy, focusing on the parts of our market that value our integrated global network and building capabilities that matter to our customers. We anticipate that the cost per piece growth rate will be elevated in the first quarter of 2023 and will then moderate throughout the remainder of the year. We expect our productivity initiatives will continue to help offset rising compensation and benefit costs. Our strategic execution strengthened our balance sheet and resulted in the generation of strong cash flows for the year. We retired $2.0 billion of debt, reinvested in the business, and returned cash to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases.