We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. In the course of our business, we collect, store, and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, employee theft or misuse, power disruptions, natural disasters, floods, or accidents could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. While we have implemented security measures to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. Cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. They are often carried out by well-resourced and skilled parties, including nation states, organized crime groups, and employees or contractors acting carelessly or with malicious intent. Our key business partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security. The increasing use of cloud technologies heightens these third-party and other operational risks, and any failure by cloud or other technology service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of confidential or proprietary information. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies, and the integration following any such acquisition may disrupt our business and management. We depend on third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials. We may not be able to maintain our third-party relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We rely on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers and our internal capabilities to manufacture product candidates for clinical trials as well as our medicines for commercial use. Our success in rapidly developing and commercializing our CF medicines may increase the resources that our competitors allocate to the development of potential competitive treatments. If one or more competing therapies are successfully developed as a treatment for people with CF or any of the other diseases we are currently targeting in our pipeline, our products and our net product revenues could face competitive pressures. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, as we require the services of highly qualified and trained scientists who have the skills necessary to conduct our activities. The high cost of living can make it difficult to attract employees to our global headquarters. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on creating transformative medicines for serious diseases.