The report discloses that the company faces risks related to software and information systems, noting that “references to products also includes software” and that “slower adoption of new technologies” may lengthen sales cycles and depress demand. It acknowledges the need to “establish . . . infrastructure or processes” to support a planned separation and observes “rapid technological development (particularly with respect to computing, mobile connectivity, communications and digitization)” as a major challenge and opportunity, prompting “significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources . . . to be responsive to the company’s customers throughout the world and improve the efficiency of the company’s operations.” The company’s success in a “highly competitive business environment” also “depends in particular on its ability . . . to develop innovative and differentiated new products, services and software” and “acquire or obtain rights to third-party technologies,” as well as to “innovate and develop new technologies and applications.” The business performance discussion highlights sales growth initiatives and “product development, sales and marketing growth investments” as key drivers. In assessing its technology backbone, the company states that “we rely on our information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information (including sensitive data . . . ), and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities,” while warning that these “systems may be damaged, disrupted or shut down” by events such as cyber-attacks and that “security breaches of our systems . . . could result in the misappropriation, destruction or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information.” This underscores the importance of protecting “information confidentiality, connectivity and access” to maintain operational continuity, regulatory compliance and competitive advantage.