Based upon our diverse range of defense, homeland security and information technology products and services, we believe that this makes it less likely that cuts in any specific contract or program will have a long-term effect on our business. Our main areas of focus are in defense, space, intelligence, homeland security and information technology, including cybersecurity. The Information Systems & Global Solutions business segment provides advanced technology systems and expertise, integrated information technology solutions and management services across a broad spectrum of applications for civil, defense, intelligence and other government customers. In addition, the Mission Systems and Training business segment supports the needs of customers in cybersecurity and delivers communication and command and control capabilities through complex mission solutions for defense applications. We are facing increased competition, particularly in information technology at our IS&GS business segment and cybersecurity at our MST business segment, from non-traditional competitors outside of the aerospace and defense industry. Changes in our business environment require us to be agile and evolve our business models, processes and products. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return substantially all of our free cash flow to our investors. Our business could be negatively affected by cyber or other security threats or other disruptions. We routinely experience cybersecurity threats, threats to our information technology infrastructure, and unauthorized attempts to gain access to our company sensitive information, as do our customers, suppliers, subcontractors and venture partners, and if we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Although we work cooperatively with our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, venture partners and acquisitions to seek to minimize the impact of cyber threats, other security threats, or business disruptions, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by these entities, which may affect the security of our information. On January 26, 2016, we entered into definitive agreements to separate and combine our Information Systems & Global Solutions business segment, which represents the government IT infrastructure services and technical services businesses that were under strategic review, with Leidos Holdings, Inc. in a tax-efficient reverse Morris trust transaction.