item 1a. risk factors the company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm the company's business.
the company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in its two primary operating markets of the united states and japan. weak global financial markets impact the value of the company's existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on its operating activities.
in recent years, global capital markets have been severely impacted by several major events. the financial crisis that began in the latter part of 2008 saw dramatic declines in investment values and weak economic conditions as the global financial system came under extreme pressure. although u.s. markets began recovering in late 2009 and 2010, europe continued to struggle under a severely weakened banking system and investor concerns with sovereign debt levels. following a period of unprecedented intervention by governments and central banks, including the u.s. federal reserve and european central bank (ecb), financial conditions improved from the dire conditions of the global financial crisis, global recession, and european debt crisis. more recently, global markets have experienced bouts of volatility due to a british exit from the european union (eu) (brexit), uncertainty surrounding japan's continued recovery amidst assorted policy changes, significant declines in global commodity prices including oil, divergent monetary policies in the united states versus many other developed economies and heightened concerns surrounding the chinese economy. while capital and market conditions have been generally favorable in the last year, the prospect for increased volatility remains.
recent activity by the government of north korea has been the subject of increasing focus for a number of other governments, including those of the united states and japan. such north korean activity and related geopolitical risk could have a significant impact on financial market conditions across the world. under certain circumstances, government actions taken in response to the north korean situation could have a material impact on the company's japan and u.s. operations and financial performance, including the indirect impact of potentially severe and prolonged capital market volatility and disruption.
as the company holds a significant amount of fixed maturity and perpetual securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, including a large portion issued by banks and financial institutions, sovereigns, and other corporate borrowers in the united states and europe, its financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. a retrenchment of the recent strength of the capital markets could adversely affect the company's financial condition, including its capital position and overall profitability. market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
following the election of shinzo abe as prime minister of japan in december 2012, the new administration adopted a new set of financial measures to stimulate the japanese economy, including imposing negative interest rates on excess bank reserves. in a december 2014 snap-election, the ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) won a landslide victory, further strengthening mr. abe's ability to implement economic reform and address key policy challenges. the japanese financial markets reacted with even lower rates on japanese government bonds, large increases in japanese equity market values, and a weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar. more recently, as the bank of japan (boj) has signaled to hold its policy rate at zero, the japan government bond (jgb) yield curve has steepened producing higher rates on longer maturity japanese government bonds. prime minister abe's victory in the october 2017 elections may result in the continuation of current monetary policy, but there can be no guarantee that this is the case.
japan is the largest market for the company's products, and the company owns substantial holdings in jgbs. government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of the company's existing holdings, its reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen-denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to the company's suite of
products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could contribute to a weakening of the japan sovereign credit profile and result in further rating downgrades at the credit rating agencies. this could lead to additional volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
the company's investment portfolio has sizeable credit positions in many other geographic areas of the world including the middle east, latin america, asia, and other emerging markets. deterioration in their underlying economies, sovereign credit worthiness, or financial market conditions could negatively impact the company's financial position.
while the company has continued to add floating rate investments to its investment portfolio, most of its investment portfolio holdings are income-producing bonds that provide a fixed level of income. many of the company's investments were made at the relatively low level of interest rates prevailing over the last decade. any increase in the market yields of the company's holdings due to an increase in interest rates could create substantial unrealized losses in the company's portfolio, as discussed further in a separate risk factor in this section of the form 10-k.
the company needs liquidity to pay its operating expenses, dividends on its common stock, interest on its debt, and liabilities. for a further description of the company's liquidity needs, including maturing indebtedness, see item 7 of this form 10-k - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital resources and liquidity. in the event the company's current resources do not meet its needs, the company may need to seek additional financing. the company's access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry and its credit rating.
should investors become concerned with any of the company's investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, its access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. there is a possibility that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if the company incurs large investment losses or if the level of the company's business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the united states or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets. similarly, the company's access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions. see more information on recent rating actions later in this risk factors section.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of the company's business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as aflac that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead the company's customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage, which could adversely affect the company's premium revenue, results of operations and financial condition. the company is unable to predict the course of the current recoveries in global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
the company is exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the company has substantial investment portfolios that support its policy liabilities. low levels of interest rates on investments experienced in japan and the united states over the last decade have reduced the level of investment income earned by the company. the company's overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. while the company generally seeks to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, the company may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of its assets relative to its liabilities. the company's exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time the company's products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder the company's ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for its products at the time they were sold and issued. due to low interest rates, the company's ability to earn the returns it expects may also influence the company's ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact its overall sales levels. the company's first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. the recent negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan on excess bank reserves could have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products.
a rise in interest rates could improve the company's ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in its investment portfolio. however, an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
changes in interest rates impact unrealized gains and losses of fixed income securities in the company's investment portfolio; however, they do not have a direct impact on the related valuation of the corresponding liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates, as have been experienced in recent years, heighten the risk of future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of the company's investment portfolio includes investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates could decrease the fair value of the company's debt and perpetual securities. some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the united states and japan provide cash surrender values. a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy surrenders, which might require the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. this situation is commonly referred to as disintermediation risk. the company generally invests its assets to match the duration and cash flow characteristics of its policy liabilities, and therefore would not expect to realize most of these gains or losses, however, the company's risk is that unforeseen events or economic conditions, such as changes in interest rates resulting from governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond the company's control will reduce the effectiveness of this strategy. these events or economic conditions could either cause the company to dispose of some or all of these investments prior to their maturity, or increase the risk that the issuers of these securities may default or may require impairment, which could result in the company having to recognize such gains or losses.
rising interest rates also negatively impact the smr since unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
further, interest rate risk is still an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for the company, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity.
for more information regarding interest rate risk, see the interest rate risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a in this report.
the company's concentration of business in japan poses risks to its operations.
the company's operations in japan, including realized gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 70% of the company's total revenues for 2017, compared with 71% in 2016 and 70% in 2015. the japanese operations accounted for 83% of the company's total assets at both december 31, 2017 and 2016.
further, because of the concentration of the company's business in japan and its need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, the company has a substantial concentration of jgbs in its investment portfolio. as such the company has material exposure to the japanese economy, geo-political climate, political regime, and other factors that generally determine a country's creditworthiness. specifically, the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros, or "rating agencies"), credit rating agencies registered with the sec, have placed increased scrutiny on jgbs, which are a significant component of the company's overall investment portfolio, resulting in downgrades as discussed later in this risk factors section. in addition, the naic is also considering changes to investment risk factors. any negative developments by the nrsros or naic in these areas could result in increased capital requirements for the company.
the company seeks to match investment currency and interest rate risk to its yen liabilities. the low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality, market access, the overall economy of japan, or japanese market volatility could adversely impact the business of aflac in general and specifically aflac japan and its related results of operations and financial condition.
due to the size of aflac japan, where functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the yen and the u.s. dollar can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on the company's reported financial position and results of operations. in periods when yen weakens, translating yen into u.s. dollars causes fewer u.s. dollars to be reported. when yen strengthens, translating yen into u.s. dollars causes more u.s. dollars to be reported. any unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. as a result, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar will generally adversely affect the value of the company's yen-denominated investments in u.s. dollar terms.
foreign currency translation also impacts the computation of the company's risk-based capital ratio because aflac japan is consolidated in the company's u.s. statutory filings due to its status as a branch. the company's required capital, as determined by the application of risk factors to its assets and liabilities, is sensitive to currency risk. as a result, when the yen strengthens relative to the dollar, the company's rbc is suppressed. the company engages in certain foreign currency hedging activities for the purpose of hedging the yen exposure to its net investment in operations in japan. these hedging activities are limited in scope, and the company cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective.
unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities held by aflac japan are exposed to foreign exchange fluctuations, which impact smr. in periods of yen strengthening, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments will experience unrealized foreign exchange losses, negatively impacting smr. this impact increases when the size of the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated portfolio increases, which can occur due to the purchase of additional unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments, or through termination or expiration of existing hedges. unrealized currency gains and losses on unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities are monetized (or, in other words, are economically realized) only upon converting the proceeds from the sale, maturity or redemption of these securities to yen, which primarily occurs when yen are needed to satisfy policyholder obligations or other business expenses of aflac japan. to mitigate exposure to the foreign exchange risk from u.s. dollar-denominated investments and to reduce smr volatility, the company engages in certain currency hedging activities. however, these hedging activities are limited in scope and the company cannot provide assurance that its hedging strategies will be effective. as a result, periods of unusually volatile currency exchange rates could result in limitations on dividends available to the parent company.
as indicated in the business section of item 1, the company has determined that the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio acts as a natural economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan against erosion of economic value. however, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio at the same time creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and subjects aflac japan to volatility in regulatory capital and earnings, which may adversely impact aflac japan's ability to pay dividends to the parent company. the overall investment strategy in aflac japan is guided primarily by the objective of securing the long-term financial strength of aflac japan and funding of yen liabilities. as a result, the company has historically maintained and currently maintains the size of the unhedged portfolio at levels below the stressed economic surplus in aflac japan. however, there can be no assurance that this strategy will be successful.
furthermore, for regulatory accounting purposes, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the rate of exchange between the yen and u.s. dollar and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
additionally, the company is exposed to currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into u.s. dollars, resulting in an increase or decrease in the company's u.s. dollar-denominated cash flows and earnings when exchange gains or losses, respectively, are realized. this primarily occurs when the company repatriates or dividends funds from aflac japan to the parent company, but it also has an impact when cash in the form of yen is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets. the exchange rates prevailing at the time of repatriation or dividend may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned.
for more information regarding unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, see the risk factor below entitled, "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations,
financial position or liquidity". for more information regarding foreign currency risk, see the currency risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
the company attempts to match both the duration and currency of its assets with its liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments beyond jgbs.
prior to the onset of the financial crisis of 2008, the company was focused on investing cash flows in jgbs, which had relatively low yields, and utilizing private placement and perpetual securities to gain additional yield, extend the duration of the investment portfolio, and maintain yen exposure. given call activity with respect to certain of the company's legacy private placement investments, the company has added a modest amount of yen-denominated private placements to its investment portfolio in recent periods. the investment in private placements and legacy perpetual securities carries risk associated with illiquidity, which is managed and monitored by the company.
starting in 2012, aflac japan augmented its investment strategy to include u.s. dollar-denominated investments which could then be hedged back to yen. initially this program focused on public investment-grade bonds but has evolved over time to include u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans, infrastructure debt, as well as other loan types, high yield bonds and u.s. equity securities. as of december 31, 2017, aflac japan held approximately $24.0 billion in u.s. dollar-denominated investments, at amortized cost. to hedge foreign currency risk, aflac japan held $9.3 billion outstanding notional amounts of foreign currency forwards and $8.4 billion outstanding notional amounts of foreign currency options, of which none were in-the-money. the company plans to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that the company has added, and anticipates continuing to add, have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. these strategies will continue to increase the company's exposure to u.s. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. the company has increased foreign exchange risk exposure as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
investing in u.s. dollar-denominated investments in aflac japan also creates an unmatched foreign currency exposure and related smr volatility, as aflac japan's insurance liabilities are yen-denominated. although the company engages in certain foreign exchange hedging activities to partially mitigate this risk, and such hedged assets may be used to satisfy yen-denominated insurance liabilities and other business obligations, important risks remain.
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. the company's foreign exchange derivatives are typically shorter-dated than the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated investments being hedged. if the company reduces the notional amount of foreign exchange derivatives prior to the maturity of the hedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments, the respective holding foreign exchange gains or losses on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments remain economically unrealized. these gains or losses are only economically realized, or monetized, through sale, maturity or redemption of the investments and concurrent conversion to yen. however, the company may not realize the benefit of offsetting adverse cash settlements on hedging derivatives with cash receipts on the u.s. dollar-denominated investments if the currency exchange rates move in an adverse direction before the investments are converted to yen, or if the investments are never converted to yen. as an example of the latter, if the company's actual insurance risk experience in japan is as expected or more favorable than expected, the need for yen to pay expenses and claims would correspondingly remain at or below expected levels, thereby diminishing operational requirements to convert u.s. dollar-denominated investments to yen. since 2012, the cumulative net cash settlements on derivatives hedging currency exposure of aflac japan's dollar-denominated investments were an outflow of $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2017. these outflows or cumulative net negative settlements are associated with foreign exchange derivatives on existing u.s. dollar-denominated investments and hedged investments that have since been sold, matured or redeemed and may or may have not been converted to yen. furthermore, the settlements include instances where the initial foreign exchange derivative notional amounts were reduced prior to the maturity of the hedged investments. the settlement of the foreign exchange derivatives is reported in the investing activities section of the company's consolidated statements of cash flows in the line item "settlement of derivatives, net."
for more information regarding unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, see the risk factor above entitled, "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate." for more information regarding
foreign currency risk, see the currency risk subsection within the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk section in this report.
failure to execute or implement the planned conversion of the japan branch to a legal subsidiary could adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, or financial position.
the implementation of the planned japan branch conversion to a legal subsidiary is a complex undertaking and involves a number of risks, including increased execution costs, information technology-related delays and problems, personnel loss, regulatory law changes, legal and regulatory requirements, changes to the company's operations, and management distraction. changes in law or regulation before the completion of the transaction could result in significant costs or reduction in capital. the transaction may entail modifications of certain aspects of the company's operations, which could result in additional costs or reduce net earnings. any of these risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
the planned japan branch conversion is conditioned on the continued validity of a private letter ruling that the company received from the u.s. internal revenue service (irs). notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling, the irs could determine that the japan branch conversion should be treated as a taxable transaction. for example, the irs could conclude that the representations, assumptions and covenants on which the private letter ruling is based are untrue or not accurate. if the irs made such a conclusion, the japan branch conversion could be treated as a taxable transaction, and the company could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities or litigation costs to defend the tax treatment by the irs.
if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, the company's financial results would be adversely affected.
the company establishes premiums for many of its policies on assumptions for morbidity, mortality, longevity and persistency. the company also establishes and carries, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much will be required to pay for future benefits and claims on its policies. the company calculates these reserves using various assumptions and estimates, including premiums the company will receive over the assumed life of the policy; the timing, frequency and severity of the events covered by the insurance policy; and the investment returns on the assets the company purchases with a portion of its net cash flow from operations.
the assumptions and estimates that the company uses in establishing premiums and reserves depend on the company's judgment regarding the likelihood of future events and are inherently uncertain. many factors can cause actual outcomes to deviate from these assumptions and estimates, such as changes in economic conditions, changes in government healthcare policy, advances in medical technology, changes in treatment patterns, and changes in average lifespan. accordingly, the company cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that it will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level the company assumes prior to payment of benefits or claims. if the company's actual experience is different from its assumptions or estimates, the company's reserves may prove inadequate. as a result, the company would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which it determines such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
generally, lower mortality decreases the profitability of third sector products in japan, as more policyholders will survive into ages where they have a higher rate of claim incidence. this assumption can impact pricing and reserving.  for instance, japan fsa periodically requires updates to their standard mortality tables for fsa reserves. an update to the standard mortality tables will occur in april 2018 applicable to all business issued after that date. for business that is inforce prior to the update, the change in mortality table would not have an impact. for new issues, the updated mortality tables would be included in our reserve assumptions, and slow the emergence of fsa earnings for third sector products and therefore will have an impact on pricing returns. the company adjusts pricing assumptions as new products are developed to adjust for these mortality assumptions. the company is continuing to review potential impacts as it nears the adoption of those tables in april 2018.
the company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of the company's information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less
efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards including adequate business continuity procedures. the company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge the company's complex integrated environment. the company's success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. if the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems, the company's operations and reputation could be adversely affected and it could be exposed to litigation as well as to regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties.
competition could adversely affect the company's ability to increase or maintain its market share or profitability.
the company operates in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require the company to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate the company's products and services from those of its competitors. the company also faces the potential of competition from existing or new companies in the united states and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than the company does. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate the company's products and services can affect the company's ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business.
further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full-suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share. similarly, a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in the company's technology could result in lower revenues and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time. because insurance products are intangible, the company's ability to compete for and maintain policyholders relies to a large extent on consumer trust in the company's business. the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of the company's brand, is critical to the company's reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition and results of operations.
sales of the company's products and services are dependent on its ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates, brokers and employees in the united states and sales associates and other distribution partners in japan.
the company's sales could be adversely affected if its sales networks deteriorate or if the company does not adequately provide support, training and education for its existing network. in the united states, competition exists for sales associates and brokers with demonstrated ability. in japan, the company's sales results are dependent upon its relationship with sales associates and other distribution partners. the company competes with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of its products, compensation, support services and financial rating. an inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers and other distribution partners, including its alliance partners in japan, could have a material adverse effect on the company's sales, results of operations and financial condition. the company's sales associates and brokers are independent contractors and may sell products of its competitors. if the company's competitors offer products that are more attractive, or pay higher commissions than the company does, any or all of these distribution partners may concentrate their efforts on selling the company's competitors' products instead of the company's. in addition to the company's commissioned sales force in the united states, aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 175 market directors and broker sales professionals. the company's ability to attract and retain top talent in these salaried roles has a material impact on its sales success.
additionally, as the japan and u.s. employment markets continue to evolve, there is risk that the company's practices regarding attracting, developing, and retaining employees may not be fully effective. failure to successfully meet and maintain sufficient levels of employees may diminish the company's ability to achieve its financial and compliance objectives, both of which are time consuming and personnel-intensive.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm the company's business.
the company stores confidential policyholder, employee, agent, and other proprietary information on its information technology systems. in addition, the company depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. these systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond the company's control. despite the company's implementation of a variety of security measures, its information technology and other systems, as well as those of third party providers, could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of the company's intellectual property or proprietary information. additionally, design flaws may exist in certain systems, processes, software, or configurations that in turn may result in system failure, data corruption, or compromise.
although the minor data leakage issues the company has experienced to date have not had a material effect on its business, there is no assurance that the company's security systems or processes will prevent or mitigate future break-ins, tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks. interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by the company or others, including third party providers, could delay or disrupt the company's ability to do business and service its customers, seriously harm the company's brand and reputation as well as the company's ability to compete effectively, subject it to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect the company's business. in addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant.
while the company continues to invest in the infrastructure of its data security programs, the company has been, and will likely continue to be, the target of unauthorized access, social engineering, phishing, cyber-attacks, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other computer-related penetrations. although the company attempts to manage its exposure to such events through the purchase of cyber liability insurance, such events are inherently unpredictable and insurance may not be sufficient to protect the company against all losses. as a result, events such as these could adversely affect the company's financial condition or results of operation.
if the company fails to comply with restrictions on customer privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that its third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive customer information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, the company's reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by the company's businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. various state laws address the unauthorized access and acquisition of personal information and the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act of 1999 (glba) and in the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa). hipaa also requires that the company imposes privacy and security requirements on its business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the act on the protection of personal information (appi) and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
the company relies on third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide information technology and data services. although the company provides for appropriate protections through its contracts and performs information security risk assessments of its third-party service providers and business associates, the company still has limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures the company has in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, the company's facilities and systems, and those of the company's third-party providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to the company's business. compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on the company's business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of
potential noncompliance by the company's business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on the company's collection, disclosure and use of customer identifiable data that are housed in one or more of the company's administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential customer information, whether by the company or by one of its third parties, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, reputation, brand and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding the company's privacy and security practices; adverse actions against the company's licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to the company's reputation.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, including the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, and state insurance regulators, the sec, the naic, the fio, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. treasury, including the irs, in the united states, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. in addition, proposals regarding the global regulation of insurance are under discussion, and changes to corporate form that attend the conversion of aflac japan to a subsidiary may introduce new forms of regulation compared to those with which the company has historically been subject. for example, aamj is licensed as a discretionary asset manager under the japan financial instruments and exchange act and is subject to rules of the japan investment advisors association, a self-regulatory organization with mandatory membership for japan investment managers. consequently, the company is subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may not result in compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. there is also a risk that any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may change over time to the company's detriment. in addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause us to change the company's views regarding the actions the company needs to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to the company's practices that may, in some cases, limit its ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of the company's business.
the primary purpose of insurance company regulatory supervision is the protection of insurance policyholders, rather than investors. the extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes in the united states and by the fsa and the mof in japan. these systems of supervision and regulation cover, among other things:
•   standards of minimum capital and reserve requirements and solvency margins, including risk-based capital measures
•   restrictions on, limitations on and required approval of certain transactions between the company's insurance subsidiaries and their affiliates, including management fee arrangements
•   restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments
•   restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that the company can include in the insurance policies offered by its primary insurance operations
•   limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay or foreign profits that can be repatriated
•   the existence and licensing status of a company under circumstances where it is not writing new or renewal business
•   imposition of fines and other sanctions
regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. if the company's subsidiaries fail to meet the minimum capital or operational requirements established by its respective regulators, they could be subject to examination or corrective action, or the company's financial strength ratings could be downgraded, or both.
various forms of federal oversight and regulation of insurance were signed into law by the prior u.s. presidential administration. for example, the aca gave the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance and made significant changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace, including the imposition of an individual medical insurance coverage mandate (which has since been repealed effective 2019 by the tax act), penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, the creation of health insurance exchanges, and proscriptions regarding coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. the legislation also includes changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. the aca, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of the company's insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges that could potentially have an impact on the company's sales model, financial condition and results of operations. the united states congress has considered and may continue to consider legislation that would repeal and replace key provisions of the aca. there can be no assurance that any legislation affecting the aca will be passed by congress, nor as to the ultimate timing or provisions of any such legislation, nor as to the effect of any such legislation on the design or marketability of the company's insurance products.
in addition, the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act of 2010 ("dodd frank"), intended to reduce risk of a financial crisis, contains multiple provisions that could impact the company's business as rules are finalized and implemented. while it is difficult to isolate the impact of dodd frank from other government and central bank actions and general market conditions since the financial crisis, the company believes that the dodd-frank act, in particular bank capital requirements, limits on proprietary trading and derivatives regulation, has affected the value of its holdings in banks and other financial institutions, and impacted pricing, liquidity, and the company's general ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions. dodd frank is expansive in scope and, among other things, requires the adoption of extensive regulations and numerous regulating decisions, many of which have been adopted. the presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act, some of which have been implemented. the company cannot predict with any degree of certainty the ultimate effects (if any) that dodd frank, or subsequent implementation of regulations and decisions, will have on its u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase the company's direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the company is subject to taxation in japan, and in the u.s. under federal and numerous state and local tax jurisdictions. in preparing the company's financial statements, the company estimates the amount of tax that will become payable, but the company's effective tax rate may be different than estimates due to numerous factors including accounting for income taxes, the mix of earnings from japan and the u.s., the results of tax audits, adjustments to the value of uncertain tax positions, changes to estimates and other factors. further, changes in u.s. or japan tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase the company's corporate taxes and reduce earnings.
among other changes, effective january 1, 2018 the tax act reduced the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, eliminated or reduced certain deductions and credits, and limited the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation. the tax act also transitions international corporate taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system, which in light of the current tax treatment of aflac japan as a branch has the effect of subjecting the earnings of aflac japan to japan taxation and subjecting the company's other earnings, including the consolidated earnings of the parent company, to u.s. taxation. the changes to tax law included in the tax act are complex and are subject to new and changing regulations, interpretations and tax guidance in the future, as well as further refinement of our estimates and calculations and changes in the interpretations and assumptions that the company has made. as such, the company's estimates based upon the changes in the tax act may change over time. for example, during the period ended december 31, 2017, the company revalued its deferred tax assets and liabilities and recorded, as its current reasonable estimate, a net deferred tax liability reduction of $1.9 billion as of that date. while the company believes that this estimate is reasonable, it is relying upon guidance provided by sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118) that provides a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date of december 22, 2017, in order
to complete the accounting for the effects of the tax act. therefore, in future periods the company may reduce or increase the estimated reduction of net deferred tax liability, and any such revision may be material.
in addition, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on the company's earnings both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. any of these factors could cause the company to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current estimates. if the company's effective tax rate were to increase, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables in the company's investment portfolio may reduce the company's earnings and capital position.
the company is subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed-maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables the company owns may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of the company's portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that may be subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay the company's holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to the company's securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of the company's holdings.
most of the company's investments carry a rating by one or more of the nrsros. any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of the company's portfolio. the company employs a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in its portfolio. any credit-related declines in the fair value of positions held in the company's portfolio believed to be not temporary in nature will negatively impact the company's net income and capital position through impairment and other credit related losses. these losses would also affect the company's solvency ratios in the united states and japan. aflac japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements. these impairment losses could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
the company is also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to the company's positions could deteriorate. these instruments may include senior secured first lien loans, such as commercial mortgage loans, bank loans, middle market loans, and loan-backed securities where the underlying loan or collateral notes may default on principal, interest, or other payments, causing an adverse change in cash flows to the positions held in the company's investment portfolio.
the company's portfolio includes holdings of perpetual securities. most of these are issued by global banks and financial institutions. following the financial crisis, rating agencies reviewed and, in most cases, modified the rating criteria for financial institutions. this has caused multiple downgrades of many bank and financial issuers, but perpetual securities have been more negatively impacted as their lower position in the capital structure represents relatively more risk than other more senior obligations of the issuer. further downgrades or default of issuers of securities the company owns will have a negative impact on its portfolio and could reduce the company's earnings and capital.
the company is exposed to sovereign credit risk through instruments issued directly by governments and government entities as well as banks and other institutions that rely in part on the strength of the underlying government for their credit quality. in addition to the united states and japan, many governments, especially in europe, have been subject to rating downgrades due to the need for fiscal and budgetary remediation and structural reforms, reduced economic activity, and investment needed to support banks or other systemically important entities. additional downgrades or default of the company's sovereign issuers will have a negative impact on its portfolio and could reduce the company's earnings and capital.
in addition to the company's exposure to the underlying fundamental credit strength of the issuers of its fixed maturity and perpetual securities and the underlying risk of default, the company is also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of the company's existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on its investment portfolio, and reduce the company's adjusted capital position which is used in determining the smr in japan. this widening of credit spreads could, however, increase the net investment income on new credit investments. conversely, a tightening of credit spreads could increase the value of the company's existing portfolio and create unrealized gains on its investment portfolio. this tightening of credit spreads could also reduce the net
investment income available to the company on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of the company's investment holdings (see the critical accounting estimates section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis, of this form 10-k).
for more information regarding credit risk, see the credit risk subsection of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, of this form 10-k.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect the company.
the company has exposure to and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions.
the company uses derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with its investment portfolio, notes payable, and profit repatriation. the company enters into a variety of agreements involving assorted instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency options; and foreign currency and interest rate swaps. to provide additional alternatives to increase the company's overall portfolio yield while managing its overall currency risk, starting in 2012, the company invested a significant portion of the investable cash flow generated by aflac japan into u.s. dollar-denominated investments and hedged these investments to yen through the use of currency forward and option contracts. the derivative forward and option contracts are of a shorter maturity than the hedged investments, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program. due to changes in market environments, there is a risk the hedges become ineffective and lose the corresponding hedge accounting treatment. at december 31, 2017, the company held foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $9.3 billion of notional amount associated with aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments referenced above; foreign currency swaps of $2.8 billion of notional amount associated with the company's notes payable; and foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $439 million of notional amount used to economically hedge profit repatriation. the company's increased use of derivatives has increased its financial exposure to derivative counterparties. if the company's counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, the company's hedges of the risks will be ineffective, and the company's financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the company engages in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements also include credit support annexes (csas) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. the company mitigates the risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value while generally requiring that collateral be posted at the outset of the transaction. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. the actual amount of payments that the company could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained.
further, the company has agreements with various financial institutions for the distribution of its insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2017, the company had agreements with 374 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through these banks represented 5.2% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2017. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on the company's sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact the company's consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations, and its most significant assets are the stock of its subsidiaries. because the parent company conducts its operations through its operating subsidiaries, the parent company depends on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet its debt service and other obligations, and to pay dividends on and conduct repurchases of its common stock.
aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. after the planned japan branch conversion, the company expects that the nebraska insurance department and the fsa will approve their respective domiciled insurance company service arrangements and transactions. the fsa may not allow profit repatriations or other transfers from aflac japan if they would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of japanese policyholders. after the planned japan branch conversion as early as april 1, 2018, the new japan subsidiary will be required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the parent company. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary will be defined as retained earnings plus other capital reserve less net after-tax net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities.
the ability of aflac and aflac japan (in its current form as a branch, and in its planned future form as a subsidiary) to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by the company's dependency on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. the company's ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
any decrease in the company's financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on its competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
financial strength ratings can play an important role in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. on an ongoing basis, nrsros review the financial performance and condition of many insurers, including aflac and its competitors. they may assign multiple ratings including a financial strength rating, reflecting their view of the insurer's ability to pay claims on a timely basis, and ratings on an insurer's senior and subordinated debt obligations, indicating their view of an insurer's ability to make timely payments on their debt obligations.
nrsros may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including the nrsro's assessment of the insurer's strength of operations and overall financial condition. some factors that may influence ratings include competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities. the ratings assigned to aflac by the nrsros are important factors in the company's ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. downgrades to aflac's credit ratings could give its derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting the company's liquidity.
in view of the difficulties experienced after the financial crisis by many financial institutions, including those in the insurance industry, the nrsros have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions. steps taken by the nrsros include an increase in the frequency and scope of their reviews, additional information requests from the companies that they rate, including additional information regarding the valuation of investment securities held, and, in certain cases, an increase in the capital and other requirements employed in their models for maintenance of certain rating levels.
on september 16, 2015, s&p downgraded their credit rating of japan's sovereign debt. following this action, they also downgraded several other foreign insurers, including aflac. although aflac is a u.s.-based insurer, aflac's significant operations in japan and corresponding regulation by the japanese fsa, combined with its significant exposure to jgbs as outlined above, resulted in s&p downgrading the financial strength rating of aflac's core insurance operations to a+ and its senior debt rating to a-, both with a stable outlook. while s&p made no further downgrades to aflac's ratings in 2016 or 2017, they have stated in the past that a downgrade of japan's sovereign rating could lead to a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. as a matter of policy, s&p rarely rates insurance companies above the sovereign long-term rating of the country of domicile because during times of stress, the sovereign's regulatory and supervisory powers may restrict an insurer's or financial system's flexibility.
in addition to the impact on aflac's access to liquidity, as mentioned above, a downgrade of aflac's ratings could have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of its products which could negatively impact aflac's liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance and sensitivity to ratings levels.
the company cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions the company may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect aflac's business. as with other companies in the financial services industry, aflac's ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
the company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. the company maintains policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed.
however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. if the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as the company's businesses change and the markets in which it operates evolve, the company's risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. as a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of the company's risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. in addition, under difficult or less liquid market conditions, the company's risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. in such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive for the company to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants.
many of the company's risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. the company cannot provide assurance that its risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. models are utilized by the company's businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by the company's executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as the company's businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models the company utilizes expands, increasing the company's exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by the company's employees or employees of the company's third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by the company, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite the company's published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of the company's alliance partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that the company employs, which are designed to assess third party viability and prevent the company from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. additionally, the use of third parties also poses operational risks that could result in financial loss, operational disruption, brand damage, or compliance issues. inadequate oversight of aflac's third party suppliers due to the lack of policies, procedures, training and governance may lead to financial loss or damage to the aflac brand.
the concentration of the company's investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on the company's financial position or results of operations.
negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries, asset class or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings, which may increase risk of loss from defaults due to non-payment of interest or principal. the company seeks to minimize this risk by maintaining an appropriate level of diversification. to the extent the company has concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial position. the company's global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for its investment portfolios.
at december 31, 2017, the company held approximately $48.4 billion at amortized cost, or 45.4% of its total debt and perpetual securities, in jgbs. jgbs were rated a1/a+/a at december 31, 2017 by moody's, s&p and fitch, respectively. for further details on the concentrations within the company's investment portfolios, see the analysis of financial condition section of item 7, md&a, and the credit risk section of item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, of this form 10-k.
the valuation of the company's investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect the company's results of operations or financial condition.
the company reports a significant amount of its fixed maturity securities and other financial instruments at fair value. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods which are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values which may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within the company's consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of the company's derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, the company may experience significant changes in the volatility of its derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
for further discussion on investment and derivative valuations, see the critical accounting estimates section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis, and notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
managing key executive succession is critical to the company's success.
the company would be adversely affected if it fails to adequately plan for succession of its senior management and other key executives. while the company has succession plans and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans cannot guarantee that the services of these executives will be available to the company, and its operations could be adversely affected if they are not.
the determination of the amount of impairments taken on the company's investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact its results of operations or financial position.
an investment in a fixed maturity, perpetual or equity security is impaired if the fair value falls below book value. the company regularly reviews its entire investment portfolio for declines in value. the majority of the company's investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment using the company's debt impairment model, while the company's investments in equities and below-investment-grade perpetual securities are evaluated using the company's equity impairment model.
the company's debt impairment model includes emphasis on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from its investments. the determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon the company's periodic
evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
for the company's fixed maturity and perpetual securities reported in the available-for-sale portfolio, the company reports the investments at fair value in the statement of financial condition and records any unrealized gain or loss in the value of the asset in accumulated other comprehensive income. for the company's held-to-maturity securities portfolio, the company reports the investments at amortized cost. under the debt impairment model, the determination of whether an impairment in value is other than temporary is based largely on the company's evaluation of the issuer's creditworthiness. the company must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while the company owns it. factors that may influence this include the company's assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. the company also verifies whether it has the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not the company would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. if the company determines it is unlikely to recover the book value of the instrument prior to disposal of the security, the company will reduce the carrying value of the security to its fair value and recognize any associated impairment loss in the company's consolidated statement of earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss.
the company's investments in perpetual securities that are rated below investment grade and equity securities are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under the company's equity impairment model. this impairment model focuses on the severity of a security's decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below cost or amortized cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. for equity securities, the company also verifies its intent to hold the securities until they recover in value.
for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, credit-related losses, or changes in foreign exchange, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
the company's management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement when considered necessary. furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments.
catastrophic events could adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations as well as the availability of the company's infrastructure and systems.
the company's insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, and terrorism or other acts of violence. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. certain events such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes and man-made catastrophes could cause substantial damage or loss of life in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in the company's financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce its profitability or harm the company's financial condition, as well as affect its ability to write new business.
additionally, the company's business operations may be adversely affected by such catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure and systems that support its businesses and customers.
the company's financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles in both the united states and japan, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time the company is required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. it is possible that future accounting standards the company is required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that the company applies to its consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition. during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the company's financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
changes in the company's discount rate, expected rate of return, life expectancy, health care cost and expected compensation increase assumptions for its pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce the company's profitability.
the company determines its pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, life expectancy of plan participants and expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce the company's profitability.
the company faces risks related to litigation.
the company is a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. members of the company's senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, the company believes the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, litigation could adversely affect the company because of the costs of defending these cases, costs of settlement or judgments against the company or because of changes in its operations that could result from litigation.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking information the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. the company desires to take advantage of these provisions. this report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec). forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. in particular, statements containing words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "goal," "objective," "may," "should," "estimate," "intends," "projects," "will," "assumes," "potential," "target", "outlook" or similar words as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.
the company cautions readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements:
•   difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy
•   limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments
•   ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems
•   interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems
•   failure to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security
•   extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities
•   defaults and credit downgrades of investments
•   ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates, brokers, employees, and distribution partners
•   decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions
•   subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to aflac incorporated
•   inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures
•   ability to effectively manage key executive succession
•   catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, war or other military action, terrorism or other acts of violence, and damage incidental to such events
•   increased expenses and reduced profitability resulting from changes in assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit plans
•   level and outcome of litigation
md&a overview management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of aflac incorporated and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended december 31, 2017. as a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements and notes. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
•   critical accounting estimates
•   analysis of financial condition, including discussion of market risks of financial instruments
•   capital resources and liquidity, including discussion of availability of capital and the sources and uses of cash the company's business aflac incorporated (the parent company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the united states and japan. the company's insurance business is marketed and administered through american family life assurance company of columbus (aflac), which operates in the united states (aflac u.s.) and as a branch in japan (aflac japan). american family life assurance company of new york (aflac new york) is a wholly owned subsidiary of aflac. most of aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. additionally, aflac u.s. markets and administers group products through continental american insurance company (caic), branded as aflac group insurance. the company's insurance operations in the united states and its branch in japan service the two markets for its insurance business.
for more information on the company's business, see business, part i, item 1 of this report.
total revenues decreased 4.0% to $21.7 billion in 2017, compared with $22.6 billion in 2016. net earnings in 2017 were $4.6 billion, or $11.54 per diluted share, compared with $2.7 billion, or $6.42 per diluted share, in 2016, reflecting the estimated $1.9 billion benefit as a result of the u.s. tax act.
results for 2017 included pretax net realized investment losses of $151 million ($98 million after-tax), compared with net realized investment losses of $14 million ($9 million after-tax) in 2016. net investment losses in 2017 consisted of $28 million of net gains ($18 million after-tax) from the sale or redemption of securities; $37 million ($24 million after-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment losses; and $142 million of net losses ($92 million after-tax) from derivatives and foreign currency gains (losses).
in january 2017, the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. in february 2017, the parent company extinguished $650 million of 2.65% senior notes upon their maturity.
in 2017, the parent company and aflac renewed a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million and executed two 364-day intercompany uncommitted and revolving lines of credit, one of which provides for borrowings by aflac in the amount of $250 million, and the other provides for borrowings by the parent company in the amount of 37.5 billion yen.
for further information regarding these transactions, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a.
the company repurchased 17.8 million shares of its common stock in the open market for $1.35 billion under the company's share repurchase program in 2017, compared with the repurchase of 21.6 million shares for $1.4 billion in 2016.
critical accounting estimates the company prepares its financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these principles are established primarily by the financial accounting standards board (fasb). in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires the company to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that the company deems to be most critical to an understanding of aflac's results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (dac), liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 95% of the company's assets and 81% of its liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2017, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
investments and derivatives aflac's investments, primarily consisting of debt, perpetual and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, the company determines the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities within the company's investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that the company utilizes to determine fair values. for the remaining privately issued securities, the company uses non-binding price quotes from outside brokers.
the company estimates the fair values of its securities on a monthly basis. the company monitors the estimated fair values obtained from its pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. the company also periodically discusses with its pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, the company will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, the company may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. based on management's analysis, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. the company has performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value.
the company also routinely reviews its investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. the identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment. the company must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while the company owns it. factors that may influence this include the company's assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. this process requires consideration of risks, which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the company's net earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss, as such evaluations are revised.
the company's derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in variable interest entities (vies) that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and its subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) used in hedging interest rate risk on u.s. dollar-denominated securities in aflac japan's portfolio; and foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign
currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility. for derivatives associated with vies where it is the primary beneficiary, the company receives valuations from a third party pricing vendor.
see notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when revenues are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to premium revenues during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. this association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. premiums for these products are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. a liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
deferred policy acquisition costs the calculation of dac and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. for new policy issues, the company reviews its actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. for policies in force, the company evaluates dac by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the following table provides details of policy liabilities by segment and in total as of december 31.
policy liabilities
future policy benefits                       $73,661             $68,291
other policy liabilities                      12,779              13,457
total japan policy liabilities               $89,132             $84,141
future policy benefits                        $8,806              $8,442
other policy liabilities                         119                 118
total u.s. policy liabilities                $10,625             $10,212
future policy benefits                       $81,857             $76,106
other policy liabilities                      12,898              13,575
total consolidated policy liabilities(1)     $99,147             $93,726
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
the company's policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 83% and 4% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2017, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. the company calculates future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, the company also includes a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience.
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to the company. the company computes unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. the company updates the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporates its historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding the company's outstanding liability.
the company's insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, the company's business is widely dispersed in both the united states and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of the company's benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under aflac's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. the company's claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of its policyholders.
as a part of its established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, the company performs detailed annual actuarial reviews of its policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation, gpv, analysis) and reflects the results of those reviews in its results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, the company's annual reviews in 2016 and 2015 indicated that it needed to strengthen the liability associated with a block of care policies, primarily due to low investment yields. the company strengthened its future policy benefits liability by $52 and $18 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of these reviews. results of the company's annual review in 2017 concluded that no further strengthening was required at this time for these liabilities. for aflac u.s., the company's annual reviews in 2017, 2016 and 2015 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the united states. in the u.s. and japan, investment assumptions were reviewed in 2017 and the company adopted expected forward rates in its gpv yield projections. in addition, in japan, assets were allocated to blocks of business to align with yield and duration requirements of the businesses.
the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of the company's in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, the company considers many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. the company monitors these conditions closely and make adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, the company does not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2017, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                total severity total frequency   decrease               decrease               unchanged                       increase               increase by 2%                  by 1%                                                     by 1%                  by 2%
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 13% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2017, consisted primarily of annuity and unearned premium reserves, and discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 34% and 38% of the december 31, 2017 and 2016 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing the company's income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the company expects the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the company's management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event the company determines it is not more likely than not that it will be able to realize all or part of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. the company's judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
interest rates and credit spreads in both the united states and japan are not the only factors that impact the company's unrealized gain/loss position and the evaluation of a need for a valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax asset, but they do have a direct and significant effect on both. based on its methodology described above for evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, the company has determined that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, therefore the company has not recorded a valuation allowance as of december 31, 2017.
the tax act was signed into law on december 22, 2017. among other things, effective january 1, 2018 the tax act reduced the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, eliminated or reduced certain deductions and credits, and limited the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation.
the tax act also transitions international corporate taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system, which in light of the current tax treatment of aflac japan as a branch has the effect of subjecting the earnings of aflac japan to japan taxation and subjecting the company's other earnings, including the consolidated earnings of the parent company, to u.s. taxation.
these changes are effective on january 1, 2018. because changes to tax rates are accounted for in the period of enactment, during the period ended december 31, 2017, the company revalued its deferred tax assets and liabilities and recorded, as its current reasonable estimate, a net deferred tax liability reduction of $1.9 billion as of that date. while the company believes that this estimate is reasonable, it is relying upon guidance provided by sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118) that provides a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date of december 22, 2017, in order to complete the accounting for the effects of the tax act. this estimate is subject to new and changing regulations, interpretations and tax guidance in the future, as well as further refinement of the company's calculations and changes in the interpretations and assumptions that the company has made. as such, the estimate may change over time, possibly materially, and the company may reduce or increase the estimated reduction of net deferred tax liability.
for additional information on income tax and the effects of the tax act during the period ended december 31, 2017, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in this report. for information on the conversion of aflac japan from a branch to a subsidiary, see general business under item 1, business, in this report.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on the company's financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations the following discussion includes references to the company's performance measures, operating earnings, operating earnings per diluted share, and amortized hedge costs, which are not calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these measures exclude items that the company believes may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in the company's insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with its insurance operations. the company's management uses operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of its insurance operations on a consolidated basis, and the company believes that a presentation of these measures is vitally important to an understanding of its underlying profitability drivers and trends of its insurance business. the company believes that amortized hedge costs, which are a component of operating earnings, measure the periodic currency risk management costs associated with hedging a portion of aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments and are an important component of net investment income.
aflac defines operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as the profits derived from operations. operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable and amortized hedge costs related to foreign currency denominated investments, but excludes certain items that cannot be predicted or that are outside of management's control, such as realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, change in loan loss reserves and certain derivative and foreign currency activities; nonrecurring items; and other non-operating income (loss) from net earnings. nonrecurring and other non-operating items consist of infrequent events and activity not associated with the normal course of the company's insurance operations and do not reflect aflac's underlying business performance. the company defines operating earnings per share (basic or diluted) to be operating earnings for the period divided by the weighted average outstanding shares (basic or diluted) for the period presented. starting in the first quarter of 2018, the term "operating earnings" will be changed to "adjusted earnings" on both a pretax and after-tax basis. this change will only pertain to the label of the measure and will not alter its definition or calculation.
because a significant portion of the company's business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside of management's control, the company believes it is important to understand the impact of translating japanese yen into u.s. dollars. operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior year period, which
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures of net earnings and net earnings per diluted share, respectively, for the years ended december 31.
items impacting net earnings:
securities transactions and impairments               9                 (55   )            (150   )   .02                     (.13      )       (.33      )
income tax (benefit) expense on items               (24   )             (18   )             (48   )       (.06        )       (.04      )       (.11      )
(4) foreign currency gains (losses) for all periods have been reclassified from other income (loss) to realized investment gains (losses) - certain derivative and foreign currency gains (losses) for consistency with current period presentation.
realized investment gains and losses the company's investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's growth and profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. the company does not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of the company's insurance products.
securities transactions and impairments securities transactions include gains and losses from sales and redemptions of investments where the amount received is different from the amortized cost of the investment. impairments include other-than-temporary-impairment losses on investment securities as well as changes in loan loss reserves for loan receivables.
the company's derivative activities include foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaptions and futures on certain fixed-maturity securities; foreign currency forwards and options that economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and subordinated debentures; and foreign currency swaps and credit defaults swaps held in consolidated variable interest entities (vies). gains and losses are recognized as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. the company also includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as a non-operating item. certain derivative and foreign currency gains (losses) exclude amortized hedge costs (see hedge cost section below) and the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable that are both classified as operating items.
hedge costs effective january 1, 2017, operating earnings includes the impact of amortized hedge costs. amortized hedge costs represent costs incurred in using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the foreign exchange risk of a portion of u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the company's japan segment investment portfolio. these amortized hedge costs are derived from the difference between the foreign currency spot rate at time of trade inception and the contractual foreign currency forward rate, recognized on a straight line basis over the term of the hedge. there is no comparable u.s. gaap financial measure for amortized hedge costs. prior year operating earnings have been revised to conform to this change. beginning in 2016, the company changed its non-u.s. gaap reporting for these hedge costs by amortizing them evenly over the life of the foreign currency forward contracts. in 2016, the company began increasing the duration of the foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge its u.s. dollar-denominated assets in aflac japan's investment portfolio to cover periods extending beyond one year. therefore, recognizing these costs over the extended hedging periods provides a better measure of the company's costs, and better reflects the economics of how hedge costs emerge over the life of the hedge.
hedge costs can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, changes in both u.s. and japan interest rates, and supply and demand for u.s. dollar funding. hedge costs have increased in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors. in late 2017, the company took steps to mitigate rising hedge costs by increasing the amount of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments held in aflac japan and to reduce hedge cost volatility by extending hedge duration. for additional information regarding currency hedging, refer to the hedging activities section below.
for additional information regarding realized investment gains and losses, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the united states insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. the system can result in periodic charges to the company as a result of insolvencies/bankruptcies that occur with other companies in the life insurance industry. some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. these charges neither relate to the ordinary course of the company's business nor reflect the company's underlying business performance, but result from external situations not controlled by the company.
based on the underlying nature of these assessments, effective january 1, 2017, the company adopted a policy of excluding any charges associated with u.s. guaranty fund assessments and the corresponding tax benefit or expense from operating earnings.
for the penn treaty liquidation that was recognized by judicial authority in march 2017, the company estimated and recognized a discounted liability for assessments of $62 million (undiscounted $94 million), offset by discounted premium tax credits of $48 million (undiscounted $74 million), for a net $14 million impact to net income in the quarter ended march 31, 2017. other guaranty fund assessments for the year ended december 31, 2017 were immaterial. for additional information regarding guaranty fund assessments, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
effective january 1, 2017, nonrecurring items also include conversion costs related to legally converting the company's japan branch to a subsidiary; these costs primarily consist of expenditures for legal, accounting, consulting, integration of systems and processes and other similar services. these japan branch conversion costs amounted to $42 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.
the company includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as an other non-operating item. during 2016, the company recognized a foreign currency gain of $109 million due to a temporary sizable u.s. dollar cash balance and cash settlements of u.s. dollar-denominated investment transactions within the japan segment.
the company considers the costs associated with the early redemption of its debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in its insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and the company considers these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with its insurance operations. in november 2017, the parent company extinguished $500 million of its 5.50% subordinated debentures. the pretax non-operating expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $13 million. in 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million. during 2015, the make-whole premium paid to the investors of the company's 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes for the early redemption of those notes was recorded as a $230 million pretax non-operating loss.
tax reform adjustment among other changes, the tax act reduced the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. because changes to tax rates are accounted for in the period of enactment, the company recognized a non-recurring estimated $1.9 billion benefit in the three-month period and full year ended december 31, 2017. while the company believes that this estimate is reasonable, it is relying upon guidance provided by sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118 that provides a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date of december 22, 2017 in order for the company to complete the accounting for the effects of the tax act. for further information, see critical accounting estimates - income taxes above in this md&a, and note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and a significant portion of its investment income are received in yen, and its claims and most expenses are paid in yen. aflac japan purchases yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. the company translates aflac japan's yen-denominated income statement into dollars using the average exchange rate for the reporting period, and the company translates its yen-denominated balance sheet using the exchange rate at the end of the period.
due to the size of aflac japan, whose functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on the company's reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. management evaluates the company's financial performance both including and excluding the impact of foreign currency translation to monitor, respectively, cumulative currency impacts on book value and the currency-neutral operating performance over time.
income taxes the company's combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was (14.6)% in 2017, 34.6% in 2016 and 34.4% in 2015. the reduction in the tax rate for 2017 was primarily due to a $1.9 billion benefit as a result of the tax act. the impact of the tax act, including the company's combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate, may be adjusted in future periods due to, among other things, further refinement of the company's calculations, changes in interpretations and assumptions the company has made, tax guidance that may be issued and actions the company may take as a result of the tax act. the company also benefited from a $24 million favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions in 2017 related to tax years that closed, in addition to benefits associated with filing amended tax returns and the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock compensation. total income taxes were $(586) million in 2017, compared with $1.4 billion in 2016 and $1.3 billion in 2015. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of the company's consolidated income tax expense. for further information, see critical accounting estimates - income taxes above in this md&a, and note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
2018 outlook the company's objective in 2018 is to maintain its strong capital position while producing stable earnings and strong cash flows. the company believes that its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the united states will provide support toward this objective.
the u.s. tax reforms enacted in december 2017 provided aflac with an opportunity to accelerate and increase its investments in initiatives that reflect the company's values and objectives. the company expects to increase overall investment in the u.s. by approximately $250 million over the next three to five years. these strategic investments target continued growth in the company's u.s. operations, investments in technology and digital businesses, commitments to the company's philanthropic efforts, and employee training programs and expanded employee benefits, including both an enhanced 401(k) matching program and additional company-paid aflac policies.
while the company has faced a challenging interest rate environment, particularly in japan, it will continue to monitor these and other economic conditions as the company executes on its plans for sales, investments and capital management. the company believes that its efforts will support its prudent strategies for capital deployment, as well as its ongoing commitment to customer service, product innovation and distribution enhancement.
for important disclosures applicable to statements made in this 2018 outlook, please see the risk factors section and the statement on "forward-looking information" at the beginning of the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
insurance operations aflac's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan, which operates as a branch of aflac, is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. operating business segments that are not individually reportable and business activities, including reinsurance retrocession activities, not included in aflac japan or aflac u.s. are included in the "other business segments" category.
on december 2, 2016, the company publicly announced that it will pursue the conversion of aflac japan from a branch structure to a subsidiary structure, with the subsidiary incorporated as a "kabushiki kaisha." while the branch structure remains an acceptable legal form, the subsidiary structure has emerged as the more prevalent structure for both domestic and foreign companies operating in japan. in addition, emerging global regulatory standards generally favor the subsidiary structure for foreign insurance and financial service companies. the adoption of this new organizational framework is expected to be tax-neutral and not to have a material impact on the daily operations of either aflac japan or aflac u.s. as a result of this conversion. in addition, the company expects to obtain enhanced flexibility in capital management and business development as a result of the conversion. the company anticipates completion of the conversion as early as april 1, 2018. as an interim step, effective january 1, 2018, investments of aflac u.s. as well as certain sub-advised assets of aflac japan, are managed by the company's u.s. asset management subsidiary, aflac asset management llc (aam), and investments of aflac japan are managed pursuant to an investment advisory agreement between aflac japan and the company's asset management subsidiary in japan, aflac asset management ltd. (aamj). aamj is licensed as a discretionary asset manager under the japan financial instruments and exchange act and is subject to rules of the japan investment advisors association, a self-regulatory organization with mandatory membership for japan investment managers. aam and aamj will be reported in the "other business segments" category; however, the assets that they manage will be reported in the respective aflac japan and aflac u.s. business segments.
u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, the company is required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets.
the company evaluates its sales efforts using new annualized premium sales, an industry operating measure. new annualized premium sales, which include both new sales and the incremental increase in premiums due to conversions, generally represent the premiums that the company would collect over a 12-month period, assuming the policies remain in force. for aflac japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting
aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax operating earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims, net                                            9,087                9,828                8,705
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                     630                  644                  578
total benefits and expenses                                        11,974               12,797               11,338
(1) aflac defines pretax operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as operating earnings before the application of income taxes. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of operating earnings.
in yen terms, aflac japan's net premium income decreased in 2017, with growth in third sector premium more than offset by an anticipated reduction in first sector premium due to savings products reaching premium paid-up status during the year. net investment income, net of amortized hedge costs, decreased in 2017. the increases in net investment income for u.s. dollar-denominated investments driven by the strengthening u.s. dollar were offset by lower re-investment rates and increased amortized hedge costs.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2017, were 1.55 trillion yen, compared with 1.61 trillion yen in 2016 and 1.62 trillion yen in 2015. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of 3.4% in 2017 was driven primarily by limited-pay policies becoming paid-up during the year. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of .7% in 2016 reflects the net effect of sales of new policies combined with limited-pay policies becoming paid-up and the
persistency of aflac japan's business. the increase in annualized premiums in force in yen of 1.5% in 2015 reflects the sales of new policies combined with the high persistency of aflac japan's business. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $13.7 billion in 2017, $13.8 billion in 2016, and $13.4 billion in 2015.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had yen/dollar exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. in order to compare the current year to the prior year without the impact of foreign currency, the current year's income statement is translated at the prior year's average exchange rate.
(1) aflac defines pretax operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as operating earnings before the application of income taxes. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of operating earnings.
(2)amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated items (a non-u.s. gaap measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as each respective prior year.
benefits and claims, net                            60.4   %       61.6   %      60.3   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    4.2            4.0           4.0
(1) aflac defines pretax operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as operating earnings before the application of income taxes. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of operating earnings.
in 2017, the benefit ratio decreased compared to the prior year. this was primarily due to the change in mix of first and third sector business as first sector products become paid-up and a de-emphasis on sales of first sector saving products, as well as continued favorable claims experience, and a 6 billion yen reserve adjustment to a closed block of business in 2016. in 2017, the operating expense ratio increased primarily due to lower premium income impacted by first sector products becoming paid-up. expenses incurred remained consistent with the prior year. in total for 2017, the pretax operating profit margin increased, reflecting the decrease in the benefit ratio partially offset by a smaller increase in the expense ratio. for 2018, the company anticipates the aflac japan pretax operating profit margin (calculated by dividing operating earnings by operating revenues) to remain stable.
(1) includes term and whole life the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, third sector products, which include cancer, medical and income support insurance products. sales of third sector products on a yen basis increased 4.1% during 2017, compared with 2016. aflac japan has been focusing more on promotion of cancer and medical insurance products in this low-interest-rate environment. these products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector products. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, the company expects the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future and that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of its product portfolio.
as a result of the interest rate policy in japan, aflac japan has taken significant actions to limit sales of certain first sector products, including ways and child endowment. first sector product sales were down 75.0% in 2017 compared with 2016, reflecting the company's actions to reduce the sale of first sector savings products that are more interest-sensitive. aflac japan's focus will remain on less interest-sensitive third sector products.
independent corporate agencies and individual agencies contributed 42.8% of total new annualized premium sales for aflac japan in 2017, compared with 46.7% in 2016 and 47.0% in 2015. affiliated corporate agencies, which include japan post, contributed 52.0% of total new annualized premium sales in 2017, compared with 44.4% in 2016 and 38.1% in 2015. japan post offers aflac's cancer insurance products in more than 20,000 post offices. the company believes this alliance with japan post has and will further benefit its cancer insurance sales. in 2017, aflac japan recruited 174 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2017, aflac japan was represented by more than 10,900 sales agencies, with approximately 109,200 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies.
at december 31, 2017, aflac japan had agreements to sell its products at 374 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan. bank channel sales accounted for 5.2% of new annualized premium sales in 2017 for aflac japan, compared with 8.9% in 2016 and 14.9% in 2015.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in yen and u.s. dollar-denominated investments. yen-denominated investments primarily consist of jgbs and public and private fixed-maturity securities. aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments include fixed-maturity investments and growth assets, including public equities and alternative investments in limited partnerships or similar investment vehicles. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed-maturity securities and loans, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments.
fixed maturities:
other fixed maturities                   1,579               1,718
equities (1)                               189                 259
fixed maturities:
other fixed maturities                    $466                $602
equities (1)                               158                 637
transitional real estate loans           1,063                   0
limited partnerships                        96                   0
(1) primarily rebalancing activity in 2017 and includes rebalancing activity in 2016
(2) represents funding made to unit trust structures aflac japan's yen-denominated private placement portfolio had declined over the last several years as a result of call and maturity activity and no reinvestment activity. however, beginning in 2016 and continuing into 2017, aflac japan began to selectively purchase yen-denominated private placements. in 2017, aflac japan purchased $1.1 billion of yen-denominated private placements, after purchasing $268 million in 2016.
see the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs, and see notes 1, 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loan receivables.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
(1) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, equities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
(3) net of investment expenses and amortized hedge costs, year-to-date number reflected on a quarterly average basis on january 1, 2016, the company revised its definition of purchases to include the reinvestment of proceeds related to unplanned sale activity. new purchases include all purchases related to fixed maturities and perpetuals, loan receivables, and equities. securities lending/repurchase agreement activity and capital contributions to alternatives are excluded. the definition of new money yield has also been revised to reflect this change. yields for equities are based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for additional information on the company's investments and hedging strategies.
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
benefits and claims                                     2,885               2,869               2,873
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         502                 497                 488
total benefits and expenses                             5,044               4,959               4,932
(1) aflac defines pretax operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as operating earnings before the application of income taxes. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force increased 2.6% in 2017, 2.4% in 2016 and 1.6% in 2015. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $6.1 billion in 2017, compared with $5.9 billion in 2016 and $5.8 billion in 2015.
benefits and claims                                 45.9   %       46.5   %      47.6   %
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    8.0            8.1           8.1
(1) aflac defines pretax operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as operating earnings before the application of income taxes. see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of operating earnings.
the benefit ratio decreased slightly in 2017, compared with 2016, reflecting continuing favorable trends and mix-of-business shifts towards lower loss ratio lines of business. the operating expense ratio was somewhat elevated compared with 2016, reflecting larger investment in the aflac u.s. platform. the higher expenses were partially offset by decreasing amortization and commission expense ratios. therefore, the pretax operating profit margin (calculated by dividing operating earnings by operating revenues) increased slightly in 2017, compared with 2016. in 2018, the company expects benefit ratios to be relatively stable to 2017 levels, and expects somewhat higher expense ratios reflecting further investments in its u.s. platform, and reduced investment portfolio revenues due to the company's planned reduction of capital to lower risk-based capital (rbc) ratios. (see the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a for further discussion of the planned reduction of rbc.)
short-term disability    22.9           23.5            23.2
critical care (1)        22.8           22.1            21.9
hospital indemnity       14.8           14.8            14.6
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products new annualized premium sales for accident insurance, the aflac u.s. leading product category, increased 4.4%, short-term disability sales increased 2.6%, critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased 8.2%, and hospital indemnity insurance sales increased 4.7% in 2017, compared with 2016.
the addition of group products has expanded aflac u.s.'s reach and enabled aflac u.s. to generate more sales opportunities with larger employers and through brokers and sales agent channels. the company anticipates that the appeal of aflac u.s. group products will continue to enhance opportunities to connect with larger businesses and their
employees. the aflac u.s. portfolio of group and individual products offers businesses the opportunity to give their employees a more valuable and comprehensive selection of benefit options.
in 2017, the aflac u.s. sales forces included an average of more than 8,800 u.s. agents, including brokers, who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. the company believes that this average weekly producer equivalent metric allows sales management to monitor progress and needs.
one day paysm is a claims initiative that aflac u.s. has focused on to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. the company believes that this claims practice enhances the aflac u.s. brand reputation and the trust policyholders have in aflac, and it helps aflac stand out from competitors.
aflac u.s. products provide cash benefits that can be used to help with increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses, help cover household costs, or protect against income and asset loss. group products and relationships with insurance brokers that handle the larger-case market are helping aflac u.s. expand its reach selling to larger businesses. aflac u.s. is regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to customers. the company believes the need for its products remains very strong, and aflac u.s. continues to work on enhancing its distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes, including initiatives that benefit the field force and the broker community. at the same time, the company is seeking opportunities to leverage its brand strength and attractive product portfolio in the evolving health care environment.
u.s. regulatory environment healthcare reform legislation the affordable care act (aca), federal health care legislation, was intended to give americans of all ages and income levels access to comprehensive major medical health insurance and gave the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. while the aca was enacted in 2010, the major elements of the law became effective on january 1, 2014. the aca included major changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace. among other changes, the aca included an individual medical insurance coverage mandate (which has since been repealed effective 2019 by the tax act), provided for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, created health insurance exchanges, and addressed coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. it also imposed an excise tax on certain high cost plans, known as the "cadillac tax," that is currently scheduled to begin in 2020. the aca also included changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and altered federal and state regulation of health insurers. the aca, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of the company's insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges that could potentially have an impact on the company's sales model, financial condition and results of operations. the united states congress has considered and may continue to consider legislation that would repeal and replace key provisions of the aca. there can be no assurance that any legislation affecting the aca will be passed by congress, nor as to the ultimate timing or provisions of any such legislation, nor as to the effect of any such legislation on the design or marketability of the company's insurance products.
president trump signed an executive order in october 2017 directing federal regulatory agencies to review and modify certain regulations issued under the aca. the stated objectives of the executive order are to increase competition and consumer choices in health care markets, and to lower costs for health care, by making association health plans available to more employers, allowing employers to make better use of health reimbursement arrangements, and expanding coverage through short-term insurance. the executive order tasks three federal agencies, the departments of labor (dol), treasury, and health and human services (hhs) with reviewing current rules and developing guidance to implement the order. while the details of any proposed modifications will not be known until further action by the agencies, the company anticipates that the executive order will not have a significant impact on the availability or marketability of its products.
tax reform legislation the tax act was signed into law on december 22, 2017. among other things, effective january 1, 2018, the tax act reduced the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, eliminated or reduced certain deductions and credits and limited the deductibility of interest expense and executive compensation.
the tax act also transitions international corporate taxation from a worldwide system to a modified territorial system, which in light of the current tax treatment of aflac japan as a branch has the effect of subjecting the earnings of aflac
japan to japan taxation and subjecting the company's other earnings, including the consolidated earnings of the parent company, to u.s. taxation. the treatment of aflac japan as a branch for u.s. tax purposes is not expected to change upon the completion of its conversion from a branch structure to a subsidiary structure for legal purposes, which conversion is currently anticipated to be completed as early as april 1, 2018.
aflac u.s. prices its business on an internal rate of return basis. the aflac u.s. business has a financial structure that the company expects to be neutral on a pricing basis from these tax changes. the aflac u.s. products have high initial costs for marketing, underwriting and administration, which will have less tax relief under the changes and will increase the amount required to invest in new business. in addition, the company expects that rbc requirements will increase on an after-tax basis, being another source of initial funding required for these products. the tax basis for reserves and dac may also change the timing of tax payments in an accelerated or unfavorable direction. all of these effects will offset a favorable lower tax rate on income in later years. the overall impact is expected to be neutral on a pricing basis from these various effects.
the tax act changes are effective on january 1, 2018. however, because changes to tax rates are accounted for in the period of enactment, during the period ended december 31, 2017, the company revalued its deferred tax assets and liabilities and recorded, as its current reasonable estimate, a net deferred tax liability reduction of $1.9 billion as of that date. for information on the effects of the tax act during the period ended december 31, 2017, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements presented in this report. for information on the conversion of aflac japan from a branch to a subsidiary, see general business under item 1, business, in this report.
dodd-frank act title vii of the dodd-frank act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of aflac japan. in addition, in 2015 and 2016, six u.s. financial regulators, including the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc), issued final rules regarding the exchange of initial margin (im) and variation margin (vm) for uncleared swaps that impose greater obligations on swap dealers regarding uncleared swaps with certain counterparties, such as aflac. the requirements of such rules with respect to vm, as well as similar regulations in europe, became effective on march 1, 2017. full compliance with respect to all counterparties was required by september 1, 2017. the requirements of such rules with respect to im are currently being phased in and will be fully implemented by september 1, 2020. in october of 2017, the cftc and the european commission each finalized comparability determinations that permit certain swap dealers who are subject to both regulatory margin regimes to take advantage of substituted compliance by complying with one set of margin requirements. the margin requirements are expected to result in more stringent collateral requirements and to affect other aspects of aflac's derivatives activity.
the dodd-frank act also established a federal insurance office (fio) under the u.s. treasury department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. traditionally, u.s. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. the fio does not directly regulate the insurance industry, but under dodd-frank it has the power to preempt state insurance regulations that are inconsistent with international agreements reached by the federal government, subject to certain requirements and restrictions. in december 2013, the fio released a report entitled "how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the united states." the report was required by the dodd-frank act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. the report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. some of the recommendations outlined in the fio report released in december 2013 have been implemented. the national association of registered agents and brokers reform act, signed into law in january 2015, simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. the fio has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers. the new presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act, some of which have been implemented. the company cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, such proposals will have on aflac's business, financial condition, or results of operations.
insurance guaranty laws under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, aflac is subject to assessments, based on the share of business it writes in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. in the united states, some states permit member insurers to recover
assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. the company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. in most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed-maturity investments and growth assets, including public equities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed maturity securities and loan receivables.
fixed maturities:
other fixed maturities                    $836                $669
equities                                    56                 156
transitional real estate loans             249                   0
limited partnerships                        16                   0
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to the company's investment policy guidelines.
(1) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, equities, and excludes alternative investments in limited partnerships
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of the company's investments.
other operations corporate operating expenses consist primarily of personnel compensation, benefits, reinsurance retrocession activities, and facilities expenses. corporate expenses, excluding investment and retrocession income, were $127 million in 2017, $141 million in 2016 and $90 million in 2015. investment income included in reported corporate expenses was $30 million in 2017, $18 million in 2016 and $22 million in 2015, and net retrocession income was $7 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
analysis of financial condition the company's financial condition has remained strong in the functional currencies of its operations. the yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of each period is used to translate yen-denominated balance sheet items to u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
investments the company's investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives, and preserving shareholder value. in attempting to optimally balance these objectives, the company seeks to maintain on behalf of aflac japan a diversified portfolio of yen-denominated investment assets, u.s. dollar-denominated investment portfolio hedged back to yen and a portfolio of unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated assets. as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. invests in fixed-maturity investments and growth assets, including public equities and alternative investments in limited partnerships. aflac u.s. has been investing in both publicly traded and privately originated investment-grade and below-investment-grade fixed-maturity securities and loans.
investment securities by segment aflac japan                              aflac u.s.
securities available for sale, at fair value:
fixed maturities                                      $67,610             $59,903             $13,545             $13,250
perpetual securities                                    1,728               1,577                  61                  56
equity securities                                         868               1,185                  92                 124
securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:
fixed maturities                                       31,430              33,350                   0                   0
total held to maturity                                 31,430              33,350                   0                   0
transitional real estate loans                            986                   0                 249                   0
cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.5 billion, or 2.8% of total investments and cash, as of december 31, 2017, compared with $4.9 billion, or 4.2%, at december 31, 2016. for a discussion of the factors affecting the company's cash balance, see the operating activities, investing activities and financing activities subsections of this md&a.
during the third quarter of 2017, aflac u.s. became a member of the federal home loan bank of atlanta (fhlb). as a member, aflac u.s. can obtain access to low-cost funding and also receive dividends on fhlb stock. additional fhlb stock purchases are required based upon the amount of funds borrowed from the fhlb. aflac u.s. will be required to post acceptable forms of collateral for any borrowings it makes from the fhlb. the fhlb stock purchased by the company is classified as a restricted investment and is included in other investments in the consolidated balance sheets.
for additional information concerning the company's investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the ratings of the company's securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros) (moody's, s&p and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on the company's internal analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, the company utilizes the second lowest rating when three or more rating agency ratings are available or the lowest rating when only two rating agency ratings are available.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities the company owns, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of securities portfolio by credit rating
as of december 31, 2017, the company's direct and indirect exposure to securities in its investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in the company's portfolio as of december 31, 2017.
(in millions)                       credit                    amortized                fair   unrealized rating                         cost               value   loss diamond offshore drilling inc.           b                 $142                 $99                   $(43    )
generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. as the company believes these issues have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest, the company views these changes in fair value to be temporary and does not believe it is necessary to impair the carrying value of these
securities. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions, including perpetual securities, and other corporate investments.
below-investment-grade the company's portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is the company's below-investment-grade exposure.
below-investment-grade securities december 31, 2017
investcorp capital limited                377                    377                    374                          (3        )
telecom italia spa                        177                    178                    250                          72
generalitat de catalunya                  142                     52                    119                          67
(1) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade
(2) middle market loans are carried at amortized cost the company invests in senior secured bank loans and middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the bank loan and middle market loan investment programs are managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class and require a minimum average portfolio rating of low bb and a minimum single investment rating of low b from one of the nrsros. the objectives of these programs include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets.
the company maintains an allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but the company also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance the company's yield on invested assets and further diversify credit risk. all investments must have a minimum rating of low bb using the company's above described rating methodology and are managed by the company's internal credit portfolio management team.
securities by type of issuance the company has investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. the company's ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
investment securities by type of issuance
(in millions)                                    amortized                         fair                 amortized                         fair cost                        value                      cost                        value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturities                           $81,408                      $92,950                   $75,406                      $86,132
perpetual securities                            46                           75                        51                           75
equity securities                              831                        1,006                     1,196                        1,300
privately issued securities: (1)
fixed maturities                            23,692                       27,646                    24,307                       27,649
perpetual securities                         1,416                        1,714                     1,455                        1,558
equity securities                               15                           17                         7                            9
total investment securities               $107,408                     $123,408                  $102,422                     $116,723
(1) includes rule 144a securities the perpetual securities the company holds were largely issued by banks that are integral to the financial markets of the sovereign country of the issuer. as a result of the issuer's position within the economy of the sovereign country, the company's perpetual securities may be subject to a higher risk of nationalization of their issuers in connection with capital injections from an issuer's sovereign government. the company cannot be assured that such capital support will extend to all levels of an issuer's capital structure. in addition, certain governments or regulators may consider imposing interest and principal payment restrictions on issuers of hybrid securities to preserve cash and preserve the issuer's capital. beyond the cash flow impact that additional deferrals would have on the company's portfolio, such deferrals could result in ratings downgrades of the affected securities, which in turn could result in a reduction of fair value of the securities and increase the company's regulatory capital requirements. the company considers these factors in its credit review process.
the following table details the company's privately issued investment securities as of december 31.
privately issued securities
privately issued securities as a percentage of total investment securities        23.4   %            25.2   %
privately issued securities held by aflac japan                                $22,354             $23,104
privately issued securities held by aflac japan as a percentage of total          20.8   %            22.6   %
investment securities
reverse-dual currency securities(1)
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                              $5,669              $5,628
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities       1,390               1,349
total reverse-dual currency securities                                         $7,059              $6,977
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment              6.6   %             6.8   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing the company to improve asset/liability matching and overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of the company's notes.
hedging activities aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments most of aflac japan's cash, investments, and liabilities are yen-denominated. however, aflac japan also owns u.s. dollar-denominated investments, a portion of which aflac japan hedges with foreign currency forwards and options. the currency risk being hedged is generally based on fair value of hedged investments. the following chart summarizes the u.s. dollar-denominated investments held by aflac japan as of december 31.
(in millions)                                                  amortized cost         fairvalue           amortized cost         fairvalue available-for-sale securities:
fixed maturities (excluding bank loans)                        $19,614            $21,849                 $19,123            $20,839
fixed maturities - bank loans (floating rate)                    1,936              1,865                   2,018              1,916
equities                                                           147                173                     464                480
transitional real estate loans (floating rate)                     986                984                       0                  0
foreign exchange derivatives used for hedging are periodically settled, which results in cash receipt or payment at maturity or early termination. the company recognized net cash settlements of $(747) million, $1.3 billion and $(2.1) billion for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, associated with the currency derivatives used for hedging aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments.
for additional discussion of the risks associated with the foreign currency exposure refer to the currency risk section in item 7a below and to the risk factor sections titled "the company is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate" and "lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position or liquidity." for discussion of the company's view on the stressed economic surplus in aflac japan, refer to the investments subsection within item 1, business, above.
(1) see the results of operations section of this md&a for the company's definition of amortized hedge costs.
(2) notional is reported net of any offsetting positions
(5) based on annualized amortized hedge costs divided by average fx forward notional for the period net investment hedge the company's investment in aflac japan is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. to mitigate this exposure, the company has taken several courses of action. first, aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of the company's investment in aflac japan. second, the company has designated the majority of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities (notes payable and loans) as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of the company's net investment in aflac japan. the company makes its accounting designation of net investment hedge at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivative notional is equal to or less than the company's net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the currency exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. the company's net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
for the hedge of the company's net investment in aflac japan, the company has designated certain of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities and foreign currency forwards and options as accounting hedges of its net investment in aflac japan. the company's consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2017, with hedging instruments comprised of $1.4 billion of yen-denominated debt and $.4 billion of foreign currency forwards and options, compared with a hedge of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2016, with hedging instruments comprised of $.3 billion of yen-denominated debt and $1.0 billion of foreign currency forwards and options.
consolidated yen-denominated net assets (liabilities)           $9,029                   $6,521
the yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the currency risk subsection of item 7a. as disclosed in that section, the consolidation of the underlying assets in certain vies requires that the company derecognize its yen-denominated investment in the vie and recognize the underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps. while these u.s. dollar investments will create foreign currency fluctuations, the combination of the u.s. dollar-denominated investment and the cross-currency
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's hedging activities.
deferred policy acquisition costs the following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended december 31.
(1) aflac japan's deferred policy acquisition costs increased 3.5% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2017.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's deferred policy acquisition costs.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment for the years ended december 31.
(1) aflac japan's policy liabilities increased 2.8% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2017.
(2) elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction as described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's policy liabilities.
notes payable notes payable totaled $5.3 billion at december 31, 2017, compared with $5.4 billion at december 31, 2016.
in january 2017, the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of .932% per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a 10-year maturity. these notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance.
in february 2017, the parent company extinguished $650 million of 2.65% senior notes upon their maturity.
in october 2017, the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of subordinated debentures through a u.s. public debt offering. the debentures bear interest at an initial rate of 2.108% per annum through october 22, 2027, or earlier redemption. thereafter, the rate of the interest of the debentures will be reset every five years at a rate of interest equal to the then-current jpy 5-year swap offered rate plus 205 basis points. the debentures are payable semi-annually in arrears and have a 30-year maturity. the debentures are redeemable (i) at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain tax events or certain rating agency events, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the debentures or (ii) in 10 years, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. in november 2017, the parent company used a portion of net proceeds from the debenture offering to redeem $500 million of the parent company's 5.50% subordinated debentures due 2052. the pretax non-operating expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $13 million.
see note 9 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's notes payable.
benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on the company's japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection policyholder protection corporation the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. on march 30, 2012, the diet approved legislation to enhance the stability of the lippc by extending the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2017. on november 25, 2016, japan's diet passed legislation that again extends the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2022. effective april 2014, the annual lippc contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion yen to 33 billion yen.
guaranty fund assessments under u.s. state guaranty association laws, certain insurance companies can be assessed (up to prescribed limits) for certain obligations to the policyholders and claimants of impaired or insolvent insurance companies that write the same line or similar lines of business. the amount of the guaranty fund assessment that an insurer is assessed is based on its proportionate share of premiums in that state.
as of december 31, 2017, the company has estimated and recognized the impact of its share of guaranty fund assessments resulting from the liquidation of a long-term care insurer. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the assessment.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017, the company had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on the company's balance sheet.
capital resources and liquidity aflac provides the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through dividends and management fees. the following table presents the amounts provided for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by aflac to parent company
(1) includes securities of $622 at fair value which had a value of $656 at amortized cost the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock and interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. the parent company's sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable and are not expected to change materially in the future. for additional information, see the financing activities subsection of this md&a.
the parent company also accesses debt security markets to provide additional sources of capital. in august 2016, the company filed a shelf registration statement with japanese regulatory authorities that allows the company to conduct public offerings of bonds in japan, including yen-denominated samurai notes, up to 200 billion yen or its equivalent through august 2018. the shelf registration statement is for possible public offerings in japan, but the bonds issued under the shelf may be transferred by the bondholders to u.s. persons in compliance with u.s. law. the company filed a shelf
registration statement with the sec in may 2015 that allows the company to issue an indefinite amount of senior and subordinated debt, in one or more series, from time to time until may 2018. the company believes outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when making an investment decision, the company's first consideration is based on product needs. the company's investment objectives provide for liquidity through the purchase of investment-grade debt securities. these objectives also take into account duration matching, and because of the long-term nature of the company's business, the company has adequate time to react to changing cash flow needs.
as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. the company expects its future cash flows from premiums and its investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet its cash needs for benefits and expenses.
as of december 31, 2017, the parent company and aflac had four lines of credit with third parties as well as two intercompany lines of credit. for additional information on the company's lines of credit, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
as part of the fhlb financing arrangement as discussed previously in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a, aflac u.s. borrowed and repaid $64 million during 2017.
the company's financial statements convey its financing arrangements during the periods presented. the company has not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in its balance sheet or disclosed herein. the company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2017. the company has not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the company's securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes, the company does not have a known trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in its liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. the company's cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure.
the following table presents the estimated payments by period of the company's major contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017. the company translated its yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2017, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
(in millions)                                                total                    total                 less           one tothree years               four to                   after liability(1)                 payments                 than                                        five years              five years one year future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)        $81,857                   $244,395               $8,734                  $17,297                 $17,175                $201,189
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)            4,392                      4,392                2,848                      886                     388                     270
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)           606                        606                  606                        0                       0                       0
capitalized lease obligations (note 9)                   22                         22                    8                       10                       3                       1
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $15 have been excluded from the tabular disclosure above because the timing of cash payment is not reasonably estimable.
(1)liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017.
(2)the estimated payments due by period reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with the company's experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force, and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table of $244,395 exceeds the corresponding liability amount of $81,857. the company has made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(4)not applicable for more information on the company's major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
consolidated cash flows the company translates cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
operating activities                              $6,128              $5,987              $6,776
investing activities                              (5,431   )          (3,855   )          (4,897   )
financing activities                              (2,065   )          (1,619   )          (2,187   )
operating activities consolidated cash flow from operations increased 2.4% in 2017, compared with 2016. the following table summarizes operating cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
investing activities operating cash flow is primarily used to purchase investments to meet future policy obligations. the following table summarizes investing cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
prudent portfolio management dictates that the company attempts to match the duration of its assets with the duration of its liabilities. currently, when the company's fixed-maturity securities and perpetual securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of the company's business and its strong cash flows provide the company with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. from time to time or when market opportunities arise, the company disposes of selected fixed-maturity and perpetual securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance its portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. dispositions before maturity were approximately 5% of the annual average investment portfolio of fixed maturities and perpetual securities available for sale during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with 7% in 2016 and 5% in 2015.
financing activities consolidated cash used by financing activities was $2.1 billion in 2017, $1.6 billion in 2016 and $2.2 billion in 2015.
in january 2017, the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of .932% per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a 10-year maturity. these notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance.
in february 2017, the parent company extinguished $650 million of 2.65% senior notes upon their maturity.
in october 2017, the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of subordinated debentures through a u.s. public debt offering. the debentures bear interest at an initial rate of 2.108% per annum through october 22, 2027, or earlier redemption. thereafter, the rate of the interest of the debentures will be reset every five years at a rate of interest equal to the then-current jpy 5-year swap offered rate plus 205 basis points. the debentures are payable semi-annually in arrears and have a 30-year maturity. the debentures are redeemable (i) at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain tax events or certain rating agency events, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the debentures or (ii) in 10 years, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. in november 2017, the parent company used a portion of net proceeds from the debenture offering to redeem $500 million of the parent company's 5.50% subordinated debentures due 2052. the pretax non-operating expense due to the early redemption of these notes was $13 million.
in september 2016, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity.
in september 2016, the parent company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. the first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share).
in september 2016, the parent company extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, the parent company extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
in august 2015, the parent company extinguished $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. in august 2015, the parent company extinguished a 5.0 billion yen loan at their maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in july 2015, the parent company extinguished a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date).
in march 2015, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. the parent company has entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the u.s. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. by entering into these cross-currency swaps, the parent company economically converted its $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and the parent company economically converted its $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. in april 2015, the parent company used $1.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes that were issued in march 2015 to redeem all of its $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.
see the preceding discussion in this capital resources and liquidity section of md&a for details and any outstanding balances as of december 31, 2017 for the company's lines of credit and fhlb financing arrangement.
the company was in compliance with all of the covenants of its notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2017.
cash returned to shareholders through dividends and treasury stock purchases was $2.0 billion in 2017, compared with $2.1 billion in 2016 and $2.0 billion in 2015.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
under share repurchase authorizations from the company's board of directors, the company purchased 17.8 million shares of its common stock in the open market in 2017, compared with 21.6 million shares in 2016 and 21.2 million shares in 2015. in august 2017, aflac's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 40 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2017, a remaining balance of 49.0 million shares of the company's common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by its board of directors. the company currently plans to purchase $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion of its common stock in 2018, assuming stable capital conditions and absent compelling alternatives. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2017 of $1.74 per share increased 4.8% over 2016. the 2016 dividend paid of $1.66 per share increased 5.1% over 2015. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
in january 2018, the board of directors announced a 15.6% increase in the quarterly cash dividend, effective with the first quarter of 2018. the first quarter 2018 cash dividend of $.52 per share is payable on march 1, 2018, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 21, 2018.
regulatory restrictions aflac and caic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the nebraska department of insurance imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the nebraska department of insurance is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. these regulatory limitations are not expected to affect the level of management fees or dividends paid to the parent company. after the planned japan branch conversion as early as april 1, 2018, nebraska insurance department approval will not be needed for activities of the new subsidiary. (see below for discussion of restrictions imposed by japanese insurance regulators.) a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of aflac's new york insurance subsidiary. as of december 2016, caic was redomiciled from south carolina to nebraska.
the continued long-term growth of the company's business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of its insurance operations. aflac's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, capital contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's risk-based capital (rbc) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations. aflac's company action level rbc ratio was 831% as of december 31, 2017, compared with 894% at december 31, 2016. aflac's rbc ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2017, aflac's total adjusted capital of $12.0 billion exceeded the company action level required capital and surplus of $1.4 billion by $10.6 billion. the u.s. tax act will have a negative impact on aflac's u.s.-only rbc ratio. this reduction occurs as a result of writing down deferred tax assets and the increase in required capital due to the reduction in tax rates. however, aflac expects to recover from this negative impact over a period of three to five years through additional statutory income, assuming that the additional income is fully retained.
the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the parent company by aflac without prior approval of nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2018 in excess of $2.6 billion would be considered extraordinary and require such approval. subsequent to the japan branch conversion to a subsidiary, the company
intends to use extraordinary dividends as needed to actively manage to appropriate rbc levels that are lower yet sufficient to maintain ratings and support prudent capital management. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the impact of permitted practices by the nebraska department of insurance on the company's statutory capital and surplus.
the naic considers its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework to be ongoing. the smi has focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. many of these key issues have been finalized and/or are near completion; however, the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements and group supervision as well as risk-based capital. in addition, the naic is also considering changes to investment risk factors. any negative developments by the naic in these areas could result in increased capital requirements for the company.
aflac is subject to the naic's own risk and solvency assessment (orsa), effective january 1, 2015. through the orsa requirements, aflac is expected to regularly, no less than annually, conduct an orsa to assess the adequacy of its risk management framework, and its current and estimated projected future solvency position; internally document the process and results of the assessment; and provide a confidential high-level orsa summary report annually to the lead state commissioner if the insurer is a member of an insurance group. in november 2017, aflac filed its orsa report with the nebraska department of insurance.
in addition to limitations and restrictions imposed by u.s. insurance regulators, japan's financial services agency (fsa) may not allow profit repatriations from aflac japan if the transfers would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of policyholders. after the planned japan branch conversion as early as april 1, 2018, the new japan subsidiary will be required to meet certain financial criteria as governed by japanese corporate law in order to provide dividends to the parent company. under these criteria, dividend capacity at the japan subsidiary will be defined as retained earnings plus other capital reserve less net after-tax unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities. these dividend capacity requirements are generally aligned with the solvency margin ratio (smr). the fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore the company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, the company has two senior unsecured revolving credit facilities in the amounts of 100 billion yen and 55 billion yen, respectively, and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen as a capital contingency plan. (see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.)
the company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, the company employs policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. in order for a prm-designated asset to be held at amortized cost, there are certain criteria that must be maintained. the primary criteria relates to maintaining the duration of designated assets and liabilities within a specified tolerance range. if the duration difference is not maintained within the specified range without rebalancing, then a certain portion of the assets must be re-classified as available for sale and held at fair value with any associated unrealized gain or loss recorded in surplus. to rebalance, assets may need to be sold in order to maintain the duration with the specified range, resulting in realizing a gain or loss from the sale. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. the company also uses foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of its u.s. dollar-denominated investments. (see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.)
as of december 31, 2017, aflac japan's smr was 1,064%, compared with 945% at december 31, 2016. aflac's smr ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. the fsa has been conducting field testing with the insurance industry concerning the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime. the field testing will assist the fsa in determining if an economic value-based solvency regime in japan will be appropriate for the insurance industry.
payments are made from aflac japan to the parent company for management fees and to aflac u.s. for allocated expenses and remittances of earnings. the following table details aflac japan remittances for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in dollars)     1,150             1,286             2,139
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in yen)         129.3             138.5             259.0
the company had foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on 90.9 billion yen of profit repatriation received from aflac japan in 2017, resulting in $1 million less funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars relative to what would have been received at the then-current exchange rate.
for additional information on regulatory restrictions on dividends, profit repatriations and other transfers, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
additional information investors should note that the company announces material financial information in its sec filings, press releases and public conference calls. in accordance with sec guidance, the company may also use the investor relations section of the company's website (http://investors.aflac.com) to communicate with investors about the company. it is possible that the financial and other information the company posts there could be deemed to be material information. the information on the company's website is not part of this document.