item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those listed below, which apply to us as an insurer, investor and a provider of other products and financial services. our risks have been categorized as follows: insurance industry, financial, investment, operational, regulatory and legal, and strategic risks. these cautionary statements should be considered carefully together with other factors discussed elsewhere in this document, in our filings with the securities and exchange commission ("sec") or in materials incorporated therein by reference.
insurance industry risks catastrophes and severe weather events may subject our property and casualty business to significant losses our property and casualty business may be exposed to catastrophic events such as earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, wildfires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, tropical storms, terrorism or industrial accidents which could cause operating results to vary significantly from one period to the next, despite the catastrophe management programs. we may incur catastrophe losses in our auto and property business in excess of: (1) those experienced in prior years, (2) the average expected level used in pricing, (3) current reinsurance coverage limits, or (4) loss estimates from external hurricane and earthquake models at various levels of probability. for example, our historical catastrophe experience includes losses relating to named storm sandy in 2012 totaling $1.2 billion, hurricane katrina in 2005 totaling $3.6 billion and the northridge earthquake of 1994 totaling $2.1 billion. we are also exposed to assessments from the california earthquake authority, texas windstorm insurance association, various state-created insurance facilities, and to losses that could surpass the capitalization of these facilities. although we have historically financed the settlement of catastrophes from operating cash flows, including very large catastrophes that had complicated issues resulting in settlement delays, our liquidity could be constrained by a catastrophe, or multiple catastrophes, which could result in extraordinary losses or a downgrade of our debt or financial strength ratings.
in addition, we are subject to claims arising from weather events such as winter storms, rain, hail and high winds. the incidence and severity of weather conditions are largely unpredictable. there is generally an increase in the frequency and severity of auto and property claims when severe weather conditions occur.
our property and casualty results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected due to limitations in the analytical models used to assess and predict the exposure to catastrophe losses along with others in the insurance industry, we use models developed by third party vendors as well as our own historic data in assessing our property insurance exposure to catastrophe losses. these models assume various conditions and probability scenarios. such models do not necessarily accurately predict future losses or measure losses currently incurred. catastrophe models use historical information and scientific research about hurricanes and earthquakes as well as detailed information about our in-force business. we use this information in connection with pricing and risk management activities. however, since actual catastrophic events vary considerably, there are limitations with respect to its usefulness in predicting losses in any reporting period. other limitations are evident in significant variations in estimates between models, material increases and decreases in results due to model changes and refinements of the underlying data elements and actual conditions that are not yet well understood or may not be properly incorporated into the models.
our catastrophe management strategy may adversely affect premium growth due to catastrophe risk management efforts, the size of our homeowners business has been negatively impacted in the past and may be negatively impacted if we take further actions. homeowners premium growth rates and retention could be adversely impacted by adjustments to our business structure, size and underwriting practices in markets with significant severe weather and catastrophe risk exposure.
unexpected increases in the frequency or severity of property and casualty claims may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition our property and casualty business may experience volatility in claim frequency from time to time, and short-term trends may not continue over the longer term. changes in auto claim frequency may result from changes in mix of business, miles driven, distracted driving or other macroeconomic factors. a significant increase in claim frequency could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
changes in bodily injury claim severity are impacted by inflation in medical costs, litigation trends and precedents, regulation and the overall safety of automobile travel. changes in auto property damage claim severity are driven primarily by inflation in the cost to repair vehicles, including parts and labor rates, the mix of vehicles that are declared total losses, model year mix as well as used car values. changes in homeowners claim severity are driven by inflation in the construction industry, building materials and home furnishings, changes in the mix of loss type, and by other economic and environmental factors, including short-term supply imbalances for services and supplies in areas affected by catastrophes. increases in claim severity can arise from unexpected events that are inherently difficult to predict. although we pursue various loss management initiatives to mitigate future increases in claim severity, there can be no assurances that these initiatives will successfully identify or reduce the effect of future increases in claim severity.
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures changes in the level of price competition and the use of underwriting standards in the property and casualty business may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition the property and casualty market historically has been cyclical with periods characterized by relatively high levels of price competition, less restrictive underwriting standards and relatively low premium rates, followed by periods of relatively lower levels of competition, more selective underwriting standards and relatively high premium rates. a downturn in the profitability of the property and casualty business could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
additionally, we may increase premium rates and adopt tighter underwriting standards in response to underwriting results, which may result in a decline in new business and renewals and negatively impact our competitive position.
reinsurance may be unavailable at current levels and prices, which may limit our ability to write new business market conditions beyond our control impact the availability and cost of the reinsurance we purchase. no assurances can be made that reinsurance will remain continuously available to us to the same extent and on the same terms and rates as is currently available. our personal lines catastrophe reinsurance program was designed, utilizing our risk management methodology, to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide. for example, our ability to afford reinsurance to reduce our catastrophe risk in designated areas may be dependent upon our ability to adjust premium rates for its cost, and there are no assurances that the terms and rates for our current reinsurance program will continue to be available in future years. if we were unable to maintain our current level of reinsurance or purchase new reinsurance protection in amounts that we consider sufficient at acceptable prices, we would have to either accept an increase in our catastrophe exposure, reduce our insurance writings, or develop or seek other alternatives.
reinsurance subjects us to risks of our reinsurers and may not be adequate to protect us against losses arising from ceded insurance, which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition the collectability of reinsurance recoverables is subject to uncertainty arising from a number of factors, including changes in market conditions, whether insured losses meet the qualifying conditions of the reinsurance contract and whether reinsurers, their affiliates, or certain regulatory bodies have the financial capacity and willingness to make payments under the terms of a reinsurance treaty or contract. additionally, reinsurance placed in the catastrophe bond market may not provide the same level of coverage as reinsurance placed in the traditional market. any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets may decrease our ability to access such market on favorable terms or at all. our inability to collect a material recovery from a reinsurer could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
changing climate and weather conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, profitability or cash flows climate change, solar flares, eruption of volcanoes, el niño, la niña and other events to the extent any one of these produces changes in weather patterns may increase the frequency and severity of weather events and natural catastrophes. for example, due to changing climate conditions, there may be an increase in the frequency and intensity of storms, tornadoes and hurricanes as well as wildfires and flooding in various geographic areas. additionally, there may be an impact on the demand, price and availability of automobile and homeowners insurance, reinsurance coverages as well as the value of our investment portfolio. due to significant variability associated with future changing climate conditions we are unable to predict the impact climate change will have on our business.
underwriting changes and actual experience could materially affect profitability and financial condition of our life, voluntary benefits and annuity businesses our product pricing includes long-term assumptions regarding investment returns, mortality, morbidity, persistency and operating costs and expenses of the business. we establish target returns for each product based upon these factors and the average amount of capital we must hold to support in-force contracts taking into account rating agencies and regulatory requirements. we monitor and manage pricing and overall sales mix to achieve target new business returns on a portfolio basis, which could result in the discontinuation or de-emphasis of products and a decline in sales. profitability from new business emerges over a period of years depending on the nature and life of the product and is subject to variability as actual results may differ from pricing assumptions. additionally, many of our products have fixed or guaranteed terms that limit our ability to increase revenues or reduce benefits, including credited interest, once the product has been issued.
many of our voluntary benefits employer contracts are renewed annually. there is a risk that employers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from competitors than they could by renewing coverage with us. these competitive pressures may adversely affect the persistency of these products, as well as our ability to sell products.
our profitability depends on the sufficiency of premiums and contract charges to cover mortality and morbidity benefits, the adequacy of investment spreads, the persistency of policies, the management of market and credit risks associated with investments, and the management of operating costs and expenses within anticipated pricing allowances. legislation and regulation of the insurance marketplace and products could also affect our profitability and financial condition.
18  www.allstate.com part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures 2017 form 10-k actual claims incurred may exceed current reserves established for claims including claims relating to asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition recorded claim reserves, including case reserves and incurred but not reported claims reserves ("ibnr"), are based on our best estimates of losses after considering known facts and interpretations of the circumstances, including settlement agreements. additionally, models that rely on the assumption that past loss development patterns will persist into the future are used. internal factors are considered including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns, pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix, contractual terms and changes in claim reporting and settlement practices. external factors are also considered, such as court decisions, changes in law and litigation imposing unintended coverage. we also consider benefits, such as disallowing the use of benefit payment schedules, requiring coverage designed to cover losses that occur in a single policy period to losses that develop continuously over multiple policy periods or requiring the availability of multiple limits. regulatory requirements and economic conditions are also considered.
since reserves are estimates of the unpaid portion of losses that have occurred, including ibnr losses, the establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophes, is an inherently uncertain and complex process that is continually refined to reflect current processes and practices. the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition as the reserves are reestimated.
furthermore, the process of estimating asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines liabilities is also inherently uncertain. the process is complicated by complex legal issues concerning, among other things, the interpretation of various insurance policy provisions, whether losses are covered or were intended to be covered and whether losses could be recoverable through retrospectively determined premium, reinsurance or other contractual agreements. asbestos-related bankruptcies and litigation are complex, lengthy proceedings that involve substantial uncertainty for insurers. actuarial techniques, databases and reinsurance assumptions used in estimating asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines net loss reserves may prove to be inadequate indicators of the extent of probable loss. ultimate net losses from these discontinued lines could materially exceed established loss reserves and expected recoveries and have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition as the reserves are reestimated.
changes in reserve estimates for our life, voluntary benefits and annuity businesses may adversely affect our results of operations the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits payable under insurance policies, including traditional life insurance, life-contingent immediate annuities and voluntary accident and health insurance products, is computed on the basis of long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields, mortality, morbidity, persistency and expenses. future investment yields may be lower than our current projections. mortality and morbidity may continue to improve due to medical advancements, resulting in policyholders living longer than anticipated. we periodically review the adequacy of these reserves and if future experience differs significantly from assumptions, adjustments to reserves and amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") may be required that could have a material effect on our results of operations. we also review these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years. if this circumstance exists, we will be required to accrue a liability during the period of profits to offset the losses at such time as the future losses are expected to commence. prior to fourth quarter 2017, we evaluated our traditional life insurance products and immediate annuities with life contingencies on an aggregate basis. in conjunction with the segment changes in fourth quarter 2017, traditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance products are reviewed individually. this increases the risk that we will have to record a premium deficiency adjustment in the future for immediate annuities with life contingencies.
changes in estimates of profitability on interest-sensitive life products may adversely affect our profitability and financial condition dac related to interest-sensitive life contracts is amortized in proportion to actual historical gross profits and estimated future gross profits ("egp") over the estimated lives of the contracts. the principal assumptions for determining the amount of egp are mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses on assets supporting contract liabilities, interest crediting rates to contractholders, and the effects of any hedges. updates to these assumptions, commonly referred to as "dac unlocking," could result in accelerated amortization of dac and thereby adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. in addition, assumption changes impact the reserve for secondary guarantees on interest-sensitive life insurance and could also lead to volatility in net income.
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures financial risks conditions in the global economy and capital markets could adversely affect our business and results of operations conditions in the global economy and capital markets could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. this includes high and sustained unemployment in certain regions and lower labor participation rates in others, reduced consumer spending, low economic growth, lower residential and commercial real estate prices, substantial increases in delinquencies on consumer debt, the relatively low availability of credit and ineffective central bank monetary policies.
stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets or financial asset classes could adversely affect our investment portfolio. disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. although the disruption in the global financial markets has moderated, the rate of recovery from the u.s. recession has been below historic averages, and the pace of recovery in many foreign markets is lagging that of the u.s. in addition, events in the u.s. or foreign markets, such as the united kingdom's june 2016 referendum in which they voted to leave the eu, can impact the global economy and capital markets. the impact of such events is difficult to predict.
in the years since the financial crisis, the central banks of most developed countries have pursued highly accommodative monetary policies. higher volatility and less certainty in capital markets may result as the u.s. federal reserve, through the federal open market committee, raises interest rates and as global monetary policies diverge.
general economic conditions could adversely affect us by impacting consumer behavior and pressuring investment results. consumer behavior changes may include decreased demand for our products; for example, if consumers purchase fewer automobiles, sales of auto insurance may decline. also, if consumers become more cost conscious, they may choose lower levels of auto and homeowners insurance. in addition, holders of interest-sensitive life insurance and annuity products may engage in an elevated level of discretionary withdrawals of contractholder funds. investment results could be adversely affected as deteriorating financial and business conditions affect the issuers of the securities in the investment portfolio.
a downgrade in our financial strength ratings may have an adverse effect on our competitive position, the marketability of our product offerings, our liquidity, access to and cost of borrowing, results of operations and financial condition financial strength ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and generally have an effect on an insurance company's business. rating agencies continuously review our financial performance and condition. they could downgrade or change the outlook on our ratings due to a change in the statutory capital of one of our insurance companies, a change in a rating agency's determination of the amount of risk-adjusted capital required to maintain a particular rating, an increase in the perceived risk of our investment portfolio, a reduced confidence in management or our business strategy, as well as a number of other considerations that may or may not be under our control. the insurance financial strength ratings of allstate insurance company, allstate life insurance company, allstate assurance company and the allstate corporation's senior debt ratings from a.m. best, s&p global ratings and moody's are subject to continuous review and the retention of current ratings cannot be assured. a downgrade in any of these ratings could have a material effect on our sales, competitiveness, the marketability of our product offerings, liquidity, access to and cost of borrowing, results of operations and financial condition.
public law 115-97, known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax legislation") became effective on december 22, 2017, resulting in a permanent reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. ratings agencies and regulators are reviewing their methodologies and may implement changes that could impact the amount of required capital to be maintained.
adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms in periods of extreme volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, liquidity and credit capacity may be severely restricted. in such circumstances, our ability to obtain capital to fund operating expenses, financing costs, capital expenditures or acquisitions may be limited, and the cost of any such capital may be significant. our access to additional financing depends on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as lenders' perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms.
we may be required to recognize impairments in the value of our goodwill, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually, or more frequently if conditions warrant, by comparing the carrying value, attributed equity, of a reporting unit to its estimated fair value. market declines or other events impacting the fair value of a reporting unit could result in a goodwill impairment, resulting in a charge to income. such a charge could
20  www.allstate.com part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures 2017 form 10-k have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends may affect our liquidity and ability to meet our obligations the allstate corporation is a holding company with no significant operations. its principal assets are the stock of its subsidiaries and its directly held short-term cash portfolio. its liabilities include debt and pension and other postretirement benefit obligations related to allstate insurance company employees. state insurance regulatory authorities limit the payment of dividends by insurance subsidiaries, as described in note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. the limitations are based on statutory income and surplus. in addition, competitive pressures generally require the subsidiaries to maintain insurance financial strength ratings. these restrictions and other regulatory requirements affect the ability of the subsidiaries to make dividend payments. limits on the ability of the subsidiaries to pay dividends could adversely affect holding company liquidity, including the ability to pay dividends to shareholders, service debt or complete share repurchase programs in the timeframe expected.
management views enterprise economic capital as a combination of statutory surplus and invested assets at the parent holding company level. deterioration in statutory surplus or earnings, from developments such as catastrophe losses, or changes in market conditions or interest rates, could adversely affect holding company liquidity by impacting the amount of dividends from subsidiaries or the utilization of invested assets at the holding company to increase statutory surplus or for other corporate purposes.
following the reduction in the tax rate related to the tax legislation, the naic may revise the methodology for calculating the risk-based capital ("rbc") ratios of insurance companies and increase the amount of capital and reserves insurance companies are required to hold.  if such potential revision of the naic's rbc ratio methodology would result in a reduction in the rbc ratio of our insurance subsidiaries, they may be required to hold additional capital and reserves.  although we do not expect that such potential revisions would impact our current dividend plans, any increase in the amount of capital or reserves our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold could reduce the amount of dividends such subsidiaries are able to distribute to the holding company.  any reduction in the rbc ratios of our insurance subsidiaries could also adversely affect their financial strength ratings.
our ability to pay dividends or repurchase stock is subject to limitations under terms of certain of our securities subject to certain limited exceptions, during any dividend period while our preferred stock is outstanding, unless the full preferred stock dividends for the preceding dividend period have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside and any declared but unpaid preferred stock dividends for any prior period have been paid, we may not repurchase or pay dividends on common stock. if and when dividends on preferred stock have not been declared and paid in full for at least six quarterly dividend periods, the authorized number of directors then constituting the board of directors will be increased by two, to be elected by the holders of preferred stock together with the holders of all other affected classes and series of voting parity stock, voting as a single class, subject to certain conditions.
we are prohibited from declaring or paying dividends on preferred stock if we fail to meet specified capital adequacy, net income or shareholders' equity levels. the prohibition is subject to an exception permitting us to declare dividends out of the net proceeds of common stock issued by us during the 90 days prior to the date of declaration even if we fail to meet such levels.
the terms of the outstanding subordinated debentures also prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our common or preferred stock or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or making liquidation payments on our common stock or preferred stock if we have elected to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures, subject to certain limited exceptions.
investment risks our investment portfolios are subject to market risk and declines in credit quality, which may adversely affect investment income and cause realized and unrealized losses we continually reevaluate investment management strategies since we are subject to the risk of loss due to adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices and currency exchange rates. such adverse changes may occur due to changes in monetary policy and the economic climate, the liquidity of a market or market segment, investor return expectations and/or risk tolerance, insolvency or financial distress of key market makers or participants, or changes in market perceptions of credit worthiness. the performance and value of our investment portfolios are also subject to market risk related to investments in real estate, loans and securities collateralized by real estate. moreover, some of our investment strategies target individual investments with unique risks that are less highly correlated with broad market risks. although we expect these investments to increase total portfolio returns over time, their performance may vary from and under-perform relative to the market.
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures our investment portfolios are subject to risks associated with potential declines in credit quality related to specific issuers or specific industries and a general weakening of the economy, which are typically reflected through credit spreads. credit spread is the additional yield on fixed income securities and loans above the risk-free rate, typically referenced as the yield on u.s. treasury securities, that market participants require to compensate them for assuming credit, liquidity and/or prepayment risks. credit spreads vary in response to the market's perception of risk and liquidity in a specific issuer or specific sector. additionally, credit spreads are influenced by the credit ratings, and the reliability of those ratings, published by external rating agencies. although we have the ability to use derivative financial instruments to manage these risks, the effectiveness of such instruments varies with liquidity and other conditions that may impact derivative and bond markets. adverse economic conditions or other factors could cause declines in the quality and valuation of our investment portfolio that would result in realized and unrealized losses. the concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular issuer, industry, collateral type, group of related industries, geographic sector or risk type could have an adverse effect on our investment portfolios and consequently on our results of operations and financial condition.
a decline in market interest rates or credit spreads could have an adverse effect on investment income as we invest cash in new investments that may earn less than the portfolio's average yield. in a low interest rate environment, borrowers may prepay or redeem securities more quickly than expected as they seek to refinance at lower rates. sustained low interest rates could also lead to purchases of longer-term or riskier assets in order to obtain adequate investment yields, which could also result in a duration gap when compared to the duration of liabilities. alternatively, longer-term assets may be sold and reinvested in shorter-term assets that may have lower yields in anticipation of rising interest rates. an increase in market interest rates or credit spreads could have an adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio by decreasing the fair values of the fixed income securities that comprise a substantial majority of our investment portfolio. declining equity markets and/or increases in interest rates or credit spreads could also cause the value of the investments in our pension plans to decrease. declines in interest rates could cause the funding ratio to decline and the value of the obligations for our pension and postretirement plans to increase. these factors could decrease the funded status of our pension and postretirement plans, increasing the likelihood or magnitude of future benefit expense and contributions. this could also reduce the accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") component of shareholders' equity.
the amount and timing of net investment income from our performance-based investments, which primarily includes limited partnership interests, can fluctuate significantly as a result of the underlying investments' performance. additionally, the timing of capital contributions and distributions depends on particular events, schedules for making distributions, and cash needs related to the investments. as a result, the amount of net investment income recognized and cash contributed to or received from these investments can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. significant volatility or market downturns could adversely impact net investment income, valuation and returns on these investments.
the determination of the amount of realized capital losses recorded for impairments of our investments is subjective and could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition the determination of the amount of realized capital losses recorded for impairments vary by investment type and is based upon our ongoing evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. we update our evaluations regularly and reflect changes in other-than-temporary impairments in our results of operations. the assessment of whether other-than-temporary impairments have occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in fair value. our conclusions on such assessments are judgmental and include assumptions and projections of future cash flows and price recovery which may ultimately prove to be incorrect as assumptions, facts and circumstances change. furthermore, historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments and additional impairments may need to be recorded in the future.
the determination of the fair value of our fixed income and equity securities is subjective and could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition in determining fair values, we principally use the market approach which utilizes market transaction data for the same or similar instruments. the degree of judgment involved in determining fair values is inversely related to the availability of market observable information. the fair value of assets may differ from the actual amount received upon the sale of an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. moreover, the use of different valuation assumptions may have a material effect on the assets' fair values. the difference between amortized cost or cost and fair value, net of deferred income taxes and related life and annuity dac, deferred sales inducement costs and reserves for life-contingent contract benefits, is reflected as a component of aoci in shareholders' equity. changing market conditions could materially affect the determination of the fair value of securities and unrealized net capital gains and losses could vary significantly.
changes in market interest rates or performance-based investment returns may lead to a significant decrease in the profitability of our annuity business our ability to manage the in-force spread-based products, such as fixed annuities, is dependent upon maintaining profitable spreads between investment returns and interest crediting rates. when market
22  www.allstate.com part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures 2017 form 10-k interest rates decrease or remain at low levels, proceeds from investments that have matured or have been prepaid or sold may be reinvested at lower yields, reducing investment spread. lowering interest crediting rates on some products in such an environment can partially offset decreases in investment yield. however, these changes could be limited by regulatory minimum rates or contractual minimum rate guarantees on many contracts and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in investment yields. increases in market interest rates can have negative effects, for example by increasing the attractiveness of other investments to our customers, which can lead to increased surrenders at a time when fixed income investment asset values are lower as a result of the increase in interest rates. this could lead to the sale of fixed income securities at a loss. in addition, changes in market interest rates impact the valuation of derivatives embedded in equity-indexed annuity contracts that are not hedged, which could lead to volatility in net income. additionally, the amount of net investment income from performance-based investments backing the immediate annuity liabilities can vary substantially from quarter to quarter. significant volatility or market downturns could adversely impact net investment income, valuation and returns, and collectability of undistributed appreciation related to these investments. we also have certain international limited partnership investments that could be impacted by increased investment, economic, regulatory and legal risks, which could adversely affect our operating results.
operational risks new or changing technologies, including those impacting personal transportation, could cause a disruption in our business model which may materially impact our results of operations and financial condition we are investing in telematics and broadening the value proposition for the connected consumer as it relates to personal automobile transportation.
our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by, among other things, the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences, using surcharges along with pricing discounts for both new business and renewal business, the market and competitors within the market who are moving to a broader use of telematics-based rate segmentation and changes in consumer demand due to improvements in telematics technology. also, telematics on-board diagnostic devices have been identified as a potential means for an unauthorized person to connect with a vehicle's computer system resulting in theft or damage, which could affect our ability to use these technologies successfully.
if we are not effective in anticipating the impact on our business of changing technology, including automotive technology, our ability to successfully operate may be impaired.  our business could also be affected by potential technological changes, such as autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles or technologies that facilitate ride, car or home sharing.
such changes could disrupt the demand for products from current customers, create coverage issues or impact the frequency or severity of losses, or reduce the size of the automobile insurance market, causing our auto insurance business to decline. since auto insurance constitutes a significant portion of our overall business, we may be more sensitive than other insurers and more adversely affected by trends that could decrease auto insurance rates or reduce demand for auto insurance over time. we may not be able to respond effectively to these changes, which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
the failure in cyber or other information security, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation, additional costs and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively we depend heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms and data to perform necessary business functions. we collect, use, store or transmit an increasingly large amount of confidential, proprietary, and other information (including personal information of customers, claimants or employees) in connection with the operation of our business. despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, we are increasingly exposed to the risk that our computer systems could be subject to cyberattacks and unauthorized access, such as physical and electronic break-ins or unauthorized tampering. we have experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures and disruptions. events such as these could jeopardize the information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss. these risks may increase in the future as we continue to expand internet and mobile strategies, develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our employees and customers, and build and maintain an integrated digital enterprise.
third parties to whom we outsource certain of our functions are also subject to these risks. while we review and assess our third party providers' cybersecurity controls, as appropriate, and make changes to our business processes to manage these risks, we cannot assure that our attempts to keep such information confidential will always be successful.
personal information, as described above, is subject to an increasing number of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security, as well as contractual commitments. any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with such obligations may result in governmental enforcement actions and fines, litigation, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause our employees and the allstate corporation  23
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business.
we continually enhance our cyber and information security in order to be resilient against emerging threats and improve our ability to detect and respond to attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems.  from time to time, the company and the audit committee engage independent advisors to assess and consult on cybersecurity matters. we also perform an on-going and continuous assessment of the quality of our program and identify opportunities to strengthen our cybersecurity controls.  however, due to the increasing frequency and sophistication of such cyberattacks and changes in technology, there can be no assurance that a cyberattack will not take place with negative consequences, including an adverse effect to our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the occurrence of a disaster, such as a natural catastrophe, pandemic, industrial accident, blackout, terrorist attack, war, cyberattack, computer virus, insider threat, unanticipated problems with our disaster recovery systems, or a support failure from external providers, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval systems or destroy data. if a significant number of managers were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be severely compromised.
we also have business process and information technology operations in canada, northern ireland, india and the united kingdom that are subject to operating, regulatory and political risks in those countries. any of these may result in our incurring substantial costs and other negative consequences, including an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
a large-scale pandemic, the continued threat or occurrence of terrorism or military actions may have an adverse effect on the level of claim losses we incur, the value of our investment portfolio, our competitive position, marketability of product offerings, liquidity and results of operations a large-scale pandemic, the continued threat or occurrence of terrorism, within the u.s. and abroad, or military and other actions, and heightened security measures in response to these types of threats, may cause significant volatility and losses in our investment portfolio from declines in the equity markets and from interest rate changes in the u.s., europe and elsewhere, and result in loss of life, property damage, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. some of the assets in our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by a large-scale pandemic or the continued threat of terrorism. additionally, a large-scale pandemic or terrorist act could have a material effect on the sales, profitability, competitiveness, marketability of product offerings, liquidity, and operating results.
loss of key vendor relationships or failure of a vendor to protect our data, confidential and proprietary information, or personal information of our customers, claimants or employees could affect our operations we rely on services and products provided by many vendors in the u.s. and abroad. these include, for example, vendors of computer hardware and software, and vendors and/or outsourcing of services such as claim adjustment services, human resource benefits management services and investment management services. in the event that any vendor suffers a bankruptcy or otherwise becomes unable to continue to provide products or services, or fails to protect our confidential, proprietary, and other information (including personal information of customers, claimants or employees), we may suffer operational impairments and financial losses.
we may be subject to the risks and costs associated with intellectual property infringement, misappropriation and third party claims we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we use a broad range of measures to protect intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect intellectual property and to determine its scope, validity or enforceability, which could divert significant resources and prove unsuccessful. an inability to protect intellectual property could have a material effect on our business.
we may be subject to claims by third parties for patent, trademark or copyright infringement or breach of usage rights. any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability. if third party providers or we are found to have infringed a third-party intellectual property right, either of us could be enjoined from providing certain products or services or from utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses. alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly work-around. any of these scenarios could have a material effect on our business and results of operations.
regulatory and legal risks a regulatory environment that requires rate increases to be approved and that can dictate underwriting practices and mandate participation in loss sharing arrangements may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition from time to time, political events and positions affect the insurance market, including efforts to suppress rates to a level that may not allow us to reach targeted levels of profitability. for example, if our loss ratio compares favorably to that of the industry, state or provincial regulatory authorities may impose rate rollbacks, require us to pay premium refunds to policyholders, or challenge or otherwise delay our
24  www.allstate.com part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures 2017 form 10-k efforts to raise rates even if the property and casualty industry generally is not experiencing regulatory challenges to rate increases. such challenges affect our ability to obtain approval for rate changes that may be required to achieve targeted levels of profitability and returns on equity. moreover, our ability to purchase reinsurance required to reduce catastrophe risk in designated areas may be dependent upon the ability to adjust rates for its cost. if we are unsuccessful, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
in addition, certain states have enacted laws that require an insurer conducting business in that state to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations. certain states also require the insurer to offer coverage to all consumers, often restricting an insurer's ability to charge the price it might otherwise charge. in these markets, we may be compelled to underwrite significant amounts of business at lower-than-desired rates, possibly leading to an unacceptable return on equity. alternatively, as the facilities recognize a financial deficit, they could have the ability to assess participating insurers, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial condition. laws and regulations of many states also limit an insurer's ability to withdraw from one or more lines of insurance there, except pursuant to a plan that is approved by the state insurance department. additionally, certain states require an insurer to participate in guaranty funds for impaired or insolvent insurance companies. these funds periodically assess losses against all insurance companies doing business in the state. our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by any of these factors.
regulatory reforms, and the more stringent application of existing regulations, may make it more expensive for us to conduct our business the federal government has enacted comprehensive regulatory reforms for financial services entities. as part of a larger effort to strengthen the regulation of the financial services market, certain reforms are applicable to the insurance industry.
in recent years, the state insurance regulatory framework has come under public scrutiny. members of congress have discussed proposals to provide for federal chartering of insurance companies. the federal insurance office ("fio") and financial stability oversight council ("fsoc") were also established. if the fsoc were to determine that allstate is a "systemically important" nonbank financial company, allstate would be subject to regulation by the federal reserve board. we can make no assurances regarding the potential impact of state or federal measures that change the nature or scope of insurance and financial regulation.
in 2016, the u.s. department of labor ("dol") issued a rule that expands the range of activities that would be considered to be "investment advice" and establishes a new framework for determining whether a person is a fiduciary when selling mutual funds, variable and indexed annuities, or variable life products in connection with an ira or employee benefit plan covered under erisa. see the regulation section, broker-dealers, investment advisors and investment companies, for additional information.
such regulatory reforms, additional legislative or regulatory requirements and any further stringent enforcement of existing regulations may make it more expensive for us to conduct business and limit our ability to grow or to achieve profitability.
changes in tax laws may affect our operations, decrease sales and profitability of products and adversely affect our financial condition the tax legislation contains numerous changes, including a permanent reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning january 1, 2018, and a change to the international system of taxation to a modified territorial system. while we believe the overall effect of the tax legislation may have a positive impact on us and our customers, it also includes changes to the income tax basis for the amortization periods for deferred acquisition costs, the computation of insurance tax reserves, deductibility of certain corporate expenses and rules relating to the dividends received deduction that, when taken separately, will not be beneficial to us.
under current federal and state income tax law, certain products, primarily life insurance, receive beneficial tax treatment. this favorable treatment may give some products a competitive advantage over noninsurance products. congress and various state legislatures occasionally consider legislation that could reduce or eliminate the beneficial policyholder tax treatment currently applicable to life insurance. congress and state legislatures also consider proposals to reduce the taxation of certain products or investments that may compete with life insurance. legislation that increases the taxation on insurance products or reduces the taxation on competing products could lessen the advantage or create a disadvantage for some products by making them less competitive. such proposals, if adopted, could impact the demand for certain of our life insurance products that offer income tax deferrals and may have a material effect on our profitability and financial condition and could result in the surrender of some existing contracts and policies. in addition, changes in the federal estate tax laws could negatively affect the demand for the types of life insurance used in estate planning.
we may not be able to mitigate the capital impact associated with statutory reserving and capital requirements, potentially resulting in a need to increase prices, reduce sales of certain products, and/or accept a return on equity below original levels assumed in pricing regulatory capital and reserving requirements affect the amount of capital required to be maintained by our life insurance companies.  changes to capital or reserving requirements or regulatory interpretations may result in additional capital held in our life insurance companies. to support statutory reserves for certain life insurance products, we currently utilize reinsurance and captive reserve financing solutions for the allstate corporation  25
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures financing a portion of our statutory reserve requirements deemed to be non-economic. changes to capital or reserving requirements or an inability to continue existing financing as a result of market conditions or otherwise could require us to increase prices, reduce our sales of certain products, and/or accept a return on equity below original levels assumed in pricing.
changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles, which are periodically revised, interpreted and/or expanded. our life insurance business involves products that remain in force for extended time periods. accordingly, we may be required to adopt new guidance or interpretations, including those that relate to products which remain in force for extended time periods and were designed and issued in contemplation of a different accounting framework, which may have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition that is either unexpected or has a greater impact than expected. for a description of changes in accounting standards that are currently pending and, if known, our estimates of their expected impact, see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
our policyholders and shareholders make decisions in part based on an evaluation of our reported financial condition, results of operations as well as the stability and predictability of those conditions and results. potential accounting changes that retroactively affect long-duration insurance contracts and require more market-based measurements may introduce substantial variability and may unfavorably impact our reported financial condition and results of operations as well as their stability and predictability. the potential impacts of a retroactive accounting change applied to long-duration insurance contracts could be pervasive and may unfavorably impact policyholder and shareholder assessments of our financial condition and results of operations.
losses from legal and regulatory actions may be material to our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition we are involved in various legal actions, including class action litigation challenging a range of company practices and coverage provided by our insurance products, some of which involve claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts. we are also involved in various regulatory actions and inquiries, including market conduct exams by state insurance regulatory agencies. in the event of an unfavorable outcome in any of these matters, the ultimate liability may be in excess of amounts currently accrued, if any, and may be material to our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. the aggregate estimate of the range of reasonably possible loss in excess of the amount accrued, if any, disclosed in note 14 of the consolidated financial statements is not an indication of expected loss, if any.
we are subject to extensive regulation and potential further restrictive regulation may increase our operating costs and limit our growth as insurance companies, broker-dealers, investment advisers, investment companies and other types of companies, many of our subsidiaries are subject to extensive laws and regulations that are complex and subject to change. changes may sometimes lead to additional expenses, increased legal exposure, increased required reserves or capital, and additional limits on our ability to grow or to achieve targeted profitability. moreover, laws and regulations are administered and enforced by a number of different governmental authorities, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude, including state insurance regulators; state securities administrators; state attorneys general as well as federal agencies including the sec, the financial industry regulatory authority, the dol, the u.s. department of justice and the national labor relations board. consequently, we are subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal issue may not result in compliance with another's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight.
in addition, there is risk that any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal issue may change over time to our detriment. there is also a risk that changes in the overall legal environment may cause us to change our views regarding the actions we need to take from a legal risk management perspective. this would necessitate changes to our practices that may adversely impact our business. furthermore, in some cases, these laws and regulations are designed to protect or benefit the interests of a specific constituency rather than a range of constituencies. for example, state insurance laws and regulations are generally intended to protect or benefit purchasers or users of insurance products, not holders of securities that we issue. these laws and regulations may limit our ability to grow or to improve the profitability of our business.
our participation in certain state industry pools and facilities subjects us to the risk that reimbursement for qualifying claims and claims expenses may not be received, which could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition we have exposure associated with the michigan catastrophic claim association ("mcca"), a state-mandated indemnification mechanism for personal injury protection losses that exceed a retention level which is adjusted upward every other mcca fiscal year based on a formula. we also have exposure associated with the new jersey property-liability insurance guaranty association ("pliga") which provides reimbursement to insurers for certain qualifying medical benefits portion of personal injury protection coverage paid in excess of certain levels. we also have exposure associated with the north carolina
26  www.allstate.com part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures 2017 form 10-k reinsurance facility ("ncrf"), which provides automobile liability insurance to drivers that insurers are not otherwise willing to insure. the mcca and ncrf are currently operating with a statutory surplus deficit. our reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid claims from the mcca, pliga and ncrf was $5.26 billion, $493 million and $86 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2017.
the mcca is funded by annually assessing participating member companies actively writing motor vehicle coverage in michigan on a per vehicle basis. the mcca's calculation of the annual assessment is based upon the total of members' actuarially determined present value of expected payments on lifetime claims by all persons expected to be catastrophically injured in that year, its operating expenses and adjustments for the amount of excesses or deficiencies in prior assessments. the mcca reimburses all current and former member companies (whether or not actively writing motor vehicle coverage in michigan) for qualifying claims and claims expenses incurred while the member companies were actively writing the mandatory personal injury protection coverage in michigan.
the mcca's annual assessments have been sufficient to fund current operations and member companies' reimbursements to date since inception, but they have not resulted in sufficient pre-funding of its ultimate obligation to reimburse all expected future billings from member companies for reimbursement of their ultimate qualifying claims.  there is no method by which insurers are able to obtain the benefit of managed care programs to reduce claims costs through the mcca. member companies actively writing automobile coverage in michigan include the mcca annual assessments in determining the level of premiums to charge insureds in the state.
the mcca has a statutory accounting permitted practice that has been granted by the michigan department of insurance to discount its liabilities for loss and loss adjustment expense. as of june 30, 2017, the date of the most recent statutory financial reports, the permitted practice reduced the mcca's accumulated deficit of $48.71 billion by $46.08 billion to $2.63 billion. calculation of the pre-funding shortfall is dependent on actuarial estimates and investment funding decisions. the mcca is not pursing economic actions approved by the michigan department of insurance that may eliminate the accumulated deficit. as of december 31, 2016, our auto market share in michigan was 8.6%.
technological changes such as autonomous or partially autonomous vehicles or technologies that facilitate ride sharing could significantly impact the number of vehicles in use or the extent of customer needs for vehicle insurance. although the timing and extent of the technology changes and their impact on the numbers of motor vehicle insurance policies and the extent of their coverage in michigan are uncertain, these changes may result in a diminished number of insured vehicles over which mcca assessments can be recovered. if this occurs, we may not be able to recover all of the mcca's assessments through our insurance premiums collected from our insureds. consequently, we may experience increased costs to operate our business. moreover, the mcca may not be able to sufficiently assess member companies annually to fund its obligation to reimburse its ultimate obligation to all member companies for qualifying claims and claims expenses. our inability to recover mcca annual assessments from insureds or obtain reimbursement for the payment of covered claims ultimately reimbursable by the mcca could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
impacts from the covered agreement may involve changes in state insurance laws that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition existing laws in 15 states require some form of collateral to be posted for the benefit of the ceding insurer when an assuming reinsurer is not domiciled in the ceding company's state of domicile. in the remaining states, laws governing reinsurance typically require an assuming reinsurer to post an amount of collateral, based on an independently determined financial strength rating and other factors including whether a particular reinsurer has achieved certified status. under dodd-frank, a covered agreement may pre-empt state insurance laws that are inconsistent with its terms. the covered agreement signed by the u.s. and eu provides states with five years from the date of signature to conform their laws with its terms to avoid preemption. the covered agreement between the u.s. and eu could eliminate the requirement for all eu reinsurers that meet certain minimum requirements to post collateral. the elimination of existing collateral requirements could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition if reinsurers fail to pay our reinsurance billings.
strategic risks our future growth and profitability are dependent in part on our ability to successfully operate in an insurance industry that is highly competitive many of our primary competitors have well-established national reputations and market similar products. in addition, the insurance industry consistently attracts well-capitalized new entrants to the market.
we have invested in growth strategies by utilizing unique customer value propositions for each of our brands, differentiated product offerings and distinctive advertising campaigns. if we are unsuccessful in generating new business, retaining a sufficient number of customers, retaining or acquiring key relationships or renewing contracts within our voluntary benefits or protection plan businesses, our ability to maintain or increase premiums written or the ability to sell our products could be adversely impacted. in addition, if we experience unexpected increases in underlying costs, such as the frequency or severity of claims costs, it could result in decreases in profitability and lead to price increases. this, in turn, could negatively impact our competitive position leading to a decline in new and renewal business. further, many of our the allstate corporation  27
2017 form 10-k part i - item 1a. risk factors and other disclosures competitors are also using data analytics to improve pricing accuracy, be more targeted in marketing, strengthen customer relationships and provide more customized services. they may obtain a competitive advantage if they are able to use data analytics more effectively than we currently do.
because of the competitive nature of the insurance industry, there can be no assurance that we will continue to compete effectively within our industry, or that competitive pressures will not have a material effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. this includes competition for producers such as exclusive and independent agents and their licensed sales professionals. growth and retention may be materially affected if we are unable to attract and retain these producers or if the producers are unable to attract and retain their licensed sales professionals or customers. furthermore, certain competitors operate using a mutual insurance company structure and therefore may have dissimilar profitability and return targets.
our ability to successfully operate may also be impaired if we are not effective in developing the talent and skills of our human resources, attracting and assimilating new executive talent into our organization, retaining experienced and qualified employees or deploying human resource talent consistently with our business goals.
the potential benefits of our sophisticated risk segmentation process may not be fully realized sophisticated pricing and underwriting methods have allowed us to offer competitive pricing to attract and retain more customers while continuing to operate profitably. however, because many of our competitors seek to adopt underwriting criteria and sophisticated pricing models similar to those we use, our competitive advantage could decline or be lost. further, the review of such pricing models by regulators and special interest groups may require changes to such models. in addition, competitive pressures could force us to modify these sophisticated pricing models. furthermore, we cannot be assured that these sophisticated pricing models will accurately reflect the level of losses that we will ultimately incur.
acquisitions or divestitures of businesses may not produce anticipated benefits resulting in operating difficulties, unforeseen liabilities or asset impairments, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition the ability to achieve certain anticipated financial benefits from the acquisition of squaretrade holding company, inc. or other businesses depends in part upon our ability to successfully grow the businesses consistent with our anticipated acquisition economics. our financial results could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, unforeseen liabilities, transaction-related charges, diversion of management time and resources to acquisition integration challenges or growth strategies, loss of key employees, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, charges for impairment of long-term assets or goodwill and indemnifications. in addition, acquired businesses may not perform as projected, cost savings anticipated from the acquisition may not materialize, and costs associated with the integration may be greater than anticipated. this may result in the company not achieving returns on its investment at the level projected at acquisition. we also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. these transactions may result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through reinsurance, guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the transaction. nonperformance or decline in the financial strength ratings by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through an increase in policy lapses, decreased future premiums, additional payment obligations, higher costs or asset write-downs. we reinsure life insurance and payout annuity business from lincoln benefit life company ("lbl"). premiums and contract charges assumed from lbl totaled $720 million in 2017. a decline in lbl's financial strength ratings could adversely affect our results of operations by decreasing future premiums.
reducing our concentration in spread-based business and exiting certain distribution channels may adversely affect annuity reported results we have been reducing our concentration in spread-based business since 2008 and discontinued offering fixed annuities effective january 1, 2014. we also exited the independent master brokerage agencies and structured settlement annuity brokers distribution channels in 2013 and sold lbl on april 1, 2014. the reduction in sales of these products has and will continue to reduce investment portfolio levels. it may also affect the settlement of contract benefits including sales of assets with unrealized capital losses and affect insurance reserves deficiency testing.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview and segment results                       page overview and 2017 highlights                         34
property-liability results                           38
allstate benefits                                    78
allstate annuities                                   81
capital resources and liquidity                     100
application of critical accounting estimates        109
2017 form 10-k overview the following discussion highlights significant factors influencing the consolidated financial position and results of operations of the allstate corporation (referred to in this document as "we," "our," "us," the "company" or "allstate"). it should be read in conjunction with the 5-year summary of selected financial data, consolidated financial statements and related notes found under part ii. item 6. and item 8. contained herein.
in fourth quarter 2017, we changed from four to seven reportable segments. these segments align with our key product and service offerings and reflect the manner in which our chief operating decision maker reviews performance and makes decisions about the allocation of resources. to conform to the current year presentation, certain amounts in the prior years' financial information have been updated to reflect changes in reportable segments. for additional information on the changes in reportable segments, see notes 1, 2 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements.
the most important factors we monitor to evaluate the financial condition and performance for our reportable segments and the company include:
•   allstate protection: premium, policies in force ("pif"), new business sales, policy retention, price changes, claim frequency and severity, catastrophes, loss ratio, expenses, underwriting results, and relative competitive position.
•   service businesses: revenues, premium written, pif, adjusted net income and net income.
•   allstate life: premiums and contract charges, new business sales, pif, benefit spread, expenses, adjusted net income and net income.
•   allstate benefits: premiums, new business sales, pif, benefit ratio, expenses, adjusted net income and net income.
•   allstate annuities: investment spread, asset-liability matching, contract benefits, expenses, adjusted net income, net income and invested assets.
•   investments: exposure to market risk, asset allocation, credit quality/experience, total return, net investment income, cash flows, realized capital gains and losses, unrealized capital gains and losses, stability of long-term returns, and asset and liability duration.
•   financial condition: liquidity, parent holding company deployable assets, financial strength ratings, operating leverage, debt levels, book value per share and return on equity.
measuring segment profit or loss the measure of segment profit or loss used in evaluating performance is underwriting income for the allstate protection and discontinued lines and coverages segments and adjusted net income for the service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits, allstate annuities, and corporate and other segments.
underwriting income is calculated as premiums earned, less claims and claims expense ("losses"), amortization of dac, operating costs and expenses and restructuring and related charges, as determined using accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). we use this measure in our evaluation of results of operations to analyze the profitability of the property-liability insurance operations separately from investment results. underwriting income is reconciled to net income applicable to common shareholders in the property-liability results section of management's discussion and analysis ("md&a").
• realized capital gains and losses, after-tax, except for periodic settlements and accruals on non-hedge derivative instruments, which are reported with realized capital gains and losses but included in adjusted net income
• amortization of dac and dsi, to the extent they resulted from the recognition of certain realized capital gains and losses or valuation changes on embedded derivatives not hedged, after-tax
• gain (loss) on disposition of operations, after-tax
• adjustments for other significant non-recurring, infrequent or unusual items, when (a) the nature of the charge or gain is such that it is reasonably unlikely to recur within two years, or (b) there has been no similar charge or gain within the prior two years adjusted net income is reconciled to net income applicable to common shareholders in the service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits and allstate annuities segment sections of md&a.
2017 vs. 2016 - increase was primarily due to higher allstate protection insurance premiums, a tax benefit from the tax legislation, net realized capital gains in 2017 compared to net realized capital losses in 2016, higher net investment income, lower claims and claims expense, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. the property-liability combined ratio was 93.6 in 2017 compared to 96.0 in 2016.2016 vs. 2015 - decrease was primarily due to higher claims and claims expense and catastrophe losses, net realized capital losses in 2016 compared to net realized capital gains in 2015 and lower net investment income, partially offset by higher allstate protection insurance premiums.
2017 vs. 2016 - increase was primarily due to higher allstate protection insurance premiums, net realized capital gains in 2017 compared to net realized capital losses in 2016, higher net investment income and the acquisition of squaretrade.
2016 vs. 2015 - increase was primarily due to higher allstate protection insurance premiums and life and annuity premiums and contract charges, partially offset by net realized capital losses in 2016 compared to net realized capital gains in 2015 and lower net investment income.
2017 vs. 2016 - 2017 benefited from strong performance-based results, primarily from limited partnerships, an increase in invested assets and stable market-based yields, partially offset by higher employee-related expenses. limited partnership income reflects continued growth of our performance-based portfolio and included asset appreciation and sales of underlying investments.
2016 vs. 2015 - decrease was primarily due to lower fixed income yields resulting from lower market yields and portfolio repositioning (including both the 2015 maturity profile shortening in the portfolio supporting annuity liabilities and the shift to performance-based investments).
segment highlights allstate protection underwriting income totaled $2.11 billion in 2017, a 59.1% increase from $1.33 billion in 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates and lower loss costs, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses.
service businesses adjusted net loss was $59 million in 2017 compared to adjusted net income of $3 million in 2016. the loss in 2017 was primarily due to investments in arity's research and development, strategic investments in squaretrade and allstate roadside services, a squaretrade restructuring charge and hurricane harvey's impacts on allstate dealer services.  premiums written totaled $1.09 billion in 2017, an increase of 54.3% from $709 million in 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of squaretrade.
allstate life adjusted net income was $253 million in 2017 compared to $247 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher premiums and contract charges, partially offset by higher contract benefits and operating costs and expenses. premiums and contract charges totaled $1.28 billion in 2017, an increase of 2.4% from $1.25 billion in 2016.
allstate benefits adjusted net income was $95 million in 2017 compared to $100 million in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to higher contract benefits and operating costs and expenses, partially offset by higher premiums and contract charges. premiums and contract charges totaled $1.08 billion in 2017, an increase of 7.2% from $1.01 billion in 2016.
allstate annuities adjusted net income was $204 million in 2017 compared to $101 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher net investment income, lower interest credited to contractholder funds and lower contract benefits. net investment income increased 10.5% to $1.31 billion in 2017 from $1.18 billion in 2016.
2017 form 10-k tax reform on december 22, 2017, public law 115-97, known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax legislation") became effective, permanently reducing the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning january 1, 2018. the law changed the international system of taxation to a modified territorial system. the tax legislation resulted in a revaluation of allstate's deferred tax assets and liabilities and the recognition of a transition tax liability for non-u.s. income from international subsidiaries, resulting in a $506 million reduction to income tax expense or a $1.38 per share benefit to earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2017. the impact of tax legislation is excluded from adjusted net income when evaluating segment performance.
we anticipate an effective tax rate between 19% and 20% for 2018. the actual effective tax rate in 2018 may differ from our estimate. the reduced applicable tax rate is expected to result in overall lower tax expense beginning in 2018, a portion of which will be used to accelerate growth investments and improve the employee value propositions. for a more detailed discussion of the tax legislation, see note 15 of the consolidated financial statements.
other financial highlights book value per diluted common share (ratio of common shareholders' equity to total common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares outstanding) was $57.58 as of december 31, 2017, an increase of 13.4% from $50.77 as of december 31, 2016.
return on average common shareholders' equity  for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, return on the average of beginning and ending period common shareholders' equity of 15.5% increased by 6.0 points from 9.5% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016.
shareholders' equity as of december 31, 2017, shareholders' equity was $22.55 billion. this total included $1.95 billion in deployable assets at the parent holding company level comprising cash and investments that are generally saleable within one quarter.
squaretrade acquisition on january 3, 2017, we acquired squaretrade, a consumer product protection plan provider that distributes through many of america's major retailers and europe's mobile operators, for $1.4 billion in cash. squaretrade provides consumer electronic and appliance protection plans, covering products including tvs, smartphones and computers. this acquisition broadens allstate's unique product offerings to better meet consumers' needs.
goodwill impairment  in conjunction with the adoption of new reportable segments in fourth quarter 2017, we recognized goodwill impairment of $125 million for goodwill allocated to the allstate annuities reporting unit. the impairment was recorded within the corporate and other segment.
realized capital gains and losses:
sales and other realized capital gains and losses                         595                 213                 446
total realized capital gains and losses                                   445                 (90   )              30
life contract benefits                                                 (1,923   )          (1,857   )          (1,803   )
interest credited to contractholder funds                                (690   )            (726   )            (761   )
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                      (4,784   )          (4,550   )          (4,364   )
gain on disposition of operations                                          20                   5                   3
(1)   2017 results include a tax legislation benefit of $506 million. for further information on the impacts of the tax legislation, see note 15 of the consolidated financial statements. 2017 results also include a tax benefit of $63 million related to the adoption of the new accounting standard for share-based payments on january 1, 2017. for a description of these changes, see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
2017 form 10-k property-liability property-liability operations overview our property-liability operations consist of two reportable segments: allstate protection and discontinued lines and coverages. these segments are consistent with the groupings of financial information that management uses to evaluate performance and to determine the allocation of resources.
we do not allocate property-liability investment income, realized capital gains and losses, or assets to the allstate protection and discontinued lines and coverages segments. management reviews assets at the property-liability level for decision-making purposes.
the table below includes gaap operating ratios we use to measure our profitability. we believe that they enhance an investor's understanding of our profitability. they are calculated as follows:
•   combined ratio - the ratio of claims and claims expense, amortization of dac, operating costs and expenses, and restructuring and related charges to premiums earned. the combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and the expense ratio. the difference between 100% and the combined ratio represents underwriting income as a percentage of premiums earned, or underwriting margin.
we have also calculated the following impacts of specific items on the gaap operating ratios because of the volatility of these items between fiscal periods.
•   effect of discontinued lines and coverages on combined ratio - the ratio of claims and claims expense and operating costs and expenses in the discontinued lines and coverages segment to property-liability premiums earned. the sum of the effect of discontinued lines and coverages on the combined ratio and the allstate protection combined ratio is equal to the property-liability combined ratio.
38  www.allstate.com property-liability 2017 form 10-k summarized financial data
premiums written                                                                      $31,648             $30,891             $30,115
realized capital gains and losses                                                         401                  (6   )            (237   )
gain on disposition of operations (1)                                                      14                   -                   -
underwriting income                                                                    $2,012              $1,220              $1,566
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                              272                   -                (154   )
gain on disposition of operations, after-tax (1)                                            9                   -                   -
(2)   2017 results include a tax benefit of $62 million related to the adoption of the new accounting standard for share-based payments on january 1, 2017.
2017 form 10-k property-liability net investment income increased 18.0% or $225 million to $1.48 billion in 2017 from $1.25 billion in 2016 after increasing 2.2% in 2016 compared to 2015. the 2017 increase benefited from strong performance-based results, primarily from limited partnerships, an increase in invested assets and stable market-based yields, partially offset by higher employee-related expenses. limited partnership income included asset appreciation and sales of underlying investments. the 2016 increase was primarily due to higher equity dividends and higher limited partnership income.
fixed income securities                      $909                  $870                  $873
equity securities                             122                    95                    81
limited partnership interests                 432                   269                   262
realized capital gains and losses in 2017 primarily related to net gains on sales, as well as gains from valuation changes in public securities held in certain limited partnerships, partially offset by impairment and change in intent write-downs, and derivative valuation losses. realized capital gains and losses in 2016 primarily related to impairment and change in intent write-downs, offset by net gains on sales.
realized capital gains and losses for the years ended december 31,
impairment write-downs                                                      $(56    )          $(130    )          $(132    )
change in intent write-downs                                                 (44    )            (56    )           (156    )
realized capital gains and losses, pre-tax                                   401                  (6    )           (237    )
income tax (expense) benefit                                                (129    )              6                  83
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                $272                  $-               $(154    )
40  www.allstate.com allstate protection 2017 form 10-k allstate protection segment we principally offer consumer private passenger auto, homeowners, and other personal lines insurance products through agencies and directly through contact centers and the internet. our strategy is to position our product offerings and distribution channels to meet customers' evolving needs and effectively address the risks they face. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
underwriting results for the years ended december 31,
premiums written                                       $31,648               $30,888               $30,115
underwriting income                                     $2,111                $1,327                $1,621
underwriting income (loss) by line of business auto                                                    $1,298                  $156                   $23
underwriting income                                     $2,111                $1,327                $1,621
(2)   other business lines primarily include ivantage, a general agency for allstate exclusive agencies. ivantage provides agencies a solution for their customers when coverage through allstate brand underwritten products is not available.
changes in underwriting results from prior year by component and by line of business (1)
underwriting income (loss) - prior year                                           $156                 $23                $1,075                $1,431                $160                $175               $(110    )           $(40    )           $1,327                  $1,621
changes in underwriting income (loss) from:
underwriting income (loss)                                                      $1,298                $156                  $658                $1,075                $124                $160                $(19    )          $(110    )           $2,111                  $1,327
(2) includes other business lines underwriting income of $51 million and $53 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively, and answer financial underwriting loss of $1 million and $7 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection underwriting income totaled $2.11 billion in 2017, a 59.1% increase from $1.33 billion in 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, lower loss costs and higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. underwriting income totaled $1.33 billion in 2016, an 18.1% decrease from $1.62 billion in 2015, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses and rising loss costs, partially offset by increased premiums earned.
premiums written is the amount of premiums charged for policies issued during a fiscal period. premiums are considered earned and are included in the financial results on a pro-rata basis over the policy period. the portion of premiums written applicable to the unexpired term of the policies is recorded as unearned premiums on our consolidated statements of financial position.
premiums written and earned by line of business for the years ended december 31,
premiums written auto                                                             $22,042                 $21,425                 $20,662
total premiums written                                           $31,648                 $30,888                 $30,115
reconciliation of premiums written to premiums earned:
auto insurance premiums written totaled $22.04 billion in 2017, a 2.9% increase from $21.43 billion in 2016, following a 3.7% increase in 2016 from $20.66 billion in 2015.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $7.35 billion in 2017, a 1.5% increase from $7.24 billion in 2016, while 2016 was comparable to 2015. excluding the cost of catastrophe reinsurance, which is recorded as a reduction to premiums, premiums written increased 0.8% in 2017 compared to 2016. for a more detailed discussion on reinsurance, see the claims and claims expense reserves section of the md&a and note 10 of the consolidated financial statements.
catastrophe losses were $3.23 billion in 2017 compared to $2.57 billion in 2016 and $1.72 billion in 2015. we define a "catastrophe" as an event that produces pre-tax losses before reinsurance in excess of $1 million and involves multiple first party policyholders, or a winter weather event that produces a number of claims in excess of a preset, per-event threshold of average claims in a specific area, occurring within a certain amount of time following the event. catastrophes are caused by various natural events including high winds, winter storms and freezes, tornadoes, hailstorms, wildfires, tropical storms, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes and volcanoes. we are also exposed to man-made catastrophic events, such as certain types of terrorism or industrial accidents. the nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be reliably predicted.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection catastrophe management historical catastrophe experience    for the last ten years, the average annual impact of catastrophes on our loss ratio was 8.7 points, but it has varied from 4.5 points to 14.7 points. the average annual impact of catastrophes on the homeowners loss ratio for the last ten years was 33.5 points. over time, we have limited our aggregate insurance exposure to catastrophe losses in certain regions of the country that are subject to high levels of natural catastrophes, limited by our participation in various state facilities.  for further discussion of these facilities, see note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. however, the impact of these actions may be diminished by the growth in insured values, and the effect of state insurance laws and regulations. in addition, in various states we are required to participate in assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations that provide insurance coverage to individuals or entities that otherwise are unable to purchase such coverage from private insurers. because of our participation in these and other state facilities such as wind pools, we may be exposed to losses that surpass the capitalization of these facilities and to assessments from these facilities.
•   continuing to limit or not offer new homeowners, manufactured home and landlord package policy business in certain coastal geographies.
•   increased capacity in our brokerage platform for customers not offered an allstate policy.
•   in 2016, we began to write a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of california. we continue to renew current policyholders and allow replacement policies for existing customers who buy a new home, or change their residence to rental property. additionally, we write homeowners coverage through north light specialty insurance company ("northlight"), which includes earthquake coverage (other than fire following earthquakes) that is currently ceded via quota share reinsurance.
•   starting in the second quarter of 2017, we are writing a limited number of homeowners policies in select areas of florida and focusing on existing customers who replace their currently-insured home with an acceptable property. encompass withdrew from property lines in florida in 2009.
•   we have additional catastrophe exposure, beyond the property lines, for auto customers who have purchased physical damage coverage. auto physical damage coverage generally includes coverage for flood-related loss. we manage this additional exposure through inclusion of auto losses in our nationwide reinsurance program, including florida personal lines automobile business, as of june 1, 2016. new jersey is excluded from the nationwide reinsurance program as auto losses are included in our new jersey reinsurance program.
hurricanes    we consider the greatest areas of potential catastrophe losses due to hurricanes generally to be major metropolitan centers in counties along the eastern and gulf coasts of the united states. usually, the average premium on a property policy near these coasts is greater than in other areas. however, average premiums are often not considered commensurate with the inherent risk of loss. in addition and as explained in note 14 of the consolidated financial statements, in various states allstate is subject to assessments from assigned risk plans, reinsurance facilities and joint underwriting associations providing insurance for wind related property losses.
we have addressed our risk of hurricane loss by, among other actions, purchasing reinsurance for specific states and on a countrywide basis for our personal lines property insurance in areas most exposed to hurricanes, limiting personal homeowners, landlord package policy and manufactured home new business writings in coastal areas in southern and eastern states, implementing tropical cyclone deductibles where appropriate, and not offering continuing coverage on certain policies in coastal counties in certain states. we continue to seek appropriate returns for the risks we write. this may require further actions, similar to those already taken, in geographies where we are not getting appropriate returns. however, we may maintain or opportunistically increase our presence in areas where we achieve adequate returns and do not materially increase our hurricane risk.
earthquakes    we do not offer earthquake coverage in most states. we retain approximately 26,000 pif with earthquake coverage, primarily in kentucky, due to regulatory and other reasons. we purchase reinsurance in kentucky and enter into arrangements in many states to make earthquake coverage available through non-proprietary insurers.
we continue to have exposure to earthquake risk on certain policies that do not specifically exclude coverage for earthquake losses, including our auto policies, and to fires following earthquakes. allstate policyholders in california are offered coverage through the cea, a privately-financed, publicly-managed state agency created to provide insurance coverage for earthquake damage. allstate is subject to assessments from the cea under certain circumstances as explained in note 14 of the consolidated financial statements. while north light writes property policies in california, which can include
fires following earthquakes    under a standard homeowners policy we cover fire losses, including those caused by an earthquake. actions taken related to our risk of loss from fires following earthquakes include restrictive underwriting guidelines in california for new business writings, purchasing reinsurance for kentucky personal lines property risks, and purchasing nationwide occurrence reinsurance, excluding florida and new jersey.
wildfires    actions taken related to managing our risk of loss from wildfires include changing homeowners underwriting requirements in certain states and purchasing nationwide occurrence reinsurance. we also have inspection programs to identify homes that are susceptible to wildfires.
deferred acquisition costs    we establish a dac asset for costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance policies, principally agents' remuneration and premium taxes. dac is amortized to income over the period in which premiums are earned.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection the following table presents premiums written, pif and underwriting income (loss), by line of business for allstate brand, esurance brand, encompass brand and allstate protection for the year ended december 31, 2017. detailed analysis of underwriting results, premiums written and earned, and the combined ratios, including loss and expense ratios, are discussed in the brand sections below.
premiums written, policies in force and underwriting income (loss)
($ in millions)                                                        allstate brand        esurance brand                                                             encompass brand                                allstate protection premiums written                                    amount           percent to total        amount                   percent to total                amount           percent to total                 amount            percent to total auto                                          $19,859                 68.7          %        $1,641                    95.0          %             $542                 52.4          %          $22,042                   69.7          %
underwriting income (loss)
•   pif: policy counts are based on items rather than customers. a multi-car customer would generate multiple item (policy) counts, even if all cars were insured under one policy.
•   new issued applications: item counts of automobile or homeowner insurance applications for insurance policies that were issued during the period, regardless of whether the customer was previously insured by another allstate protection brand. allstate brand includes automobiles added by existing customers when they exceed the number allowed (currently 10) on a policy.
•   average premium-gross written ("average premium"): gross premiums written divided by issued item count. gross premiums written include the impacts from discounts, surcharges and ceded reinsurance premiums and exclude the impacts from mid-term premium adjustments and premium refund accruals. average premiums represent the appropriate policy term for each line. allstate and esurance brand policy terms are 6 months for auto and 12 months for homeowners. encompass brand policy terms are 12 months for auto and homeowners.
46  www.allstate.com allstate protection: allstate brand 2017 form 10-k allstate brand products are sold primarily through allstate exclusive agencies and serve customers who prefer local personalized advice and service and are brand-sensitive. in 2017, the allstate brand represented 91.2% of the allstate protection segment's written premium. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
underwriting results for the years ended december 31,
premiums written                                       $28,885               $28,059               $27,258
underwriting income                                     $2,201                $1,457                $1,819
underwriting income (loss) by line of business auto                                                    $1,331                  $250                  $204
underwriting income                                     $2,201                $1,457                $1,819
changes in underwriting results from prior year by component (1)
underwriting income (loss) - prior year                                                      $1,457                                  $1,819
changes in underwriting income (loss) from:
underwriting income (loss)                                                                   $2,201                                  $1,457
underwriting income totaled $2.20 billion in 2017, a 51.1% increase from $1.46 billion in 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, lower claim frequency and higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and higher agent and employee-related compensation costs.
underwriting income totaled $1.46 billion in 2016, a 19.9% decrease from $1.82 billion in 2015, primarily due to lower homeowners underwriting income resulting from higher catastrophe losses and higher commercial lines underwriting losses due to rising loss costs, partially offset by increased auto underwriting income as a result of rate actions.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection: allstate brand premiums written and earned by line of business for the years ended december 31,
premiums written auto                                $19,859                 $19,209                 $18,445
(1)   rate changes do not include rating plan enhancements, including the introduction of discounts and surcharges that result in no change in the overall rate level in a location. these rate changes do not reflect initial rates filed for insurance subsidiaries initially writing business in a location.
(3)   represents the impact in the states, the district of columbia and canadian provinces where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of total brand prior year-end premiums written.
(4)   represents the impact in the states, the district of columbia and canadian provinces where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of its respective total prior year-end premiums written in those same locations.
(5)   based on historical premiums written in the locations noted above, rate changes approved for auto totaled $773 million, $1.33 billion, and $942 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. approximately 27% of the rate increases approved in 2017 are earned in 2017, with the remainder expected to be earned in 2018 and 2019.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $19.86 billion in 2017, a 3.4% increase from $19.21 billion in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   9.0% increase in new issued applications in 2017 compared to 2016. 38 states, including 9 of our largest 10 states, experienced increases in new issued applications in 2017 compared to 2016, with 20 states experiencing double digit increases.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $19.21 billion in 2016, a 4.1% increase from $18.45 billion in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were:
(3)   based on historical premiums written in the locations noted above, rate changes approved for homeowners totaled $122 million, $75 million and $190 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $6.87 billion in 2017, a 2.0% increase from $6.73 billion in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were:
premiums written for allstate's house and home product, our homeowners offering currently available in 41 of the 50 states we operate in, totaled $2.34 billion in 2017 compared to $1.89 billion in 2016.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $6.73 billion in 2016, a 0.3% increase from $6.71 billion in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were:
other personal lines premiums written totaled $1.67 billion in 2017, a 3.2% increase from $1.62 billion in 2016, following a 2.2% increase in 2016 from $1.59 billion in 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to personal umbrella insurance premiums. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to increased average premium for condominium insurance, partially offset by a decreased volume of landlords insurance.
commercial lines premiums written totaled $488 million in 2017, a 2.2% decrease from $499 million in 2016, following a 3.3% decrease in 2016 from $516 million in 2015. the decreases in 2017 and 2016 were driven by decreased new business and lower renewals due to profit improvement actions, partially offset by increased average premiums.
auto loss ratio decreased 6.4 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, lower claim frequency and higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses and higher claim severity. auto loss ratio in 2016 was comparable to 2015, primarily due to increased catastrophe losses and rising loss costs, offset by increased premiums earned and favorable prior year reserve reestimates.
frequency and severity statistics, which are influenced by driving patterns, inflation and other factors, are provided to describe the trends in loss costs of the business. our reserving process incorporates changes in loss patterns, operational statistics and changes in claims reporting processes to determine our best estimate of recorded reserves.
paid claim frequency is calculated as annualized notice counts closed with payment in the period divided by the average of policies in force with the applicable coverage during the period. gross claim frequency is calculated as annualized notice counts received in the period divided by the average of policies in force with the applicable coverage during the period. gross claim frequency includes all actual notice counts, regardless of their current status (open or closed) or their ultimate disposition (closed with a payment or closed without payment). frequency statistics exclude counts associated with catastrophe events. the percent change in paid or gross claim frequency is calculated as the amount of increase or decrease in the paid or gross claim frequency in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year; divided by the prior year paid or gross claim frequency.
paid claim frequency trends will often differ from gross claim frequency trends due to differences in the timing of when notices are received and when claims are settled. for property damage claims, paid frequency trends reflect little differences as timing between opening and settlement is minimal. for bodily injury, gross frequency trends reflect emerging trends since the difference in timing between opening and settlement is much greater and gross frequency does not experience the same volatility in quarterly fluctuations seen in paid frequency. in evaluating frequency, we typically rely upon paid frequency trends for physical damage coverages such as property damage and gross frequency for casualty coverages such as bodily injury to provide an indicator of emerging trends in overall claim frequency while also providing insights for our analysis of severity.
paid claim severity is calculated by dividing the sum of paid losses and loss expenses by claims closed with a payment during the period. the percent change in paid claim severity is calculated as the amount of increase or decrease in paid claim severity in the current period compared to the same period in the prior year; divided by the prior year paid claims severity.
we are continuing to aggressively seek new technology and process solutions to provide continued loss cost accuracy, efficient processing and enhanced customer experiences that are simple, fast and produce high degrees of satisfaction. for example, we have opened several digital operating centers to handle auto claims countrywide utilizing our virtual estimation capabilities, which includes estimating damage through photos and video with the use of quickfoto claim® and virtual assistsm. these organizational and process changes have been beneficial to our operations as they are occurring, but frequency and severity statistics may be impacted as changes in claim opening and closing practices, if any, can impact comparisons to prior periods.
50  www.allstate.com allstate protection: allstate brand 2017 form 10-k property damage paid claim frequency decreased 5.2% in 2017 compared to 2016, following an increase of 0.3% in 2016 from 2015. 42 states experienced a year over year decrease in property damage paid claim frequency in 2017 when compared to 2016. property damage paid claim severities increased 4.5% in 2017 compared to 2016, following an increase of 4.1% in 2016 from 2015 due to higher costs to repair more sophisticated, newer model vehicles and increased volume of total losses.
bodily injury gross claim frequency decreased 4.8% in 2017 compared to 2016 and increased 0.5% in 2016 compared to 2015. bodily injury paid claim frequency decreased 17.4% while bodily injury paid claim severity increased 22.0% in 2017 compared to 2016. claim process changes in the second half of 2016 related to enhanced documentation of injuries and related medical treatments are having a related impact on paid claim frequency and severity due to payment mix and claim closure patterns. these process changes are beginning to normalize and the related impacts on the percent change in paid claim frequency and severity have begun to moderate. bodily injury paid claim frequency decreased 7.9% while bodily injury paid claim severity increased 4.7% in 2016 compared to 2015 and were also impacted by the claim process changes in the second half of 2016. paid claim severity was impacted by increases in medical inflationary trends that were offset by improvements in loss cost management.
homeowners loss ratio increased 5.2 points to 66.2 in 2017 from 61.0 in 2016, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by higher favorable prior year reserve reestimates and increased premiums earned. paid claim frequency excluding catastrophe losses decreased 0.1% in 2017 compared to 2016. paid claim severity excluding catastrophe losses increased 5.0% in 2017 compared to 2016. homeowner paid claim severity can be impacted by both the mix of perils and the magnitude of specific losses paid during the year. homeowners loss ratio increased 5.4 points to 61.0 in 2016 from 55.6 in 2015, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by increases in premiums earned. paid claim frequency excluding catastrophe losses decreased 4.3% in 2016 compared to 2015. paid claim severity excluding catastrophe losses increased 0.9% in 2016 compared to 2015.
other personal lines loss ratio increased 2.3 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to unfavorable prior year reserve reestimates, higher catastrophe losses and higher claim severity, partially offset by increased premiums earned. other personal lines loss ratio increased 1.1 points in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher catastrophe losses, partially offset by favorable prior year reserve reestimates and increased premiums earned.
commercial lines loss ratio decreased 18.4 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to lower unfavorable prior year reserve reestimates, lower claim frequency and lower catastrophe losses. commercial lines loss ratio increased 15.5 points in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher unfavorable prior year reserve reestimates, higher claim severity and higher catastrophe losses.
expense ratio decreased 0.2 point in 2016 compared to 2015. the decrease primarily related to expense spending reductions in professional services and lower compensation incentives earned by employees in 2016, partially offset by an increase in the amortization of acquisition costs. allstate agency total incurred base commissions, variable compensation and bonuses in 2016 were higher than 2015.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection: esurance brand esurance brand products are sold directly to self-directed, brand-sensitive consumers online and through call centers. we manage the direct-to-customer business based on its profitability over the lifetime of the customer relationship. in 2017, the esurance brand represented 5.5% of the allstate protection segment's written premium. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
underwriting results for the years ended december 31,
premiums written                                        $1,728                $1,689                $1,613
underwriting loss                                         $(56    )            $(124    )            $(164    )
underwriting income (loss) by line of business auto                                                      $(37    )             $(65    )            $(145    )
underwriting loss                                         $(56    )            $(124    )            $(164    )
changes in underwriting results from prior year by component (1)
underwriting income (loss) - prior year                                                       $(124         )                         $(164         )
changes in underwriting income (loss) from:
underwriting income (loss)                                                                     $(56         )                         $(124         )
underwriting loss totaled $56 million in 2017, an improvement from $124 million in 2016, primarily due to increased premiums earned, decreased homeowners marketing and lower amortization of purchased intangible assets, partially offset by lower favorable prior year reserve reestimates and higher catastrophe losses.
underwriting loss totaled $124 million in 2016, a 24.4% decrease from $164 million in 2015, primarily due to improved auto underwriting losses resulting from profit improvement actions, partially offset by an increase in homeowners underwriting losses due to higher advertising expenses related to homeowners expansion.
52  www.allstate.com allstate protection: esurance brand 2017 form 10-k premiums written and earned by line of business for the years ended december 31,
premiums written auto                            $1,641                  $1,625                  $1,576
(1)   rate changes do not include rating plan enhancements, including the introduction of discounts and surcharges that result in no change in the overall rate level in a location. these rate changes do not reflect initial rates filed for insurance subsidiaries initially writing business in a location.
(3)   represents the impact in the states and canadian provinces where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of total brand prior year-end premiums written.
(4)   represents the impact in the states and canadian provinces where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of its respective total prior year-end premiums written in those same locations.
(5)   based on historical premiums written in the locations noted above, rate changes approved for auto totaled $81 million, $65 million and $106 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $1.64 billion in 2017, a 1.0% increase from $1.63 billion in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   18.9% decrease in new issued applications in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to the impact of rate increases, decreased marketing activities and underwriting guideline changes.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $1.63 billion in 2016, a 3.1% increase from $1.58 billion in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   4.8% decrease in new issued applications in 2016 compared to 2015 due to a decrease in marketing activities and the impact of rate increases.
(1)   esurance's renewal ratios exclude the impact of risk related cancellations during the new business underwriting period. customers can enter into a policy without a physical inspection. during the underwriting review period, a number of policies may be canceled if upon inspection the condition is unsatisfactory.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $79 million in 2017 compared to $56 million in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   3 thousand decrease in new issued applications in 2017 compared to 2016 due to reduced marketing activities.
•   4.8% increase in average premium in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to increased premium distribution in higher average premium states and rate changes. as of december 31, 2017, esurance is writing homeowners insurance in 31
states with lower hurricane risk, contributing to lower average premium compared to the industry.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $56 million in 2016 compared to $30 million in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   as of december 31, 2016, esurance was writing homeowners insurance in 31 states with lower hurricane risk.
expense ratio decreased 6.0 points in 2017 compared to 2016. esurance uses a direct distribution model, therefore its primary acquisition-related costs are advertising as opposed to commissions. esurance advertising expense ratio decreased 2.9 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to reductions in homeowners marketing. other costs and expenses, including salaries of phone sales personnel and other underwriting costs related to customer acquisition, were lower in 2017 compared to 2016 due to the implementation of process efficiencies. expense ratio includes amortization of purchased intangible assets from the original acquisition in 2011. starting in 2017, the portion of the remaining purchased intangible asset related to the esurance brand name was classified as an infinite-lived intangible and is no longer being amortized, but instead tested for impairment on an annual basis.
we continue to review our advertising spend to ensure our acquisition costs meet our targeted returns. esurance incurs substantially all of its acquisition costs in the year of policy inception. as a result, the esurance expense ratio will be higher or lower depending on the advertising expenditures incurred related to our profitability actions. esurance's annual combined ratio is below 100, after the year of policy inception (in which substantially all acquisition costs are incurred), driven by pricing changes, customer mix and renewal experience.
expense ratio decreased 3.5 points in 2016 compared to 2015. esurance has continued to invest in growth, including offering a comprehensive suite of products such as homeowners, motorcycle and usage-based insurance as well as expanding into the canadian market. esurance advertising expense ratio decreased 1.4 points in 2016 compared to 2015 in conjunction with our profitability actions. strategic reductions in marketing spending were made on auto while homeowners advertising spending was increased. other costs and expenses, including salaries of phone sales personnel and other underwriting costs related to customer acquisition, were lower in 2016 than 2015.
2017 form 10-k allstate protection: encompass brand encompass products are sold through independent agencies that serve brand-neutral customers who prefer personal service and support from an independent agent. in 2017, the encompass brand represented 3.3% of the allstate protection segment's written premium. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
underwriting results for the years ended december 31,
premiums written                                        $1,035                $1,140                $1,244
underwriting (loss) income                                $(33    )               $1                  $(26    )
underwriting income (loss) by line of business auto                                                        $4                  $(29    )             $(36    )
underwriting (loss) income                                $(33    )               $1                  $(26    )
changes in underwriting results from prior year by component (1)
underwriting income (loss) - prior year                                                          $1                                    $(26         )
changes in underwriting income (loss) from:
underwriting (loss) income                                                                     $(33         )                            $1
underwriting loss totaled $33 million in 2017 compared to underwriting income of $1 million in 2016, primarily due to higher homeowners catastrophe losses, partially offset by improved auto loss costs. underwriting income totaled $1 million in 2016, an improvement from an underwriting loss of $26 million in 2015, primarily due to lower underwriting losses on other personal lines and auto and higher underwriting income on homeowners resulting from lower loss costs and expenses.
56  www.allstate.com allstate protection: encompass brand 2017 form 10-k premiums written and earned by line of business for the years ended december 31,
premiums written auto                              $542                    $591                    $641
(1)   encompass announced a plan to exit business in massachusetts in the second quarter of 2017 and previously announced a plan to exit business in north carolina in the first half of 2016, which has impacted the renewal ratio. excluding massachusetts and north carolina, the renewal ratios were 74.5 points in 2017 compared to 75.0 points in 2016.
(2)   rate changes that are indicated based on loss trend analysis to achieve a targeted return will continue to be pursued. rate changes do not include rating plan enhancements, including the introduction of discounts and surcharges that result in no change in the overall rate level in a location. these rate changes do not reflect initial rates filed for insurance subsidiaries initially writing business in a location.
(4)   represents the impact in the states and the district of columbia where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of total brand prior year-end premiums written.
(5)   represents the impact in the states and the district of columbia where rate changes were approved during the period as a percentage of its respective total prior year-end premiums written in those same locations.
(6)   based on historical premiums written in the locations noted above, rate changes approved for auto totaled $37 million, $68 million and $63 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. approximately 20% of the rate increases approved in 2017 are expected to be earned in 2017, with the remainder expected to be earned in 2018 and 2019.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $542 million in 2017, a 8.3% decrease from $591 million in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were:
•   1.4 point decrease in the renewal ratio in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to profit improvement actions taken, including exiting states with inadequate returns. encompass sells a high percentage of package policies that include both auto and homeowners; therefore, declines in one product can contribute to declines in the other.
auto insurance premiums written totaled $591 million in 2016, a 7.8% decrease from $641 million in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were:
(1)   encompass announced a plan to exit business in massachusetts in the second quarter of 2017 and previously announced a plan to exit business in north carolina in the first half of 2016, which has impacted the renewal ratio. excluding massachusetts and north carolina, the renewal ratios were 79.0 points in 2017 compared to 79.9 points in 2016.
(4)   based on historical premiums written in the locations noted above, rate changes approved for homeowner totaled $23 million, $27 million and $35 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $406 million in 2017, a 10.6% decrease from $454 million in 2016. factors impacting premiums written were the following:
•   1.3 point decrease in the renewal ratio in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to profit improvement actions taken to exit states with inadequate returns. encompass sells a high percentage of package policies that include both auto and homeowners; therefore, declines in one product can contribute to declines in the other.
homeowners insurance premiums written totaled $454 million in 2016, an 8.7% decrease from $497 million in 2015. factors impacting premiums written were the following:
auto loss ratio decreased 7.5 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to lower frequency and severity, favorable prior year reserve reestimates, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses. auto loss ratio decreased 0.9 points in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to lower loss costs, partially offset by higher catastrophe losses.
expense ratio increased 1.8 points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher employee-related and technology costs, and restructuring and related charges. during the first half of 2017, encompass exited certain operations and right-sized certain departments consistent with business volume.  the costs associated with these changes have been recorded as restructuring and related charges. the encompass brand dac amortization rate is higher on average than allstate brand dac amortization due to higher commission rates paid to independent agencies.
2017 form 10-k discontinued lines and coverages discontinued lines and coverages segment the discontinued lines and coverages segment includes results from property and casualty insurance coverage that primarily relates to policies written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s. our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines claims arises principally from direct excess commercial insurance, assumed reinsurance coverage, direct primary commercial insurance and other businesses in run-off. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
underwriting results for the years ended december 31,
premiums written (1)               $-                  $3                  $-
underwriting loss                  $(99      )         $(107     )         $(55      )
underwriting losses of $99 million in 2017 primarily related to our annual reserve review using established industry and actuarial best practices, resulting in unfavorable reestimates of $85 million, including $61 million for asbestos exposures, $10 million for environmental exposures and $27 million for other exposures, partially offset by a $13 million decrease in the allowance for future uncollectible reinsurance.
underwriting losses of $107 million in 2016 primarily related to our annual reserve review resulting in unfavorable reestimates of $96 million, including a $67 million unfavorable reestimate of asbestos reserves, a $23 million unfavorable reestimate of environmental reserves and a $6 million increase in the allowance for future uncollectible reinsurance with other exposure reserves essentially unchanged.
underwriting losses of $55 million in 2015 primarily related to our annual reserve review resulting in unfavorable reestimates of $44 million, including a $39 million unfavorable reestimate of asbestos reserves, a $1 million unfavorable reestimate of environmental reserves and a $9 million unfavorable reestimate of other exposure reserves, partially offset by a $5 million decrease in the allowance for future uncollectible reinsurance.
(1) gross reserves as of december 31, 2017 comprised 65% case reserves and 35% incurred but not reported ("ibnr") reserves. approximately 79% of the total gross case reserves are subject to settlement agreements. in 2017, total gross payments from case reserves were $126 million with approximately 88% attributable to settlements.  reserves as of december 31, 2016 comprised 60% case reserves and 40% ibnr reserves.
(2) ceded reserves as of december 31, 2017 comprised 76% case reserves and 24% ibnr reserves. approximately 86% of the total ceded case reserves are subject to settlement agreements. in 2017, reinsurance billings of ceded case reserves were $55 million with approximately 94% attributable to settlements.  reserves as of december 31, 2016 comprised 74% case reserves and 26% ibnr reserves.
total net reserves included $733 million or 52% of estimated ibnr losses as of december 31, 2017 compared to $800 million or 55% as of december 31, 2016. the net decrease of $67 million from year-end 2016 relates to the transfer of ibnr to case reserves through settlement agreements reached with several insureds on large claims, mainly asbestos related losses, where the scope of coverages have been agreed.
the claims associated with these agreements are expected to be substantially paid out over the next several years as qualified claims conforming to the settlement agreements are submitted by these insureds. total gross payments were $192 million and $233 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively, with reinsurance collections of $67 million and $58 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
2017 form 10-k service businesses service businesses service businesses comprise squaretrade, arity, allstate roadside services and allstate dealer services. they offer consumer product protection plans, device and mobile data collection services and analytic solutions, roadside assistance, and finance and insurance products (including vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection waivers, road hazard tire and wheel and paintless dent repair protection). squaretrade was acquired on january 3, 2017, and contributed $426 million of premiums written in 2017 and 38,719 thousand pif as of december 31, 2017. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
premiums written                                                 $1,094                $709                $756
realized capital gains and losses                                     -                   -                   -
income tax benefit (expense)                                        193                   -                  (2    )
tax legislation benefit                                             134                   -                   -
arity                                                               (15    )             11                   -
(1)  intersegment insurance premiums and service fees are primarily related to arity and allstate roadside services and are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements.
adjusted net loss was $59 million in 2017 compared to adjusted net income of $3 million and $2 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the loss in 2017 was primarily due to investments in arity's research and development, strategic investments in squaretrade and allstate roadside services, a squaretrade restructuring charge and hurricane harvey's impacts on allstate dealer services.
premiums written increased 54.3% or $385 million to $1.09 billion in 2017 from $709 million in 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of squaretrade and its growth through its u.s. retail channel, partially offset by decreases in premiums written at allstate roadside services. premiums written decreased 6.2% or $47 million to $709 million in 2016 from $756 million in 2015, driven by lower wholesale rescue volume primarily due to partner exits and lower retail memberships in force at allstate roadside services and a decrease in guaranteed asset protection contracts due to rate increases at allstate dealer services. pif increased by
38.6 million to 43.5 million as of december 31, 2017 compared to 4.9 million as of december 31, 2016 due to the acquisition of squaretrade.
intersegment premiums and service fees of $110 million in 2017 increased from $105 million and $42 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily due to arity's device and mobile data collection services and analytic solutions used by allstate brand, esurance and answer financial. we launched arity, a non-insurance technology company in 2016 and therefore arity's revenues are not comparable between periods.
claims and claims expense increased 43.0% to $369 million in 2017 from $258 million in 2016, primarily due to the acquisition of squaretrade on january 3, 2017. claims and claims expense decreased 6.9% to $258 million in 2016 from $277 million in 2015, primarily due to decreased business in allstate roadside services and allstate dealer services.
operating costs and expenses increased 79.8% to $401 million in 2017 from $223 million and $164 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily due to the acquisition of squaretrade on january 3, 2017, allstate roadside services increase in strategic investments in the good hands rescue network, and investments in arity's research and development.
contractual liability insurance policies. squaretrade and allstate dealer services issue contractual liability insurance policies or guaranteed asset protection reimbursement insurance policies to cover the liabilities of their products where required by state regulations.  the products offered through squaretrade and allstate dealer services fall under the regulation of departments of insurance in many states with requirements for filing of forms and rates varying by product and by state.
under these protection plans, squaretrade agrees to repair, replace or indemnify the customer for the cost to repair or replace such products from mechanical or electrical failure due to normal wear and tear. protection plans also provide additional coverages beyond the manufacturer's warranty, and in certain cases, accidental damage from handling.
premium revenue and claims and claims expense are recognized over the term of the protection plans. squaretrade purchases contractual liability insurance from insurance companies to support claims settlements in the event squaretrade is unable to fulfill its contractual obligations. the arrangement results in squaretrade recognizing the claims settlement costs. the insurer would recognize claims settlement costs only in the event squaretrade is unable to fulfill its contractual obligation or if claims costs are in excess of pre-determined thresholds. squaretrade is generally required to deposit amounts expected to cover losses into a trust held for paying claims.
in conjunction with the acquisition of squaretrade, we recognized $555 million of intangible assets for which we recognized amortization expense of $92 million in 2017. intangible assets are being amortized on an accelerated basis, excluding the squaretrade brand name which was classified as an infinite-lived intangible and will be tested for impairment on an annual basis, with approximately 75% of the balance expected to be amortized by 2021.
pending revenue recognition changes. beginning in first quarter 2018, we will adopt the financial accounting standards board issued guidance, which revises the criteria for revenue recognition. the service businesses segment will be impacted by this standard. for further discussion of impacts of these adjustments, see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
2017 form 10-k claims and claims expense reserves claims and claims expense reserves underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of claims and claims expense reserves. for a description of our reserve process, see note 8 of the consolidated financial statements. further, for a description of our reserving policies and the potential variability in our reserve estimates, see the application of critical accounting estimates section of the md&a. these reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including ibnr claims, as of the reporting date.
total property-liability                                   19,768                                      19,042                                      17,956
the year-end 2017 gross reserves of $26.3 billion for insurance claims and claims expense were $7.95 billion more than the net reserve balance of $18.37 billion recorded on the basis of statutory accounting practices for reports provided to state regulatory authorities. the principal differences are reinsurance recoverables from third parties totaling $6.47 billion, including $5.23 billion related to the michigan catastrophic claims association ("mcca"), that reduce reserves for statutory reporting but are recorded as assets for gaap reporting, and a liability for the reserves of the canadian subsidiaries for $1.32 billion that are a component of our consolidated reserves, but not included in our u.s. statutory reserves. remaining differences are due to variations in requirements between gaap and statutory reporting. the tables below show net reserves representing the estimated cost of outstanding claims as they were recorded at the beginning of years 2017, 2016 and 2015, and the effect of reestimates in each year.
total property-liability                  19,042              17,956              17,210
total property-liability (3)                                                                                       (505         )                  (1.6                )                      (21         )                  (0.1                )                       79                             0.3
total property-liability                          90                  (101   )          (119   )          (121   )          (254   )          (505   )
total property-liability                          62                   (48   )           (71   )           (35   )          71               (21   )
total property-liability                         (36       )           (76   )           (29   )          49               171              79
underwriting income                                                      $2,111                                                             $1,327                                                             $1,621
reserve reestimates as a % impact on underwriting income                   28.5        %                                                       9.5        %                                                      (1.6       )%
prior year reserve reestimates are developed based on factors that are calculated quarterly and periodically throughout the year for data elements such as claims reported and settled, paid losses and paid losses combined with case reserves. these data elements are primarily responsible for revisions to loss development factors used to predict how losses are likely to develop from the end of a reporting period until all claims have been paid. when actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, reserves are revised as actuarial studies validate new trends based on the indications of updated development factor calculations. claims organizational and process changes that are currently occurring are considered within our estimation process.
favorable reserve reestimates for auto and homeowners in 2017 were primarily related to a reduction in claim severity estimates for liability coverages.  auto liability claims process changes implemented in prior years, including a program requiring enhanced documentation of injuries and related medical treatments, have resulted in favorable severity trends compared to those originally estimated as we continue to develop greater experience in settling claims under these programs.  auto liability legislative reforms, higher limits and longer settlement periods in canada have resulted in uncertainty that has developed favorably as loss experience emerges.  unfavorable results for commercial lines in 2017 were primarily due to non-catastrophe auto loss development being higher than anticipated in previous estimates.
favorable auto reserve reestimates in 2016 were primarily due to severity development for auto liability coverages that was better than expected. auto reserve reestimates in 2015 were primarily due to claim severity development for bodily injury coverage for recent years that was more than expected and litigation settlements from older years for allstate brand.
favorable homeowners reserve reestimates in 2016 and 2015 were primarily due to severity development for liability coverages related to the timing of payments.
commercial lines reserve reestimates in 2016 were primarily due to severity development for auto bodily injury coverage that was more than expected. commercial lines reserve reestimates in 2015 were primarily the result of non-catastrophe loss development higher than anticipated in previous estimates.
impact of reestimates on the allstate brand underwriting income for the years ended december 31,
allstate brand underwriting income                                      2,201                 1,457                             1,819
reserve reestimates as a % impact on underwriting income                 26.6   %      7.5                  %                    (2.0     )%
impact of reestimates on the esurance brand underwriting loss for the years ended december 31,
esurance brand underwriting loss                                        (56   )             (124          )             (164          )
reserve reestimates as a % impact on underwriting loss                  3.6   %      16.9                 %      10.4                 %
impact of reestimates on the encompass brand underwriting income (loss) is shown in the table below.
encompass brand underwriting income (loss)                                                (33   )         1                                                               (26         )
reserve reestimates as a % impact on underwriting income (loss)                          42.4   %                   n/a                                                 (26.9        )%
2017 form 10-k claims and claims expense reserves discontinued lines and coverages we conduct an annual review in the third quarter of each year to evaluate and establish asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines reserves. reserves are recorded in the reporting period in which they are determined. using established industry and actuarial best practices and assuming no change in the regulatory or economic environment, this detailed and comprehensive methodology determines reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (e.g. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by policyholders.
underwriting loss                                                                                        $(99        )                                                  $(107        )                                                   $(55        )
reserve reestimates as a % impact on underwriting loss                                                  (97.0       )%                                                  (98.1       )%                                                  (96.4       )%
reserve additions for asbestos in 2017 were primarily related to new reported information and settlement agreements, including bankruptcy proceedings. reserve additions for asbestos in 2016 were primarily related to insured business and claim development, new reported information on insured's claims, expanded expected exposure periods and other legal settlements including insured's bankruptcy proceedings. reserve additions for asbestos in 2015 were primarily related to a settlement with a large insured and more reported claims than expected.
reserve additions for environmental in 2017 and 2016 were primarily related to greater reported loss activity than expected. there were no significant reserve additions for environmental reserves in 2015.
reserves and claim activity before (gross) and after (net) the effects of reinsurance
the survival ratio is calculated by taking our ending reserves divided by payments made during the year. this is a commonly used but extremely simplistic and imprecise approach to measuring the adequacy of asbestos and environmental reserve levels. many factors, such as mix of business, level of coverage provided and settlement procedures have significant impacts on the amount of environmental and asbestos claims and claims expense reserves, claim payments and the resultant ratio. as payments result in corresponding reserve reductions, survival ratios can be expected to vary over time. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, the asbestos and environmental net 3-year survival ratio decreased due to increased claim payments associated with settlement agreements expected to be substantially paid out over the next several years.
68  www.allstate.com claims and claims expense reserves 2017 form 10-k net asbestos reserves by type of exposure and total reserve additions
total reserve additions                                               $61                                                                             $67                                                                             $39
ibnr net reserves decreased $63 million as of december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016 due to the transfer of ibnr to case reserves through settlement agreements with insureds on large claims where the scope of coverages have been agreed. ibnr provides for reserve development of known claims and future reporting of additional unknown claims from current policyholders and ceding companies.
closed without payment                 377                     373                     398
closed without payment                 299                     211                     254
reinsurance ceded  we utilize reinsurance to reduce exposure to catastrophe risk and manage capital, and to support the required statutory surplus and the insurance financial strength ratings of certain subsidiaries such as castle key insurance company ("ckic") and allstate new jersey insurance company. we purchase significant reinsurance to manage our aggregate countrywide exposure to an acceptable level. the price and terms of reinsurance and the credit quality of the reinsurer are considered in the purchase process, along with whether the price can be appropriately reflected in the costs that are considered in setting future rates charged to policyholders. we also participate in various reinsurance mechanisms, including industry pools and facilities, which are backed by the financial resources of the property and casualty insurance company market participants, and have historically purchased reinsurance to mitigate long-tail liability lines, including environmental, asbestos and other discontinued lines exposures. we retain primary liability as a direct insurer for all risks ceded to reinsurers. the mcca provides indemnification for losses over a retention level and under the national flood insurance program ("nfip") the federal government pays all covered claims and certain qualifying claim expenses.
industry pools and facilities mcca (2) (3)                                                                                  n/a                                                    $5,261                                  $4,949
new jersey property-liability insurance guaranty association ("pliga") (3)                    n/a                                                       493                                     506
north carolina reinsurance facility                                                           n/a                                                        86                                      81
total property-liability (3)                                                                                                                          6,549                                   6,261
(3)   as of december 31, 2017, case reserves for mcca, pliga, lloyd's and total property-liability were 83%, 100%, 64% and 82% of the reinsurance recoverable for unpaid claims, respectively.
reinsurance recoverables include an estimate of the amount of insurance claims and claims expense reserves that are ceded under the terms of the reinsurance agreements, including incurred but not reported unpaid losses. we calculate our ceded reinsurance estimate based on the terms of each applicable reinsurance agreement, including an estimate of how ibnr losses will ultimately be ceded under the agreement. we also consider other limitations and coverage exclusions under our reinsurance agreements. accordingly, our estimate of reinsurance recoverables is subject to similar risks and uncertainties as our estimate of reserves claims and claims expense. we believe the recoverables are appropriately established; however, as our underlying reserves continue to develop, the amount ultimately recoverable may vary from amounts currently recorded. we regularly evaluate the reinsurers and the respective amounts recoverable, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance is recorded if needed. the establishment of reinsurance recoverables and the related allowance for uncollectible reinsurance is also an inherently uncertain process involving estimates. changes in estimates could result in additional changes to the consolidated statements of operations.
the allowance for uncollectible reinsurance primarily relates to discontinued lines and coverages reinsurance recoverables and was $70 million and $84 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the allowance for discontinued lines and coverages represents 12.0% and 13.3% of the related reinsurance recoverable balances as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the allowance is based upon our ongoing review of amounts outstanding, length of collection periods, changes in reinsurer credit standing, and other relevant factors. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we may become involved in coverage disputes with certain of our reinsurers that may ultimately result in lawsuits and arbitrations brought by or against such reinsurers to determine the parties' rights and obligations under the various reinsurance agreements. we employ dedicated specialists to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. we also consider recent developments in commutation activity between reinsurers and cedents, and recent trends in arbitration and litigation outcomes in disputes between cedents and reinsurers in seeking to maximize our reinsurance recoveries.
adverse developments in the insurance industry have led to a decline in the financial strength of some of our reinsurance carriers, causing amounts recoverable from them and future claims ceded to them to be considered a higher risk. there has also been consolidation activity in the industry, which causes reinsurance risk across the industry to be concentrated among fewer companies. in addition, some companies have segregated asbestos, environmental, and other discontinued lines exposures into separate legal entities with dedicated capital. regulatory bodies in certain cases have supported these actions. we are unable to determine the impact,
70  www.allstate.com claims and claims expense reserves 2017 form 10-k if any, that these developments will have on the collectability of reinsurance recoverables in the future.
total property-liability                                    808                                 847                                 904
total property-liability                                  1,718                               1,043                                 547
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, ceded premiums earned decreased primarily due to decreased reinsurance premium rates and a decrease in policies written for the nfip and mcca.
our claim reserve development experience is similar to the mcca with reported and pending claims increasing in recent years. moreover, the mcca has reported severity increasing with nearly 60% of reimbursements for attendant and residential care services. michigan's unique no-fault motor vehicle insurance law provides unlimited lifetime coverage for medical expenses resulting from motor vehicle accidents. the reserve increases in the mcca program are attributable to an increased recognition of longer term paid loss trends. the paid loss trends are rising due to increased costs in medical and attendant care and increased longevity of claimants. as a result of continuing to originate motor vehicle policies in michigan with unlimited personal injury protection coverage, we expect the number of mcca covered claims and losses to increase each year.
2017 form 10-k claims and claims expense reserves michigan personal injury protection reserve and claim activity before and after the effects of mcca reinsurance for the years ended december 31.
pending mcca claims differ from most personal lines insurance pending claims as other personal lines policies have coverage limits and incurred claims settle in shorter periods. claims are considered pending as long as payments are continuing pursuant to an outstanding mcca claim, which can be for a claimant's lifetime. claims that occurred more than five years ago and continue to be paid often reflect lifetime benefits.
as of december 31, 2017, approximately 1,440 of our pending claims have been reported to the mcca, of which approximately 60% represents claims that occurred more than 5 years ago. there are 70 allstate brand claims with reserves in excess of $15 million as of december 31, 2017, which comprise approximately 35% of the gross ending reserves in the table above. as a result, significant developments with a single claimant can result in volatility in prior year incurred claims.
we enter into certain intercompany insurance and reinsurance transactions in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. these reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
catastrophe reinsurance our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed, utilizing our risk management methodology, to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide. our program is designed to provide reinsurance protection for catastrophes resulting from multiple perils including hurricanes, windstorms, hail, tornadoes, fires following earthquakes, earthquakes and wildfires. these reinsurance agreements are part of our catastrophe management strategy, which is intended to provide our shareholders an acceptable return on the risks assumed in our property business, and to reduce variability of earnings, while providing protection to our customers.
72  www.allstate.com allstate life 2017 form 10-k allstate life segment allstate life offers traditional, interest-sensitive and variable life insurance. our target customers prefer local personalized advice and service and are brand-sensitive. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
•   net income applicable to common shareholders was $577 million in 2017 compared to $219 million in 2016. 2017 results include a tax benefit of $332 million related to the tax legislation.
•   contract benefits totaled $765 million in 2017, an increase of 3.1% from $742 million in 2016.
realized capital gains and losses                                                               5                   (38    )                2
costs and expenses contract benefits                                                                            (765    )             (742    )             (749    )
interest credited to contractholder funds                                                    (282    )             (285    )             (282    )
loss on disposition of operations                                                               -                     -                    (1    )
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                  224                   (91    )             (108    )
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                                    2                   (24    )                1
dac and dsi amortization related to realized capital gains and losses, after-tax              (10    )               (4    )               (4    )
loss on disposition of operations, after-tax                                                    -                     -                    (1    )
tax legislation benefit                                                                       332                     -                     -
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits as of december 31                            $2,636                $2,578                $2,536
adjusted net income was $253 million in 2017 compared to $247 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher premiums and contract charges, partially offset by higher contract benefits and operating costs and expenses.
2017 form 10-k allstate life premiums and contract charges increased 2.4% or $30 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the increase primarily relates to higher traditional life insurance renewal premiums as well as lower levels of reinsurance premiums ceded. approximately 85% of allstate life's traditional life insurance premium relates to term life insurance products.
premiums and contract charges increased 2.2% or $27 million in 2016 compared to 2015. the increase primarily relates to increased traditional life insurance renewal premiums as well as lower levels of reinsurance premiums ceded.
traditional life insurance premiums                             $568                    $533                    $505
interest-sensitive life insurance contract charges               710                     715                     716
contract benefits increased 3.1% or $23 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to growth in business in force. contract benefits decreased 0.9% or $7 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to favorable life insurance mortality experience.
our annual review of assumptions in 2017 resulted in a $12 million increase in reserves, primarily for secondary guarantees on interest-sensitive life insurance due to increased projected exposure to benefits paid under secondary guarantees resulting from continued low interest rates. in 2016, the review resulted in an $8 million increase in reserves primarily for secondary guarantees on interest-sensitive life insurance due to higher than anticipated retention.
benefit spread reflects our mortality and morbidity results using the difference between premiums and contract charges earned for the cost of insurance and contract benefits ("benefit spread"). benefit spread increased 3.9% to $292 million in 2017 compared to $281 million in 2016, primarily due to growth in business in force. benefit spread increased 17.1% to
$281 million in 2016 compared to $240 million in 2015, primarily due to higher life insurance premiums and favorable mortality experience.
investment spread reflects the difference between net investment income and interest credited to contractholder funds ("investment spread") and is used to analyze the impact of net investment income and interest credited to contractholders on net income. investment spread increased 5.1% to $207 million in 2017 compared to $197 million in 2016 primarily due to higher net investment income and lower credited interest. investment spread decreased 6.6% to $197 million in 2016 compared to $211 million in 2015, primarily due to lower net investment income and higher credited interest.
amortization of dac increased 2.3% or $3 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher net realized capital gains and gross profits, partially offset by higher amortization deceleration for changes in assumptions. amortization of dac decreased 1.5% or $2 million in 2016 compared to 2015.
amortization of dac before amortization relating to realized capital gains and losses and changes in assumptions           $134                $131                $127
amortization relating to realized capital gains and losses (1)                                                               14        6                              5
(1)   the impact of realized capital gains and losses on amortization of dac is dependent upon the relationship between the assets that give rise to the gain or loss and the product liability supported by the assets. fluctuations result from changes in the impact of realized capital gains and losses on actual and expected gross profits.
our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts covers assumptions for mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses, interest crediting rates to policyholders, and the effect of any hedges.
in 2017, the review resulted in a deceleration of dac amortization (increase to income) of $14 million. dac amortization deceleration primarily related to the benefit margin component of estimated gross profits and was due to a decrease in projected mortality. this was partially offset by dac amortization acceleration (decrease to income) for changes in the investment margin due to continued low interest rates and lower projected investment returns.
($ in millions)                                                                                                            traditional life and accident and health                                 interest-sensitive life insurance                                   total for the years ended december 31,
acquisition costs deferred                                                                                                            66           57                                           66          77                                    132       134
amortization of dac before amortization relating to realized capital gains and losses and changes in assumptions (1)       (39             )               (43             )                   (95      )                  (88      )            (134   )            (131   )
amortization relating to realized capital gains and losses (1)                                                             -                               -                                   (14      )                   (6      )             (14   )              (6   )
effect of unrealized capital gains and losses (2)                                                                          -                               -                                   (46      )                  (74      )             (46   )             (74   )
(2)   represents the change in the dac adjustment for unrealized capital gains and losses. the dac adjustment represents the amount by which the amortization of dac would increase or decrease if the unrealized gains and losses in the respective product portfolios were realized.
2017 form 10-k allstate life analysis of reserves and contractholder funds reserve for life-contingent contract benefits for the years ended december 31,
traditional life insurance                               $2,460                  $2,398                  $2,353
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits            $2,636                  $2,578                  $2,536
contractholder funds represent interest-bearing liabilities arising from the sale of products such as interest-sensitive life insurance. the balance of contractholder funds is equal to the cumulative deposits received and interest credited to the contractholder less cumulative contract benefits, surrenders, withdrawals and contract charges for mortality or administrative expenses.
deposits                                                       973                   991                 1,034
interest credited                                              282                   284                   282
benefits, withdrawals and other adjustments benefits                                                      (241    )             (245    )             (273    )
surrenders and partial withdrawals                            (254    )             (250    )             (253    )
total benefits, withdrawals and other adjustments           (1,111    )           (1,170    )           (1,211    )
(1)   the table above illustrates the changes in contractholder funds, which are presented gross of reinsurance recoverables on the consolidated statements of financial position. the table above is intended to supplement our discussion and analysis of revenues, which are presented net of reinsurance on the consolidated statements of operations. as a result, the net change in contractholder funds associated with products reinsured is reflected as a component of the other adjustments line.
contractholder deposits decreased 1.8% in 2017 compared to 2016, and 4.2% in 2016 compared to 2015. the weighted average guaranteed crediting rate and weighted average current crediting rate for our interest-sensitive life insurance contracts, excluding variable life, are both 3.9% as of december 31, 2017.
76  www.allstate.com allstate life 2017 form 10-k allstate life reinsurance ceded in the normal course of business, we seek to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on large risks by purchasing reinsurance. in addition, we have used reinsurance to effect the disposition of certain blocks of business.
we retain primary liability as a direct insurer for all risks ceded to reinsurers. as of december 31, 2017, 16% of our face amount of life insurance in force was reinsured.
reinsurance recoverables by reinsurer s&amp;p financial strength rating (1)                       reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid benefits for the years ended december 31,
triton insurance company                           n/a                                                        47                                      49
security life of denver                            a                                                          27                                      30
we continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers in order to determine our risk of recoverability on an individual and aggregate basis, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance is recorded if needed. no amounts have been deemed unrecoverable in the three-years ended december 31, 2017.
we enter into certain intercompany reinsurance transactions for the allstate life operations in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. these reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
2017 form 10-k allstate benefits allstate benefits offers voluntary benefits products, including life, accident, critical illness, short-term disability and other health products. our target customers are middle market consumers with family financial protection needs. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
•   net income applicable to common shareholders was $146 million in 2017 compared to $96 million in 2016. 2017 results include a tax benefit of $51 million related to the tax legislation.
•   contract benefits totaled $564 million in 2017, an increase of 10.8% from $509 million in 2016.
realized capital gains and losses                                                   1                    (5    )              1
costs and expenses contract benefits                                                                (564    )             (509    )           (452    )
interest credited to contractholder funds                                         (35    )              (36    )            (36    )
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                        -                    (4    )              -
tax legislation benefit                                                            51                     -                   -
benefit ratio (1)                                                                52.0                  50.3                49.1
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits as of december 31                  $979                  $940                $894
(1)   benefit ratio is calculated as contract benefits divided by premiums and contract charges.
adjusted net income was $95 million in 2017 compared to $100 million in 2016. the decrease was primarily due to higher contract benefits and operating costs and expenses, partially offset by higher premiums and contract charges.
adjusted net income was $100 million in 2016 compared to $104 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily due to higher contract benefits, amortization of dac and operating costs and expenses, partially offset by higher premiums and contract charges.
78  www.allstate.com allstate benefits 2017 form 10-k premiums and contract charges increased 7.2% or $73 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily related to growth in critical illness, short-term disability and accident products. new annualized premium sales (annualized premiums at initial customer enrollment, reduced by an estimate for policies expected to lapse) increased 11.6% to $444 million in 2017. policies in force increased 7.4% to 4,033 thousand as of december 31, 2017 compared to 3,755 thousand as of december 31, 2016.
premiums and contract charges increased 9.8% or $90 million in 2016 compared to 2015. the increase primarily relates to growth in critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity products. new annualized premium sales increased 5.6% to $398 million in 2016. policies in force increased 13.4% to 3,755 thousand as of december 31, 2016 compared to 3,312 thousand as of december 31, 2015.
critical illness                            468                     443                     402
short-term disability                       102                      78                      75
contract benefits increased 10.8% or $55 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to higher claim experience and growth. contract benefits increased 12.6% or $57 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to growth and higher claim experience.
benefit ratio increased to 52.0 in 2017 compared to 50.3 and 49.1 in 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to higher claims experience in health products, including critical illness and accident.
amortization of dac decreased 2.1% or $3 million to $142 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to lower amortization associated with our annual comprehensive review of assumptions and lower lapses, partially offset by higher amortization related to growth. amortization of dac increased 16.9% or $21 million to $145 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to growth.
our annual comprehensive review of assumptions underlying estimated future gross profits for our interest-sensitive life contracts resulted in an acceleration of dac amortization (decrease to income) of $1 million in 2017 compared to $4 million in 2016 and zero in 2015.
acquisition costs deferred                                                                   158          157
2017 form 10-k allstate benefits analysis of reserves and contractholder funds reserve for life-contingent contract benefits for the years ended december 31,
traditional life insurance                                 $262                    $247                    $233
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits              $979                    $940                    $894
contractholder funds relate to interest-sensitive life insurance and totaled $890 million as of december 31, 2017 compared to $881 million as of december 31, 2016 and $866 million as of december 31, 2015.
allstate benefits reinsurance ceded the vast majority of our reinsurance relates to the disposition of our long-term care and other closed blocks of business several years ago. we retain primary liability as a direct insurer for all risks ceded to reinsurers.
reinsurance recoverables by reinsurer s&amp;p financial strength rating                         reinsurance recoverable on paid and unpaid benefits for the years ended december 31,
we continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers in order to determine our risk of recoverability on an individual and aggregate basis, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance is recorded if needed. no amounts have been deemed unrecoverable in the three-years ended december 31, 2017.
we enter into certain intercompany reinsurance transactions for the allstate benefits operations in order to maintain underwriting control and manage insurance risk among various legal entities. these reinsurance agreements have been approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities. all significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
80  www.allstate.com allstate annuities 2017 form 10-k allstate annuities segment allstate annuities consists of deferred fixed annuities and immediate fixed annuities (including standard and sub-standard structured settlements). we exited the continuing sale of annuities over an eight year period from 2006 to 2014, reflecting our expectations of declining returns. this segment is in run-off, and we manage it with a focus on increasing economic value through our investment strategy. for additional information on our strategy and outlook, see part i, item 1. business - segment information.
•   net income applicable to common shareholders was $418 million in 2017 compared to $76 million in 2016. 2017 results include a tax benefit of $182 million related to the tax legislation.
•   net realized capital gains totaled $44 million in 2017 compared to net realized capital losses of $38 million in 2016.
•   contractholder funds totaled $10.94 billion as of december 31, 2017, reflecting a decrease of $979 million from $11.92 billion as of december 31, 2016. reserve for life-contingent contract benefits totaled $8.93 billion as of december 31, 2017 compared to $8.72 billion as of december 31, 2016.
realized capital gains and losses                                                                                                                       44                   (38    )              264
costs and expenses contract benefits                                                                                                                                     (594    )             (606    )             (602    )
interest credited to contractholder funds                                                                                                             (373    )             (405    )             (443    )
gain on disposition of operations                                                                                                                        6                     5                     4
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                                                            58                   (36    )             (188    )
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                                                                                            28                   (26    )              172
dac and dsi amortization related to realized capital gains and losses and valuation changes on embedded derivatives not hedged, after-tax                -                     -                     1
gain on disposition of operations, after-tax                                                                                                             4                     3                     3
tax legislation benefit                                                                                                                                182                     -                     -
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits as of december 31                                                                                     $8,934                $8,721                $8,817
deferred annuities                                                                                                                                     142                   156                   172
immediate annuities                                                                                                                                     89                    95                   100
2017 form 10-k allstate annuities adjusted net income was $204 million in 2017 compared to $101 million in 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher net investment income, lower interest credited to contractholder funds and lower contract benefits.
adjusted net income was $101 million in 2016 compared to $166 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily due to lower net investment income, partially offset by lower interest credited to contractholder funds.
net investment income increased 10.5% or $124 million in 2017 compared to 2016, benefiting from strong performance-based investment results, primarily from limited partnerships, partially offset by lower average investment balances as a result of a decrease in contractholder funds. net investment income decreased 10.7% or $142 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to lower fixed income portfolio yields and lower average investment balances. the lower fixed income yields relate to duration shortening in 2015 and the repositioning into performance-based investments and equity securities.
the investment portfolio supporting immediate annuities is managed to ensure the assets match the characteristics of the liabilities and provide the long-term returns needed to support this business. to better match the long-term nature of our immediate annuities, we continue to increase performance-based investments in which we have ownership interests, and a greater proportion of return is derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance. performance-based income can vary significantly between periods and is influenced by economic conditions, equity market performance, comparable public company earnings multiples, capitalization rates, operating performance of the underlying investments and the timing of asset sales.
net realized capital gains in 2017 primarily relate to net gains on sales, as well as gains from valuation changes in public securities held in certain limited partnerships, partially offset by impairment write-downs and derivative valuation losses. net realized capital losses in 2016 primarily related to impairment write-downs, partially offset by net gains on sales in connection with ongoing portfolio management. net realized capital gains in 2015 included gains on sales of longer duration fixed income securities in connection with the maturity profile shortening and equity securities in connection with ongoing portfolio management.
contract benefits decreased 2.0% or $12 million in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to immediate annuity mortality experience. contract benefits increased 0.7% or $4 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to unfavorable immediate annuity mortality experience.
as of december 31, 2017, our premium deficiency and profits followed by losses evaluations for our immediate annuities with life contingencies concluded that no adjustments were required to be recognized. for further detail on these evaluations, see reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation in the application of critical accounting estimates section.
benefit spread reflects our mortality results using the difference between contract charges earned and contract benefits excluding the portion related to the implied interest on immediate annuities with life contingencies. this implied interest totaled $501 million, $511 million and $514 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. total benefit spread was $(84) million, $(86) million and $(80) million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
interest credited to contractholder funds decreased 7.9% or $32 million in 2017 compared to 2016 and decreased 8.6% or $38 million in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to lower average contractholder funds. valuation changes on derivatives embedded in equity-indexed annuity contracts that are not hedged increased interest credited to contractholder funds by $1 million in 2017 compared to $3 million in 2016 and $2 million in 2015.
investment spread reflects the difference between net investment income and the sum of interest credited to contractholder funds and the implied interest on immediate annuities with life contingencies, which is included as a component of contract benefits and is used to analyze the impact of net investment income and interest credited to contractholders on net income.
valuation changes on derivatives embedded in equity-indexed annuity contracts that are not hedged            (1    )             (3    )             (2    )
investment spread before valuation changes on embedded derivatives not hedged increased 61.2% to $432 million in 2017 compared to $268 million in 2016, primarily due to higher net investment income and lower credited interest.
82  www.allstate.com allstate annuities 2017 form 10-k to further analyze investment spreads, the following table summarizes the weighted average investment yield on assets supporting product liabilities, interest crediting rates and investment spreads. investment spreads may vary significantly between periods due to the variability in investment income, particularly for immediate fixed annuities where the investment portfolio includes performance-based investments.
analysis of investment spread weighted averageinvestment yield                     weighted averageinterest crediting rate                          weighted averageinvestment spreads
deferred fixed annuities and institutional products                  4.2      %           4.1      %           4.3      %        2.8      %           2.8      %           2.8      %        1.4      %           1.3      %           1.5      %
immediate fixed annuities with and without life contingencies        8.0                  6.5                  7.0               6.0                  5.9                  5.9               2.0                  0.6                  1.1
the following table summarizes the weighted average guaranteed crediting rates and weighted average current crediting rates as of december 31, 2017 for certain fixed annuities where management has the ability to change the crediting rate, subject to a contractual minimum. other products, including equity-indexed, variable and immediate annuities totaling $4.66 billion of contractholder funds, have been excluded from the analysis because management does not have the ability to change the crediting rate or the minimum crediting rate is not considered meaningful in this context.
weighted average guaranteed crediting rates and weighted average current crediting rates
($ in millions)                                               weighted average guaranteed crediting rates                 weighted average current crediting rates                         contractholderfunds annuities with annual crediting rate resets                                  3.12                       %                              3.12                      %                           $4,945
annuities with multi-year rate guarantees (1):
analysis of reserves and contractholder funds product liabilities for the years ended december 31,
immediate fixed annuities with life contingencies sub-standard structured settlements and group pension terminations (1)          $5,284                $5,029                $5,030
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits                                   $8,934                $8,721                $8,817
deferred fixed annuities                                                        $8,128                $8,921                $9,748
immediate fixed annuities without life contingencies                             2,700                 2,874                 3,094
(1)   comprises structured settlement annuities for annuitants with severe injuries or other health impairments which increased their expected mortality rate at the time the annuity was issued ("sub-standard structured settlements") and group annuity contracts issued to sponsors of terminated pension plans ("abo"). sub-standard structured settlements comprise 5% of our immediate annuity policies in force and 53% of the immediate annuity reserve for life-contingent contract benefits.
(2)   comprises structured settlement annuities for annuitants with standard life expectancy ("standard structured settlements") and single premium immediate annuities ("spia") with life contingencies.
(3)   includes $85 million of institutional products as of december 31, 2015.
2017 form 10-k allstate annuities contractholder funds represent interest-bearing liabilities arising from the sale of products such as fixed annuities and funding agreements. the balance of contractholder funds is equal to the cumulative deposits received and interest credited to the contractholder less cumulative contract benefits, surrenders, withdrawals, maturities and contract charges for mortality or administrative expenses.
deposits                                                                    28                    42                    42
interest credited                                                          370                   403                   442
benefits, withdrawals, maturities and other adjustments benefits                                                                  (638    )             (705    )             (790    )
surrenders and partial withdrawals                                        (723    )             (780    )           (1,003    )
maturities of and interest payments on institutional products                -                   (86    )               (1    )
total benefits, withdrawals, maturities and other adjustments           (1,377    )           (1,600    )           (1,841    )
(1)   the table above illustrates the changes in contractholder funds, which are presented gross of reinsurance recoverables on the consolidated statements of financial position. the table above is intended to supplement our discussion and analysis of revenues, which are presented net of reinsurance on the consolidated statements of operations. as a result, the net change in contractholder funds associated with products reinsured is reflected as a component of the other adjustments line.
contractholder funds decreased 8.2% and 8.8% in 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily due to the continued runoff of our deferred fixed annuity business. we discontinued the sale of annuities but still accept additional deposits on existing contracts.
contractholder deposits decreased 33.3% in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to lower additional deposits on fixed annuities. contractholder deposits in 2016 were comparable to 2015.
surrenders and partial withdrawals decreased 7.3% to $723 million in 2017 from $780 million in 2016.
surrenders and partial withdrawals decreased 22.2% to $780 million in 2016 from $1.00 billion in 2015. the surrender and partial withdrawal rate on deferred fixed annuities, based on the beginning of year contractholder funds, was 8.7% in 2017 compared to 8.6% in 2016 and 9.9% in 2015.
maturities of and interest payments on institutional products included an $85 million maturity in 2016. there were no institutional products outstanding as of december 31, 2017 or 2016.
allstate annuities reinsurance ceded we ceded substantially all of the risk associated with our variable annuity business to prudential insurance company of america ("prudential"). our reinsurance recoverables from prudential totaled $1.35 billion and $1.41 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we also have reinsurance recoverables from other reinsurers of $17 million and $18 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
we retain primary liability as a direct insurer for all risks ceded to reinsurers. we continuously monitor the creditworthiness of reinsurers in order to determine our risk of recoverability on an individual and aggregate basis, and a provision for uncollectible reinsurance is recorded if needed. no amounts have been deemed unrecoverable in the three-years ended december 31, 2017.
•   unrealized net capital gains totaled $2.63 billion as of december 31, 2017, increasing from $1.77 billion as of december 31, 2016.
•   net realized capital gains were $445 million in 2017 compared to net realized capital losses of $90 million in 2016.
overview and strategy  the return on our investment portfolios is an important component of our ability to offer good value to customers, fund business improvements and create value for shareholders. investment portfolios are held for property-liability, service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits, allstate annuities, and corporate and other operations. while taking into consideration the investment portfolio in aggregate, management of the underlying portfolios is significantly influenced by the nature of each respective business and its corresponding liability profile. for each operation, we identify a strategic asset allocation which considers both the nature of the liabilities and the risk and return characteristics of the various asset classes in which we invest. this allocation is informed by our long-term and market expectations, as well as other considerations such as risk appetite, portfolio diversification, duration, desired liquidity and capital. within appropriate ranges relative to strategic allocations, tactical allocations are made in consideration of prevailing and potential future market conditions. we manage risks that involve uncertainty related to interest rates, credit spreads, equity returns and currency exchange rates.
the property-liability portfolio emphasizes protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. this approach has produced competitive returns over the long term and is designed to ensure financial strength and stability for paying claims, while maximizing economic value and surplus growth. products with lower liquidity needs, such as auto insurance and discontinued lines and coverages, and capital create capacity to invest in less liquid higher yielding fixed income securities, performance-based investments such as limited partnerships, and equity securities. products with higher liquidity needs, such as homeowners insurance, are invested primarily in high quality liquid fixed income securities.
the service businesses portfolio is focused on protection of principal and consistent income generation, within a total return framework. the portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities with a lesser allocation to equity securities and short-term investments.
the allstate life portfolio is comprised of assets chosen to generate returns to support corresponding liabilities within an asset-liability framework that targets an appropriate return on capital. this portfolio is well diversified and primarily consists of longer duration fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans.
the allstate benefits portfolio is focused on generating an appropriate return on capital. the portfolio is largely comprised of fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans with a small allocation to equity securities.
the allstate annuities portfolio is managed to ensure the assets match the characteristics of the liabilities. for longer-term immediate annuity liabilities, we invest primarily in performance-based investments such as limited partnerships and equity securities. for shorter-term annuity liabilities, we invest primarily in fixed income securities and commercial mortgage loans with maturity profiles aligned with liability cash flow requirements.
the corporate and other portfolio balances liquidity needs related to the corporate capital structure with the pursuit of returns.
within each segment, we utilize two primary strategies to manage risks and returns and to position our portfolio to take advantage of market opportunities while attempting to mitigate adverse effects. as strategies and market conditions evolve, the asset allocation may change or assets may be moved between strategies.
market-based strategies include investments primarily in public fixed income and equity securities. market-based core seeks to deliver predictable earnings aligned to business needs and returns consistent with the markets in which we invest. private fixed income assets, such as commercial mortgages, bank loans and privately placed debt that provide liquidity premiums are also included in this category.  market-based active seeks to outperform within the public markets through tactical positioning and by taking advantage of short-term opportunities. this category may generate results that meaningfully deviate from those achieved by market indices, both favorably and unfavorably.
performance-based strategy seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns and supplement market risk with idiosyncratic risk. returns are impacted by a variety of factors including general macroeconomic and public market conditions as public benchmarks are often used in the valuation of underlying investments. variability in earnings will also result from the performance of the underlying assets or business and the timing of sales of those investments. earnings from the sales of investments may be recorded as net investment income or realized capital gains and losses. the portfolio, which primarily includes private equity and real estate with a majority being limited partnerships, is diversified across a number of characteristics, including managers or the allstate corporation  85
2017 form 10-k investments partners, vintage years, strategies, geographies (including international) and industry sectors or property types. these investments are generally illiquid in nature, often require specialized expertise, typically involve a third party manager, and often enhance returns and income through transformation at the company or property level. a portion of these investments seek returns in markets or asset classes that are dislocated or special situations, primarily in private markets.
outlook in december 2017, the federal open market committee ("fomc") tightened monetary policy by setting the new target range for the federal funds rate at 1-1/4 percent to 1-1/2 percent and maintained their inflation target of 2 percent.  the fomc noted that monetary policy remains accommodative, thereby supporting strong labor market conditions and a return to 2 percent inflation.  the path of the federal funds rate increase will depend on economic conditions and their impact on the economic outlook.  we anticipate that interest rates will continue to increase but remain below historical averages and that financial markets may continue to have periods of high volatility and less liquidity. we plan to focus on the following priorities:
•   leverage our broad capabilities to shift the portfolio mix to earn higher risk-adjusted returns on capital.
•   invest for the specific needs and characteristics of allstate's businesses, including its corresponding liability profile.
we continue to increase performance-based investments in our portfolios, consistent with our ongoing strategy to have a greater proportion of return derived from idiosyncratic asset or operating performance.
invested assets and market-based income are expected to decline in line with reductions in contractholder funds and income related to performance-based investments will result in variability of earnings for the allstate annuities segment. additionally, investment income may decline to the extent we reinvest investment proceeds at market yields that are below the current portfolio yield.
portfolio composition and strategy by reporting segment (1)
($ in millions)                            property-liability        service businesses                   allstate life            allstate benefits              allstate annuities        corporate and other                      total fixed income securities (2)                  $31,740                 $757                                 $7,904                      $1,159                        $15,691                 $1,741                            $58,992
equity securities (3)                          4,752            144                             42                                        89                          1,584            10                                       6,621
limited partnership interests                  3,599                 -                                         -                           -                          3,141                 -                                   6,740
(2)   fixed income securities are carried at fair value. amortized cost basis for these securities was $31.59 billion, $760 million, $7.41 billion, $1.12 billion, $14.91 billion, $1.74 billion and $57.53 billion for property-liability, service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits, allstate annuities, corporate and other, and in total, respectively.
(3)   equity securities are carried at fair value. cost basis for these securities was $3.93 billion, $144 million, $41 million, $57 million, $1.28 billion, $10 million and $5.46 billion for property-liability, service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits, allstate annuities, corporate and other, and in total, respectively.
investments totaled $82.80 billion as of december 31, 2017, increasing from $81.80 billion as of december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher equity and fixed income valuations and positive operating cash flows partially offset by common share repurchases, the $1.4 billion squaretrade acquisition on january 3, 2017, net reductions in contractholder funds and dividends paid to shareholders.
86  www.allstate.com investments 2017 form 10-k portfolio composition by investment strategy as of december 31, 2017
($ in millions)                                    market-based core             market-based active            performance-based                 total fixed income securities                              $50,891                         $8,027                           $74                  $58,992
equity securities                                      5,438                          1,045                           138                    6,621
limited partnership interests                            695                              -                         6,045                    6,740
unrealized net capital gains and losses fixed income securities                               $1,446                            $21                            $-                   $1,467
equity securities                                      1,050                             95                            15                    1,160
limited partnership interests                              -                              -                             1           1
we continued to increase performance-based investments in both the property-liability and allstate annuities portfolios.
we maintained the maturity profile of our fixed income securities at a duration of 3.3, 5.7 and 4.1 years for the property-liability, allstate life and allstate annuities portfolios, respectively. these actions have reduced our exposure to rising rates.
in the allstate annuities portfolio, invested assets and market-based income declined in line with reductions in contractholder funds. performance-based investments and equity securities will continue to be allocated primarily to the longer-term immediate annuity liabilities to improve returns on those products while shorter-term annuity liabilities will be invested in market-based investments.
fixed income securities by type fair value as of december 31,
asset-backed securities ("abs")                               1,272                       1,171
residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs")                 578                         728
commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs")                  128                         270
total fixed income securities                               $58,992                     $57,839
fixed income securities are rated by third party credit rating agencies and/or are internally rated. as of december 31, 2017, 87.2% of the consolidated fixed income securities portfolio was rated investment grade, which is defined as a security having a rating of aaa, aa, a or baa from moody's, a rating of aaa, aa, a or bbb from s&p, a comparable rating from another nationally recognized rating agency, or a comparable internal rating if an externally provided rating is not available. credit ratings below these designations are considered low credit quality or below investment grade, which includes high yield bonds. market prices for certain securities may have credit spreads which imply higher or lower credit quality than the current third party rating. our initial investment decisions and ongoing monitoring procedures for fixed income securities are based on a thorough due diligence process which includes, but is not limited to, an assessment of the credit quality, sector, structure, and liquidity risks of each issue.
2017 form 10-k investments fair value and unrealized net capital gains and losses for fixed income securities by credit quality as of december 31, 2017
consumer and other asset-backed securities ("consumer and other abs")                  688                                (2         )                    5                                 1                            693                                (1         )
rmbs u.s. government sponsored entities ("u.s. agency")                                     103                                 2                              -                 -                                            103                                 2
total fixed income securities                                                      $51,424                            $1,189                         $7,568                 $278                                     $58,992                            $1,467
municipal bonds, including tax exempt and taxable securities, totaled $8.33 billion as of december 31, 2017 with 99.1% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $275 million. the municipal bond portfolio includes general obligations of state and local issuers and revenue bonds (including pre-refunded bonds, which are bonds for which an irrevocable trust has been established to fund the remaining payments of principal and interest).
our practice for acquiring and monitoring municipal bonds is predominantly based on the underlying credit quality of the primary obligor. we currently rely on the primary obligor to pay all contractual cash flows and are not relying on bond insurers for payments. as a result of downgrades in the insurers' credit ratings, the ratings of the insured municipal bonds generally reflect the underlying ratings of the primary obligor.
corporate bonds, including publicly traded and privately placed, totaled $44.03 billion as of december 31, 2017, with an unrealized net capital gain of $1.03 billion. privately placed securities primarily consist of corporate issued senior debt securities that are directly negotiated with the borrower or are in unregistered form.
our $11.96 billion portfolio of privately placed securities is diversified by issuer, industry sector and country. the portfolio is made up of 449 issuers. privately placed corporate obligations may contain structural security features such as financial covenants and call protections that provide investors greater protection against credit deterioration, reinvestment risk or fluctuations in interest rates than those typically found in publicly registered debt securities. additionally, investments in these securities are made after due diligence of the issuer, typically including discussions with senior management and on-site visits to company facilities. ongoing monitoring includes direct periodic dialog with senior management of the issuer and continuous monitoring of operating performance and financial position. every issue not rated by an independent rating agency is internally rated with a formal rating affirmation at least once a year.
our corporate bonds portfolio includes $6.92 billion of below investment grade bonds, $2.73 billion of which are privately placed. these securities are diversified by issuer and industry sector. the below investment grade corporate bonds portfolio is made up of 294 issuers. we employ fundamental analyses of issuers and sectors along with macro and asset class views to identify investment opportunities. this results in a portfolio with broad exposure to the high yield market, yet with an emphasis on idiosyncratic positions reflective of our views of market conditions and opportunities.
foreign government securities totaled $1.02 billion as of december 31, 2017, with 100.0% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $16 million. of these securities, 73.6% are in canadian governmental and provincial securities (68.8% of which are held by our canadian companies), 18.8% are backed by the u.s. government and the remaining 7.6% are highly diversified in other foreign governments.
abs, rmbs and cmbs are structured securities that are primarily collateralized by consumer or corporate borrowings and residential and commercial real estate loans. the cash flows from the underlying collateral paid to the securitization trust are generally applied in a pre-determined order and are designed so that each security issued by the trust, typically referred to as a "class", qualifies for a specific original rating.
88  www.allstate.com investments 2017 form 10-k for example, the "senior" portion or "top" of the capital structure, or rating class, which would originally qualify for a rating of aaa typically has priority in receiving principal repayments on the underlying collateral and retains this priority until the class is paid in full. in a sequential structure, underlying collateral principal repayments are directed to the most senior rated aaa class in the structure until paid in full, after which principal repayments are directed to the next most senior aaa class in the structure until it is paid in full. senior aaa classes generally share any losses from the underlying collateral on a pro-rata basis after losses are absorbed by classes with lower original ratings. the payment priority and class subordination included in these securities serves as credit enhancement for holders of the senior or top portions of the structures. these securities continue to retain the payment priority features that existed at the origination of the securitization trust. other forms of credit enhancement may include structural features embedded in the securitization trust, such as overcollateralization, excess spread and bond insurance. the underlying collateral may contain fixed interest rates, variable interest rates (such as adjustable rate mortgages), or both fixed and variable rate features.
abs, including cdo and consumer and other abs, totaled $1.27 billion as of december 31, 2017, with 96.5% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $6 million. credit risk is managed by monitoring the performance of the underlying collateral. many of the securities in the abs portfolio have credit enhancement with features such as overcollateralization, subordinated structures, reserve funds, guarantees and/or insurance.
cdo totaled $579 million as of december 31, 2017, with 93.1% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $7 million. cdo consist of obligations collateralized by cash flow cdo, which are structures collateralized primarily by below investment grade senior secured corporate loans.
consumer and other abs totaled $693 million as of december 31, 2017, with 99.3% rated investment grade. consumer and other abs consists of $273 million of consumer auto, $175 million of credit card and $245 million of other abs with unrealized net capital losses of $1 million, $1 million and an unrealized net capital gain of $1 million, respectively.
rmbs totaled $578 million as of december 31, 2017, with 23.0% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $98 million. the rmbs portfolio is subject to interest rate risk, but unlike other fixed income securities, is additionally subject to prepayment risk from the underlying residential mortgage loans. rmbs consists of a u.s. agency portfolio having collateral issued or guaranteed by u.s. government agencies and a non-agency portfolio consisting of securities collateralized by prime, alt-a and subprime loans. the non-agency portfolio totaled $475 million as of december 31, 2017, with 6.3% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $96 million.
cmbs totaled $128 million as of december 31, 2017, with 35.9% rated investment grade and an unrealized net capital gain of $4 million. the cmbs portfolio is subject to credit risk and has a sequential pay-down structure. the cmbs investments are primarily traditional conduit transactions collateralized by commercial mortgage loans, broadly diversified across property types and geographical area.
equity securities primarily include common stocks, exchange traded and mutual funds, non-redeemable preferred stocks and real estate investment trust equity investments. certain exchange traded and mutual funds have fixed income securities as their underlying investments. the equity securities portfolio was $6.62 billion as of december 31, 2017, with an unrealized net capital gain of $1.16 billion.
mortgage loans, which are primarily held in the life and annuity portfolios, totaled $4.53 billion as of december 31, 2017 and primarily comprise loans secured by first mortgages on developed commercial real estate. key considerations used to manage our exposure include property type and geographic diversification. for further detail on our mortgage loan portfolio, see note 5 of the consolidated financial statements.
limited partnership interests include interests in private equity funds, real estate funds and other funds.
2017 form 10-k investments carrying value and other information for limited partnership interests as of december 31, 2017
($ in millions)                                      private equity                 real estate                       other                       total cost method of accounting ("cost") (1)                $1,179                        $103                         $45                      $1,327
equity method of accounting ("ema") (2)                3,573                       1,190                         650                       5,413
(1)   beginning january 1, 2018, due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities, cost method limited partnerships (excluding limited partnership interests accounted for on a cost recovery basis) will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. the existing carrying value of these investments will increase to fair value with the offsetting adjustment, after-tax, recognized in retained income through a cumulative effect adjustment. see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details on the new accounting standard.
(2)   total ema includes approximately $854 million of cumulative pre-tax appreciation. ema limited partnerships are included in our comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify other-than-temporary impairment. evidence of a loss in value that is other-than-temporary may include the absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or the inability of the investee to sustain a level of earnings that would justify the carrying amount of the investment.
short-term investments totaled $1.94 billion as of december 31, 2017, which includes securities lending collateral of $808 million.
unrealized net capital gains totaled $2.63 billion as of december 31, 2017 compared to $1.77 billion as of december 31, 2016. the appreciation of equity securities reflected strong equity markets, partially offset by realization of gains from the sale of securities. fixed income valuations increased on lower market yields resulting from tighter credit spreads, partially offset by realization of gains from the sale of securities.
unrealized net capital gains and losses as of december 31,
fixed income securities                                         1,467                       1,263
equity securities (1)                                           1,160                         509
ema limited partnerships                                            1                          (4      )
unrealized net capital gains and losses, pre-tax               $2,627                      $1,770
(1)   beginning january 1, 2018, due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and liabilities, equity securities will be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income. the existing unrealized net capital gains and losses, after-tax, will be reclassified to retained income through a cumulative-effect adjustment. see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements for additional details on the new accounting standard.
we have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security that may be other-than-temporarily impaired. the process includes a quarterly review of all securities to identify instances where the fair value of a security compared to its amortized cost (for fixed income securities) or cost (for equity securities) is below established thresholds. the process also includes the monitoring of other impairment indicators such as ratings, ratings downgrades and payment defaults. the securities identified, in addition to other securities for which we may have a concern, are evaluated for potential other-than-temporary impairment using all reasonably available information relevant to the collectability or recovery of the security. inherent in our evaluation of other-than-temporary impairment for these fixed income and equity securities are assumptions and estimates about the financial condition and future earnings potential of the issue or issuer. some of the factors that may be
90  www.allstate.com investments 2017 form 10-k considered in evaluating whether a decline in fair value is other than temporary are: 1) the financial condition, near-term and long-term prospects of the issue or issuer, including relevant industry specific market conditions and trends, geographic location and implications of rating agency actions and offering prices; 2) the specific reasons that a security is in an unrealized loss position, including overall market conditions which could affect liquidity; and 3) the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than amortized cost or cost. all investments in an unrealized loss position as of december 31, 2017
were included in our portfolio monitoring process for determining whether declines in value were other than temporary.
the unrealized net capital gain for the fixed income portfolio totaled $1.47 billion, comprised of $1.75 billion of gross unrealized gains and $283 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2017. this is compared to an unrealized net capital gain for the fixed income portfolio totaling $1.26 billion, comprised of $1.71 billion of gross unrealized gains and $447 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2016.
gross unrealized gains and losses on fixed income securities by type and sector as of december 31, 2017
utilities                                                 5,655                         360                         (27      )                5,988
capital goods                                             4,835                         113                         (21      )                4,927
total fixed income securities                           $57,525                      $1,750                       $(283      )              $58,992
the consumer goods, utilities and capital goods sectors comprise 31%, 14% and 11%, respectively, of the carrying value of our corporate fixed income securities portfolio as of december 31, 2017. the consumer goods, utilities and banking sectors had the highest concentration of gross unrealized losses in our corporate fixed income securities portfolio as of december 31, 2017. in general, the gross unrealized losses are related to an increase in market yields, which may include increased risk-free interest rates and/or wider credit spreads since the time of initial purchase. similarly, gross unrealized gains reflect a decrease in market yields since the time of initial purchase.
the unrealized net capital gain for the equity portfolio totaled $1.16 billion, comprised of $1.17 billion of gross unrealized gains and $12 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2017. this is compared to an unrealized net capital gain for the equity portfolio totaling $509 million, comprised of $594 million of gross unrealized gains and $85 million of gross unrealized losses as of december 31, 2016.
2017 form 10-k investments gross unrealized gains and losses on equity securities by sector as of december 31, 2017
utilities                                                   92                       17               (1          )                 108
capital goods                                              310                      101               -                             411
total equity securities                                 $5,461                   $1,172               $(12        )              $6,621
as of december 31, 2017, we have not made the decision to sell and it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell fixed income securities with unrealized losses before recovery of the amortized cost basis.
as of december 31, 2017, we have the intent and ability to hold equity securities with unrealized losses for a period of time sufficient for them to recover.
fixed income securities                    $2,078                $2,060                $2,218
equity securities                             174                   137                   110
limited partnership interests                 889                   561                   549
net investment income increased 11.8% or $359 million in 2017 compared to 2016, after decreasing 3.6% or $114 million in 2016 compared to 2015. the 2017 increase benefited from strong performance-based results, primarily from limited partnerships, an increase in invested assets and stable market-based yields, partially offset by higher employee-related expenses.
the 2016 decrease was primarily due to lower fixed income yields resulting from lower market yields and portfolio repositioning (including both the 2015 maturity profile shortening in the portfolio supporting annuity liabilities and the shift to performance-based investments).
92  www.allstate.com investments 2017 form 10-k performance-based investments primarily include private equity and real estate.
limited partnerships private equity                                            $725                    $455                    $402
performance-based - limited partnerships (1)               889                     561                     559
non-limited partnerships private equity                                              19                       9                      10
performance-based - non-limited partnerships                63                      50                      39
total private equity                                             744                     464                     412
(1)   other limited partnership interests where the underlying assets consist of public securities are held in the market-based core portfolio and are not included in the table above. investment income (loss) for these limited partnership interests was zero for both 2017 and 2016, and $(10) million in 2015.
the five highest contributing performance-based investments in 2017 and 2016 generated investment income of $210 million and $147 million, respectively. performance-based results and income can vary significantly between periods and are influenced by economic conditions, equity market performance, comparable public company earnings multiples, capitalization rates, operating performance of the underlying investments and the timing of asset sales.
components of realized capital gains and losses and the related tax effect for the year december 31,
impairment write-downs fixed income securities                                                              $(26       )                    $(44       )                    $(75       )
equity securities                                                                     (38       )                    (125       )                     (59       )
limited partnership interests                                                         (32       )                     (56       )                     (51       )
total impairment write-downs                                                         (102       )                    (234       )                    (195       )
change in intent write-downs                                                          (48       )                     (69       )                    (221       )
realized capital gains and losses, pre-tax                                            445                             (90       )                      30
income tax (expense) benefit                                                         (147       )                      34                             (11       )
realized capital gains and losses, after-tax                                         $298                            $(56       )                     $19
realized capital gains and losses, pre-tax                                           $445                            $(90       )                     $30
2017 form 10-k investments realized capital gains and losses in 2017 primarily related to net gains on sales, as well as gains from valuation changes in public securities held in certain limited partnerships, partially offset by impairment and change in intent write-downs, and derivative valuation losses.
impairment write-downs totaled $102 million, $234 million and $195 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
equity securities were written down in 2017, 2016 and 2015 primarily due to the length of time and extent to which fair value was below cost, considering our assessment of the financial condition and prospects of the issuer, including relevant industry conditions and trends.
impairment write-downs on limited partnership interests and fixed income securities in 2017 related to investment specific circumstances.
impairment write-downs on fixed income securities in 2016 were primarily driven by corporate fixed income securities impacted by issuer specific circumstances. limited partnership write-downs primarily related to investments with exposure to the energy sector, partially offset by the recovery in value of a limited partnership that was previously written-down. impairment write-downs in 2016 included $108 million related to investments with exposure to the energy sector.
impairment write-downs on fixed income securities in 2015 were primarily driven by corporate fixed income securities impacted by issuer specific circumstances including exposure to oil and natural gas, defaulted special assessment municipal bonds, and collateralized loan obligations that experienced deterioration in expected cash flows. limited partnership write-downs primarily related to two investments that had been impacted by the decline in natural gas prices. impairment write-downs in 2015 included $97 million and $18 million of investments with exposure to the energy sector and metals and mining exposure in the basic industry sector, respectively.
change in intent write-downs totaled $48 million, $69 million and $221 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the change in intent write-downs primarily relate to equity securities that we may not hold for a period of time sufficient to recover unrealized losses given our preference to maintain flexibility to reposition the portfolio. as of december 31, 2017, these holdings totaled $2.03 billion. for certain equity securities managed by third parties, we do not retain decision making authority as it pertains to selling securities that are in an unrealized loss position and therefore we recognize any unrealized loss at the end of the period through a charge to earnings. as of december 31, 2017, these holdings totaled $58 million and we recognized change in intent write-downs of $1 million in 2017.
sales and other generated $641 million, $213 million and $470 million of net realized capital gains in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
sales and other in 2017 and 2016 included sales of equity and fixed income securities in connection with ongoing portfolio management, as well as gains from valuation changes in public securities held in certain limited partnerships. sales in first quarter 2016 included $105 million of losses on $1.90 billion of sales to reduce our exposure to the energy, metals and mining sectors. sales and other in 2015 included sales of longer duration fixed income securities in connection with the maturity profile shortening in the portfolio supporting annuity liabilities and equity securities in connection with ongoing portfolio management, as well as losses from valuation changes in public securities held in certain limited partnerships.
valuation and settlements of derivative instruments net realized capital losses were $46 million in 2017, net realized capital gains netted to zero in 2016 and net realized capital losses were $24 million in 2015. 2017 primarily comprised losses on foreign currency contracts due to the weakening of the u.s. dollar and losses on equity futures used for risk management due to increases in equity indices. 2016 primarily comprised gains on foreign currency contracts due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, offset by losses on equity futures used for risk management due to increases in equity indices and losses on credit default swaps due to the tightening of credit spreads on the underlying credit names. the net realized capital losses in 2015 primarily comprised losses on foreign currency contracts due to the weakening of the canadian dollar.
94  www.allstate.com investments 2017 form 10-k realized capital gains and losses for performance-based investments for the years ended december 31,
limited partnerships private equity                                                  $(38       )                    $(57       )                    $(46       )
performance-based - limited partnerships (1)                     (31       )                     (52       )                     (50       )
non-limited partnerships private equity                                                   (26       )                     (21       )                       3
performance-based - non-limited partnerships                     (10       )                     (19       )                       1
total private equity                                                   (64       )                     (78       )                     (43       )
(1)   other limited partnership interests where the underlying assets consist of public securities are held in the market-based core portfolio and are not included in the table above. realized capital gains and losses were $163 million, $31 million and $(43) million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for these limited partnership interests.
realized capital losses on performance based investments were $41 million, $71 million and $49 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 2017 included impairment write-downs on private equity investments and derivative losses related to the hedging of foreign currency risk, partially offset by gains on sale of real estate investments. 2016 included impairment write-downs on certain investments with exposure to the energy sector, partially offset by the recovery in value of a limited partnership that was previously written-down. 2015 included impairment write-downs primarily related to two energy related investments that had been impacted by a decline in natural gas prices.
2017 form 10-k market risk market risk market risk is the risk that we will incur losses due to adverse changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, commodity prices or currency exchange rates. adverse changes to these rates and prices may occur due to changes in fiscal policy, the economic climate, the liquidity of a market or market segment, insolvency or financial distress of key market makers or participants or changes in market perceptions of credit worthiness and/or risk tolerance. our primary market risk exposures are to changes in interest rates, credit spreads and equity prices. we have no direct exposure to commodity price changes.
the active management of market risk is integral to our results of operations. we may use the following approaches to manage exposure to market risk within defined tolerance ranges: 1) rebalancing existing asset or liability portfolios, 2) changing the type of investments purchased in the future and 3) using derivative instruments to modify the market risk characteristics of existing assets and liabilities or assets expected to be purchased. for a more detailed discussion of our use of derivative instruments, see note 7 of the consolidated financial statements.
overview  in formulating and implementing guidelines for investing funds, we seek to earn attractive risk-adjusted returns that enhance our ability to offer competitive rates and prices to customers while contributing to stable profits and long-term capital growth. accordingly, our investment decisions and objectives are informed by the underlying risks and product profiles. investment policies define the overall framework for managing market and other investment risks, including accountability and controls over risk management activities. subsidiaries that conduct investment activities follow policies that have been approved by their respective boards of directors and which specify the investment limits and strategies that are appropriate given the liquidity, surplus, product profile and regulatory requirements of the subsidiary. executive oversight of investment activities is conducted primarily through subsidiaries' boards of directors and investment committees.
for life and annuity products, the asset-liability management ("alm") policies further define the overall framework for managing market and investment risks and are approved by the subsidiaries' respective boards of directors. alm focuses on strategies to enhance yields, mitigate market risks and optimize capital to improve profitability and returns while incorporating future expected cash requirements to repay liabilities. these alm policies specify limits, ranges and/or targets for investments that best meet business objectives in light of the unique demands and characteristics of the product liabilities and are intended to result in a prudent, methodical and effective adjudication of market risk and return.
we use widely-accepted quantitative and qualitative approaches to measure, monitor and manage market risk. we evaluate our market risk exposure using multiple measures including but not limited to:
• duration, a measure of the price sensitivity of assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates
• value-at-risk, a statistical estimate of the probability that the change in fair value of a portfolio will exceed a certain amount over a given time horizon
• scenario analysis, an estimate of the potential changes in the fair value of a portfolio that could occur under hypothetical market conditions defined by changes to multiple market risk factors: interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices or currency exchange rates
• sensitivity analysis, an estimate of the potential changes in the fair value of a portfolio that could occur using hypothetical shocks to a market risk factor in general, we establish investment portfolio asset allocation and market risk limits based upon a combination of duration, value-at-risk, scenario analysis and sensitivity analysis. the asset allocation limits place restrictions on the total funds that may be invested within an asset class. comprehensive day-to-day management of market risk within defined tolerance ranges occurs as portfolio managers buy and sell within their respective markets based upon the acceptable boundaries established by investment policies. although we apply a similar overall philosophy to market risk, the underlying business frameworks and the accounting and regulatory environments may differ between our products and therefore affect investment decisions and risk parameters.
interest rate risk is the risk that we will incur a loss due to adverse changes in interest rates relative to the characteristics of our interest-bearing assets and liabilities. interest rate risk includes risks related to changes in u.s. treasury yields and other key risk-free reference yields. this risk arises from many of our primary activities, as we invest substantial funds in interest-sensitive assets and issue interest-sensitive liabilities. changes in interest rates can have favorable and unfavorable effects on our results. for example, increases in rates can improve investment income, but decrease the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio and increase policyholder surrenders requiring us to liquidate assets. decreases in rates could increase the fair value of our fixed income securities portfolio while decreasing investment income due to reinvesting at lower market yields and accelerating pay-downs and prepayments of certain investments.
for our corporate debt, we monitor market interest rates and evaluate refinancing opportunities as maturity dates approach. to mitigate this risk, we structure the maturity dates of our debt. for further detail regarding our debt, see note 12 of the consolidated financial statements and the capital resources and liquidity section of the md&a.
we manage the interest rate risk in our assets relative to the interest rate risk in our liabilities and our assessment of overall economic and capital risk. one of the measures used to quantify this exposure is duration. the difference in the duration of our assets relative to our liabilities is our duration gap. to calculate the duration gap between assets and
96  www.allstate.com market risk 2017 form 10-k liabilities, we project asset and liability cash flows and calculate their net present value using a risk-free market interest rate adjusted for credit quality, sector attributes, liquidity and other specific risks. duration is calculated by revaluing these cash flows at alternative interest rates and determining the percentage change in aggregate fair value. the cash flows used in this calculation include the expected maturity and repricing characteristics of our derivative financial instruments, all other financial instruments, and certain other items including, unearned premiums, claims and claims expense reserves, annuity liabilities and other interest-sensitive liabilities.
the projections include assumptions (based upon historical market experience and our experience) that reflect the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment, lapse, leverage and/or option features of instruments, where applicable. the preceding assumptions relate primarily to callable municipal and corporate bonds, fixed rate single and flexible premium deferred annuities, mortgage-backed securities and municipal housing bonds. additionally, the calculations include assumptions regarding the renewal of property and casualty products.
as of december 31, 2017, the difference between our asset and liability duration was a (2.16) gap compared to a (2.02) gap as of december 31, 2016. the calculation excludes traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance and accident and health insurance products that are not considered financial instruments. a negative duration gap indicates that the fair value of our liabilities is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our assets, while a positive duration gap indicates that the fair value of our assets is more sensitive to interest rate movements than the fair value of our liabilities. due to the relatively short duration of our property and casualty liabilities, primarily related to auto and homeowners claims, the investments generally maintain a positive duration gap between assets and liabilities. in contrast, for our annuity products the duration gap maybe positive or negative as the assets and liabilities vary based on the characteristics of the products in-force and investing activity. as of december 31, 2017, property and casualty products had a positive duration gap while annuity products had a negative duration gap.
to reduce the risk that investment returns are below levels required to meet the funding needs of certain liabilities, we are executing our performance-based strategy that supplements market risk with idiosyncratic risk. we are using these investments, in addition to public equity securities, to support a portion of our property and casualty products and long-term annuity liabilities. shorter-term annuity liabilities will continue to be invested in market-based investments to generate cash flows that will fund future claims, benefits and expenses, and that will earn stable returns across a wide variety of interest rate and economic scenarios. performance-based investments and public equity securities are generally not interest-bearing; accordingly, using them to support interest-
bearing liabilities contributes toward a negative duration gap.
based upon the information and assumptions used in the duration calculation, and market interest rates as of december 31, 2017, we estimate that a 100 basis point immediate, parallel increase in interest rates ("rate shock") would increase the fair value of the assets net of liabilities by $1.65 billion, compared to an increase of $1.50 billion as of december 31, 2016, reflecting year to year changes in duration and the amount of assets and liabilities. the selection of a 100 basis point immediate, parallel change in interest rates should not be construed as our prediction of future market events, but only as an illustration of the potential effect of such an event.
the estimate excludes traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance and accident and health insurance products that are not considered financial instruments and the $11.06 billion of assets supporting them and the associated liabilities. the $11.06 billion of assets excluded from the calculation increased from $10.85 billion as of december 31, 2016. based on assumptions described above, in the event of a 100 basis point immediate increase in interest rates, the assets supporting the excluded products would decrease in value by $620 million compared to a decrease of $560 million as of december 31, 2016. to the extent that conditions differ from the assumptions we used in these calculations, duration and rate shock measures could be significantly impacted. additionally, our calculations assume the current relationship between short-term and long-term interest rates (the term structure of interest rates) will remain constant over time. as a result, these calculations may not fully capture the effect of non-parallel changes in the term structure of interest rates and/or large changes in interest rates.
credit spread risk is the risk that we will incur a loss due to adverse changes in credit spreads ("spreads"). credit spread is the additional yield on fixed income securities and loans above the risk-free rate (typically referenced as the yield on u.s. treasury securities) that market participants require to compensate them for assuming credit, liquidity and/or prepayment risks. the magnitude of the spread will depend on the likelihood that a particular issuer will default. this risk arises from many of our primary activities, as we invest substantial funds in spread-sensitive fixed income assets. we manage the spread risk in our assets. one of the measures used to quantify this exposure is spread duration. spread duration measures the price sensitivity of the assets to changes in spreads. for example, if spreads increase 100 basis points, the fair value of an asset exhibiting a spread duration of 5 is expected to decrease in value by 5%.
2017 form 10-k market risk increase in spreads across all asset classes, industry sectors and credit ratings ("spread shock") would decrease the net fair value of the assets by $2.46 billion compared to $2.40 billion as of december 31, 2016. reflected in the spread duration calculation are the effects of tactical positions that include the use of credit default swaps to manage spread risk. the selection of a 100 basis point immediate parallel change in spreads should not be construed as our prediction of future market events, but only as an illustration of the potential effect of such an event.
equity price risk is the risk that we will incur losses due to adverse changes in the general levels of the equity markets. as of december 31, 2017, we held $6.33 billion in common stocks and exchange traded and mutual funds and $7.03 billion in other investments with equity risk (including primarily limited partnership interests and non-redeemable preferred securities), compared to $5.48 billion and $6.00 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2016. 71.1% of the common stocks and exchange traded and mutual funds and 54.8% of the other securities with equity risk supported property and casualty products as of december 31, 2017, compared to 71.3% and 53.5%, respectively, as of december 31, 2016.
as of december 31, 2017, our portfolio of common stocks and other investments with equity risk had a cash market portfolio beta of 1.03, compared to a beta of 1.04 as of december 31, 2016. beta represents a widely used methodology to describe, quantitatively, an investment's market risk characteristics relative to an index such as the standard & poor's 500 composite price index ("s&p 500"). based on the beta analysis, we estimate that if the s&p 500 increases or decreases by 10%, the fair value of our equity investments will increase or decrease by 10.3%, respectively. based upon the information and assumptions we used to calculate beta as of december 31, 2017, we estimate that an immediate increase or decrease in the s&p 500 of 10% would increase or decrease the net fair value of our equity investments by $1.37 billion, of which approximately 50% relates to public securities, compared to $1.20 billion as of december 31, 2016. the selection of a 10% immediate increase or decrease in the s&p 500 should not be construed as our prediction of future market events, but only as an illustration of the potential effect of such an event. the beta of our common stocks and other investments with equity risk was determined by calculating the change in the fair value of the portfolio resulting from stressing the equity market up and down 10%. the illustrations noted above may not reflect our actual experience if the future composition of the portfolio (hence its beta) and correlation relationships differ from the historical relationships.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had separate account assets related to variable annuity and variable life contracts with account values totaling $3.44 billion and $3.39 billion, respectively. equity risk exists for contract charges based on separate account balances and guarantees for death and/or income benefits provided by our variable products. in 2006, we disposed of substantially all of the variable annuity business through reinsurance agreements with the prudential insurance company of america, a subsidiary of prudential financial inc. and therefore mitigated this aspect of our risk. equity risk for our variable life business relates to contract charges and policyholder benefits. total direct and assumed variable life contract charges for 2017 and 2016 were $41 million and $40 million, respectively. separate account liabilities related to variable life contracts were $70 million and $66 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $1.85 billion and $1.81 billion, respectively, in equity-indexed life and annuity liabilities that provide customers with interest crediting rates based on the performance of the s&p 500. we hedge the majority of the risk associated with these liabilities using equity-indexed options and futures and eurodollar futures, maintaining risk within specified value-at-risk limits.
foreign currency exchange rate risk is the risk that we will incur economic losses due to adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. this risk primarily arises from our foreign equity investments, including common stocks, limited partnership interests, and our canadian, northern ireland and indian operations. we also have investments in certain fixed income securities and emerging market fixed income funds that are denominated in foreign currencies. derivatives are used to hedge approximately 4% of this foreign currency risk.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $2.18 billion in foreign currency denominated equity investments, $1.02 billion net investment in our foreign subsidiaries, primarily related to our canadian operations, and $112 million in unhedged non-u.s. dollar fixed income securities. these amounts were $1.86 billion, $901 million, and $97 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2016.
based upon the information and assumptions used as of december 31, 2017, we estimate that a 10% immediate unfavorable change in each of the foreign currency exchange rates to which we are exposed would decrease the value of our foreign currency denominated instruments by $326 million, compared with an estimated $269 million decrease as of december 31, 2016. the selection of a 10% immediate decrease in all currency exchange rates should not be construed as our prediction of future market events, but only as an illustration of the potential effect of such an event.
the modeling technique we use to report our currency exposure does not take into account correlation among foreign currency exchange rates. even though we believe it is very unlikely that all of the foreign currency exchange rates that we are exposed to would simultaneously decrease by 10%, we nonetheless stress test our portfolio under this and other hypothetical extreme adverse market scenarios. our actual experience may differ from these results because of assumptions we have used or because significant liquidity and market events could occur that we did not foresee.
98  www.allstate.com pension and other postretirement plans 2017 form 10-k pension and other postretirement plans our defined benefit pension plans cover most full-time employees, certain part-time employees and employee-agents. benefits are based primarily on a cash balance formula; however, certain participants have a significant portion of their benefits attributable to a former final average pay formula. 88% of the projected benefit obligation ("pbo") of our primary qualified employee plan is related to the former final average pay formula. see note 17 of the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these plans and their effect on the consolidated financial statements.
changes in assumptions can significantly affect the amounts recorded for net periodic pension cost and aoci, particularly the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is based on rates at which expected pension benefits attributable to past employee service could effectively be settled on a present value basis at the measurement date. we develop the assumed discount rate by utilizing the weighted average yield of a theoretical dedicated portfolio derived from non-callable bonds and bonds with a make-whole provision available in the bloomberg corporate bond universe having ratings of at least "aa" by s&p or at least "aa" by moody's on the measurement date with cash flows that match expected plan benefit requirements. significant changes in discount rates, such as those caused by changes in the credit spreads, yield curve, the mix of bonds available in the market, the duration of selected bonds and expected benefit payments, may result in volatility in pension cost and aoci.
holding other assumptions constant, a hypothetical decrease of 100 basis points in the discount rate would result in an increase of $29 million, pre-tax, in net periodic pension cost and a $570 million, after-tax, increase in the unrecognized pension cost liability recorded as aoci as of december 31, 2017, compared to an increase of $28 million, pre-tax, in net periodic pension cost and a $446 million, after-tax, increase in the unrecognized pension cost liability as of december 31, 2016. a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in the discount rate would decrease net periodic pension cost by $24 million, pre-tax, and would decrease the unrecognized pension cost liability recorded as aoci by $476 million, after-tax, as of december 31, 2017, compared to a decrease in net periodic pension cost of $25 million, pre-tax, and a $375 million, after-tax, decrease in the unrecognized pension cost liability recorded as aoci as of december 31, 2016. the 2017 estimated change in the unrecognized pension cost liability recorded in aoci is at the newly enacted 21% u.s. corporate tax rate.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets reflects the average rate of earnings expected on plan assets. while this rate reflects long-term assumptions and is consistent with long-term historical returns, sustained changes in the market or changes in the mix of plan assets may lead to revisions in the assumed long-term rate of return on plan assets that may result in variability of pension cost. differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets are a component of unrecognized pension cost liability recorded as aoci.
estimated 2018 net periodic pension cost is $81 million, decreasing from $255 million in 2017, primarily due to lower expected settlement charges and interest costs and higher than expected asset returns in 2017 and includes expected settlement charges of $27 million primarily for lump sum payments under the employee-agent plan. pension expense is reported consistent with other types of employee compensation and as a result is included in claims expense, operating costs and expenses and investment expense.
we anticipate that the net actuarial loss for our pension plans will exceed 10% of the greater of the pbo or the market-related value of assets in 2018 and into the foreseeable future, resulting in additional amortization and net periodic pension cost. the net actuarial loss for the primary qualified employee plan will be amortized over the remaining service life of active employees (approximately 10 years) or will reverse with increases in the discount rate or better-than-expected returns on plan assets.
target funding levels are established in accordance with applicable regulations, including those under the internal revenue code ("irc") for u.s. pension plans, and generally accepted actuarial principles. our funding levels were within our targeted range as of december 31, 2017. in 2017, we contributed $131 million to our pension plans. we expect to contribute $133 million for the 2018 fiscal year. this estimate could change significantly following either an improvement or decline in investment markets.
2017 form 10-k capital resources and liquidity capital resources and liquidity
•   shareholders' equity as of december 31, 2017 was $22.55 billion, an increase of 9.6% from $20.57 billion as of december 31, 2016.
capital resources consist of shareholders' equity and debt, representing funds deployed or available to be deployed to support business operations or for general corporate purposes.
capital resources as of december 31,
preferred stock, common stock, treasury stock, retained income and other shareholders' equity items         $22,245             $20,989             $20,780
total shareholders' equity                                                                                   22,551              20,573              20,025
total capital resources                                                                                     $28,901             $26,920             $25,149
ratio of debt to shareholders' equity                                                                          28.2   %            30.9   %            25.6   %
ratio of debt to capital resources                                                                             22.0   %            23.6   %            20.4   %
shareholders' equity increased in 2017, primarily due to net income, increased unrealized net capital gains on investments and lower unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs, partially offset by common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders. in 2017, we paid dividends of $525 million and $116 million related to our common and preferred shares, respectively. shareholders' equity increased in 2016, primarily due to net income and increased unrealized net capital gains on investments, partially offset by common share repurchases and dividends paid to shareholders.
debt  $176 million of senior debt is scheduled to mature in may 2018 and $317 million of senior debt is scheduled to mature in may 2019. we have no other debt maturities until june 2023. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no outstanding commercial paper borrowings. for further information on outstanding debt, see note 12 of the consolidated financial statements.
on december 8, 2017, we entered into an asr agreement with morgan stanley to purchase $300 million of our outstanding common stock. under the asr agreement, we paid $300 million upfront and initially acquired 2.5 million shares. this asr agreement settled on january 5, 2018.
since 1995, we have acquired 682 million shares of our common stock at a cost of $31.12 billion, primarily as part of various stock repurchase programs. we have reissued 138 million common shares since 1995, primarily associated with our equity incentive plans, the 1999 acquisition of american heritage life investment corporation and the 2001 redemption of certain mandatorily redeemable preferred securities. since 1995, total common shares outstanding has decreased by 544 million shares or 60.5%, primarily due to our repurchase programs.
100  www.allstate.com capital resources and liquidity 2017 form 10-k financial ratings and strength senior long-term debt, commercial paper and insurance financial strength ratings as of december 31, 2017
our ratings are influenced by many factors including our operating and financial performance, asset quality, liquidity, asset/liability management, overall portfolio mix, financial leverage (i.e., debt), exposure to risks such as catastrophes and the current level of operating leverage. the preferred stock and subordinated debentures are viewed as having a common equity component by certain rating agencies and are given equity credit up to a pre-determined limit in our capital structure as determined by their respective methodologies. these respective methodologies consider the existence of certain terms and features in the instruments such as the noncumulative dividend feature in the preferred stock.
in july 2017, moody's affirmed the allstate corporation's debt and short-term issuer ratings of a3 and p-2, respectively, and the insurance financial strength ratings of aa3 for aic and a1 for both allstate life insurance company ("alic") and allstate assurance company ("aac"). the outlook for the ratings remained stable. in august 2017, s&p affirmed the allstate corporation's debt and short-term issuer ratings of a- and a-2, respectively, and the insurance financial strength ratings of aa- for aic and a+ for alic. the outlook for the ratings remained stable. in october 2017, a.m. best affirmed the allstate corporation's debt and short-term issuer ratings of a- and amb-1, respectively, and the insurance financial strength ratings of a+ for aic, alic and aac. the outlook for the ratings was updated to positive.
we have distinct and separately capitalized groups of subsidiaries licensed to sell property and casualty insurance that maintain separate group ratings. the ratings of these groups are influenced by the risks that relate specifically to each group. many mortgage companies require property owners to have insurance from an insurance carrier with a secure financial strength rating from an accredited rating agency. in october 2017, a.m. best upgraded the allstate new jersey insurance company ("anj"), which writes auto and homeowners insurance, rating of a- to a, and affirmed the north light specialty insurance company ("north light"), our excess and surplus lines carrier, rating of a+. the outlook for the anj rating was stable while the outlook for the north light rating was updated to positive. anj also has a financial stability rating® of a" from demotech, which was affirmed in november 2017. in october 2017, a.m. best affirmed the ckic, which underwrites personal lines property insurance in florida, rating of b-. ckic also has a financial stability rating of a' from demotech that was affirmed in december 2017.
allstate's domestic property and casualty and life insurance subsidiaries prepare their statutory-basis financial statements in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance department of the applicable state of domicile. statutory surplus is a measure that is often used as a basis for determining dividend paying capacity, operating leverage and premium growth capacity, and it is also reviewed by rating agencies in determining their ratings. property and casualty is comprised of 29 insurance companies, each of which has individual company dividend limitations. as of december 31, 2017, total statutory surplus is $18.63 billion compared to $16.82 billion as of december 31, 2016. property and casualty subsidiaries surplus was $14.90 billion as of december 31, 2017, compared to $13.44 billion as of december 31, 2016. life insurance subsidiaries surplus was $3.73 billion as of december 31, 2017, compared to $3.38 billion as of december 31, 2016.
the ratio of net premiums written to statutory surplus is a common measure of operating leverage used in the property and casualty insurance industry and serves as an indicator of a company's premium growth capacity. ratios in excess of 3 to 1 are typically considered outside the usual range by insurance regulators and rating agencies, and for homeowners and related coverages that have significant net exposure to natural catastrophes, a ratio of 1 to 1 is typically within the usual range. aic's combined premium to surplus ratio was 1.7x as of december 31, 2017 compared to 1.9x as of december 31, 2016.
the national association of insurance commissioners ("naic") has developed financial relationships or tests known as the insurance regulatory information system to assist state insurance regulators in monitoring the financial condition of insurance companies and identifying companies that require special attention or actions by state insurance regulators. the naic analyzes financial data provided by insurance companies using prescribed ratios, each with defined "usual ranges". additional regulatory scrutiny may occur if a company's ratios fall outside the usual ranges for four or more of the ratios. our domestic insurance companies have no significant departure from these ranges.
2017 form 10-k capital resources and liquidity liquidity sources and uses our potential sources and uses of funds principally include the following activities below.
activities for potential sources of funds property-liability         service businesses         allstatelife         allstate benefits         allstate annuities         corporateand other receipt of insurance premiums                                                         ü                          ü                          ü                    ü                         ü
contractholder fund deposits                                                                                                                ü                    ü                         ü
funds from securities lending, commercial paper and line of credit agreements         ü                                                     ü                                              ü                          ü
capital contributions from parent                                                     ü                          ü                          ü                    ü                         ü
dividends or return of capital from subsidiaries                                      ü                                                     ü                                              ü                          ü
funds from periodic issuance of additional securities                                                                                                                                                                 ü
receipt of intercompany settlements related to employee benefit plans                                                                                                                                                 ü
activities for potential uses of funds property-liability        service businesses        allstatelife        allstate benefits        allstate annuities        corporateand other payment of claims and related expenses                                                 ü                         ü
payment of contract benefits, maturities, surrenders and withdrawals                                                                       ü                   ü                        ü
repayment of securities lending, commercial paper and line of credit agreements        ü                                                   ü                                            ü                         ü
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                  ü                                                   ü                                            ü                         ü
dividends or return of capital to shareholders/parent company                          ü                         ü                         ü                   ü                        ü                         ü
payments related to employee and employee-agent benefit plans                          ü                         ü                         ü                   ü                        ü                         ü
payments for acquisitions                                                              ü                         ü                         ü                   ü                        ü                         ü
we actively manage our financial position and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic, and business conditions. liquidity is managed at both the entity and enterprise level across the company, and is assessed on both base and stressed level liquidity needs. we believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet these needs. additionally, we have existing intercompany agreements in place that facilitate liquidity management across the company to enhance flexibility.
as of december 31, 2017, we held $8.38 billion of cash, u.s. government and agencies fixed income securities, and public equity securities (excluding non-redeemable preferred stocks and foreign equities) which, under normal market conditions, we would expect to be able to liquidate within one week. in addition, we regularly estimate how much of the total portfolio, which includes high quality corporate fixed income and municipal holdings, can be reasonably liquidated within one quarter. these estimates are subject to considerable uncertainty associated with evolving market conditions. as of december 31, 2017, estimated liquidity available within one quarter without generating significant net realized capital losses was $20.99 billion. as of december 31, 2017, gross unrealized losses related to fixed income and equity securities totaled $295 million.
certain remote events and circumstances could constrain our liquidity. those events and circumstances include, for example, a catastrophe resulting in extraordinary losses, a downgrade in our senior long-term debt ratings to non-investment grade
102  www.allstate.com capital resources and liquidity 2017 form 10-k status, or a downgrade in aic's or alic's financial strength ratings. the rating agencies also consider the interdependence of our individually rated entities; therefore, a rating change in one entity could potentially affect the ratings of other related entities.
the allstate corporation is party to an amended and restated intercompany liquidity agreement ("liquidity agreement") with certain subsidiaries, which include, but are not limited to, alic and aic. the liquidity agreement allows for short-term advances of funds to be made between parties for liquidity and other general corporate purposes. the liquidity agreement does not establish a commitment to advance funds on the part of any party. alic and aic each serve as a lender and borrower, certain other subsidiaries serve only as borrowers, and the corporation serves only as a lender. aic also has a capital support agreement with alic. under the capital support agreement, aic is committed to providing capital to alic to maintain an adequate capital level. the maximum amount of potential funding under each of these agreements is $1.00 billion.
in addition to the liquidity agreement, the corporation also has an intercompany loan agreement with certain of its subsidiaries, which include, but are not limited to, aic and alic. the amount of intercompany loans available to the corporation's subsidiaries is at the discretion of the corporation. the maximum amount of loans the corporation will have outstanding to all its eligible subsidiaries at any given point in time is limited to $1.00 billion. the corporation may use commercial paper borrowings, bank lines of credit and securities lending to fund intercompany borrowings.
parent company capital capacity  at the parent holding company level, we have deployable assets totaling $1.95 billion as of december 31, 2017, comprising cash and investments that are generally saleable within one quarter. the substantial earnings capacity of the operating subsidiaries is the primary source of capital generation for the corporation. in 2018, aic will have the capacity to pay dividends currently estimated at $2.87 billion without prior regulatory approval. this provides funds for the parent company's fixed charges and other corporate purposes. in addition, we have access to $1.00 billion of funds from either commercial paper issuance or an unsecured revolving credit facility.
in 2017, aic paid dividends totaling $1.56 billion to its parent, allstate insurance holdings, llc ("aih"), which then paid $1.61 billion of dividends to the corporation. in 2016, aic paid dividends totaling $1.90 billion to aih, which then paid $1.87 billion of dividends to the corporation. in 2015, aic paid dividends totaling $2.31 billion to aih, which then paid $2.30 billion of dividends to the corporation. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, alic paid $600 million, zero and $103 million, respectively, of dividends to aic. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, american heritage life insurance company paid dividends totaling $70 million, $55 million and $80 million, respectively, to allstate financial insurance holdings corporation. there were no capital contributions paid by the corporation to aic in 2017, 2016 or 2015. there were no capital contributions by aic to alic in 2017, 2016 or 2015.
dividends may not be paid or declared on our common stock and shares of common stock may not be repurchased unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on our preferred stock have been declared and paid or provided for. we are prohibited from declaring or paying dividends on our preferred stock if we fail to meet specified capital adequacy, net income or shareholders' equity levels, except out of the net proceeds of common stock issued during the 90 days prior to the date of declaration. as of december 31, 2017, we satisfied all of the tests with no current restrictions on the payment of preferred stock dividends.
the terms of our outstanding subordinated debentures also prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends or distributions on our common or preferred stock or redeeming, purchasing, acquiring, or making liquidation payments on our common stock or preferred stock if we have elected to defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures, subject to certain limited exceptions. in 2017, we did not defer interest payments on the subordinated debentures.
additional borrowings to support liquidity are as follows:
•   the corporation has access to a commercial paper facility with a borrowing limit of $1.00 billion to cover short-term cash needs. in december 2017, we issued $100 million of commercial paper which was outstanding for seven days with a weighted average interest rate of 1.47% and was used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2017, there were no balances outstanding and therefore the remaining borrowing capacity was $1.00 billion; however, the outstanding balance can fluctuate daily.
•   the corporation, aic and alic have access to a $1.00 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is available for short-term liquidity requirements. the maturity date of this facility is april 2021. the facility is fully subscribed among 11 lenders with the largest commitment being $115 million. the commitments of the lenders are several and no lender is responsible for any other lender's commitment if such lender fails to make a loan under the facility. this facility contains an increase provision that would allow up to an additional $500 million of borrowing. this facility has a financial covenant requiring that we not exceed a 37.5% debt to capitalization ratio as defined in the agreement. this ratio was 14.9% as of december 31, 2017. although the right to borrow under the facility is not subject to a minimum rating requirement, the costs of maintaining the facility and borrowing under it are based on the ratings of our senior unsecured, unguaranteed long-term debt. there were no borrowings under the credit facility during 2017.
2017 form 10-k capital resources and liquidity
•   the corporation has access to a universal shelf registration statement that was filed with the securities and exchange commission on april 30, 2015. we can use this shelf registration to issue an unspecified amount of debt securities, common stock (including 545 million shares of treasury stock as of december 31, 2017), preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts, stock purchase units and securities of trust subsidiaries. the specific terms of any securities we issue under this registration statement will be provided in the applicable prospectus supplements.
liquidity exposure  contractholder funds were $19.43 billion as of december 31, 2017.
contractholder funds by contractual withdrawal provisions as of december 31, 2017
($ in millions)                                                                          percent to total not subject to discretionary withdrawal                          $3,015                   15.5          %
subject to discretionary withdrawal with adjustments:
subject to discretionary withdrawal without adjustments (3)      10,154                   52.3
(1)   includes $1.09 billion of liabilities with a contractual surrender charge of less than 5% of the account balance.
(2)   $850 million of the contracts with market value adjusted surrenders have a 30-45 day period at the end of their initial and subsequent interest rate guarantee periods (which are typically 1, 5, 7 or 10 years) during which there is no surrender charge or market value adjustment. $426 million of these contracts have their 30-45 day window period in 2018.
(3)   89% of these contracts have a minimum interest crediting rate guarantee of 3% or higher.
(4)   includes $738 million of contractholder funds on variable annuities reinsured to the prudential insurance company of america, a subsidiary of prudential financial inc., in 2006.
retail life and annuity products may be surrendered by customers for a variety of reasons. reasons unique to individual customers include a current or unexpected need for cash or a change in life insurance coverage needs. other key factors that may impact the likelihood of customer surrender include the level of the contract surrender charge, the length of time the contract has been in force, distribution channel, market interest rates, equity market conditions and potential tax implications.
in addition, the propensity for retail life insurance policies to lapse is lower than it is for fixed annuities because of the need for the insured to be re-underwritten upon policy replacement.
the surrender and partial withdrawal rate on deferred fixed annuities and interest-sensitive life insurance products, based on the beginning of year contractholder funds, was 6.1% and 6.2% in 2017 and 2016, respectively. we strive to promptly pay customers who request cash surrenders; however, statutory regulations generally provide up to six months in most states to fulfill surrender requests.
our asset-liability management practices enable us to manage the differences between the cash flows generated by our investment portfolio and the expected cash flow requirements of our life insurance and annuity product obligations.
104  www.allstate.com capital resources and liquidity 2017 form 10-k contractual obligations and commitments  our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017, and the payments due by period are shown in the following table.
($ in millions)                                                                               total             less than 1 year              1 to 3 years            over 3 years to 5 years              over 5 years liabilities for collateral (1)                                                          $1,124                    $1,124                         $-                              $-                           $-
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits (2)                                       39,381                     1,420                      2,640                           2,442                       32,879
unconditional purchase obligations (4)                                                     520                       200                        286                              31                            3
defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (4)(5)                979                        39                        115                             118                          707
other liabilities and accrued expenses (7)(8)                                            5,043                     4,792                        227                              13                           11
net unrecognized tax benefits (9)                                                           55                        55                          -                               -                            -
(1)   liabilities for collateral are typically fully secured with cash or short-term investments. we manage our short-term liquidity position to ensure the availability of a sufficient amount of liquid assets to extinguish short-term liabilities as they come due in the normal course of business, including utilizing potential sources of liquidity as disclosed previously.
(2)   contractholder funds represent interest-bearing liabilities arising from the sale of products such as interest-sensitive life and fixed annuities, including immediate annuities without life contingencies. the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits relates primarily to traditional life insurance, immediate annuities with life contingencies and voluntary accident and health insurance. these amounts reflect the present value of estimated cash payments to be made to contractholders and policyholders. certain of these contracts, such as immediate annuities without life contingencies, involve payment obligations where the amount and timing of the payment are essentially fixed and determinable. these amounts relate to (i) policies or contracts where we are currently making payments and will continue to do so and (ii) contracts where the timing of a portion or all of the payments has been determined by the contract. other contracts, such as interest-sensitive life, fixed deferred annuities, traditional life insurance and voluntary accident and health insurance, involve payment obligations where a portion or all of the amount and timing of future payments is uncertain. for these contracts, we are not currently making payments and will not make payments until (i) the occurrence of an insurable event such as death or illness or (ii) the occurrence of a payment triggering event such as the surrender or partial withdrawal on a policy or deposit contract, which is outside of our control. for immediate annuities with life contingencies, the amount of future payments is uncertain since payments will continue as long as the annuitant lives. we have estimated the timing of payments related to these contracts based on historical experience and our expectation of future payment patterns. uncertainties relating to these liabilities include mortality, morbidity, expenses, customer lapse and withdrawal activity, estimated additional deposits for interest-sensitive life contracts, and renewal premium for life policies, which may significantly impact both the timing and amount of future payments. such cash outflows reflect adjustments for the estimated timing of mortality, retirement, and other appropriate factors, but are undiscounted with respect to interest. as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table exceeds the corresponding liabilities of $19.43 billion for contractholder funds and $12.55 billion for reserve for life-contingent contract benefits as included in the consolidated statements of financial position as of december 31, 2017. the liability amount in the consolidated statements of financial position reflects the discounting for interest as well as adjustments for the timing of other factors as described above.
(3)   amount differs from the balance presented on the consolidated statements of financial position as of december 31, 2017, because the long-term debt amount above includes interest and excludes debt issuance costs.
(4)   our payment obligations relating to operating leases, unconditional purchase obligations and pension and other postretirement benefits ("opeb") contributions are managed within the structure of our intermediate to long-term liquidity management program.
(5)   the pension plans' obligations in the next 12 months represent our planned contributions to certain unfunded non-qualified plans where the benefit obligation exceeds the assets, and the remaining years' contributions are projected based on the average remaining service period using the current underfunded status of the plans. the opeb plans' obligations are estimated based on the expected benefits to be paid. these liabilities are discounted with respect to interest, and as a result the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table exceeds the corresponding liability amount of $526 million included in other liabilities and accrued expenses on the consolidated statements of financial position.
(7)   other liabilities primarily include accrued expenses and certain benefit obligations and claim payments and other checks outstanding. certain of these long-term liabilities are discounted with respect to interest, as a result the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table exceeds the corresponding liability amount by $5 million.
2017 form 10-k capital resources and liquidity
(8)   balance sheet liabilities not included in the table above include unearned and advance premiums of $14.20 billion and gross deferred tax liabilities of $1.75 billion. these items were excluded as they do not meet the definition of a contractual liability as we are not contractually obligated to pay these amounts to third parties. rather, they represent an accounting mechanism that allows us to present our financial statements on an accrual basis. in addition, other liabilities of $306 million were not included in the table above because they did not represent a contractual obligation or the amount and timing of their eventual payment was sufficiently uncertain.
(9)   net unrecognized tax benefits represent our potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized in the consolidated financial statements. we believe it is reasonably possible that the liability balance will not significantly increase within the next twelve months. the resolution of this obligation may be for an amount different than what we have accrued.
contractual commitments and periods in which commitments expire as of december 31, 2017
($ in millions)                           total                   less than 1 year                    1 to 3 years         over 3 years to 5 years             over 5 years other commitments - conditional           $172                    $114                                   $4                $3                                  $51
other commitments - unconditional         3,142             197                           192                        442                                       2,311
total commitments                         $3,314                  $311                                 $196                $445                                $2,362
contractual commitments represent investment commitments such as private placements, limited partnership interests and other loans. limited partnership interests are typically funded over the commitment period which is shorter than the contractual expiration date of the partnership and as a result, the actual timing of the funding may vary.
we have agreements in place for services we conduct, generally at cost, between subsidiaries relating to insurance, reinsurance, loans and capitalization. all material intercompany transactions have been appropriately eliminated in consolidation. intercompany transactions among insurance subsidiaries and affiliates have been approved by the appropriate departments of insurance as required.
106  www.allstate.com enterprise risk and return management 2017 form 10-k enterprise risk and return management in addition to the normal risks of the business, allstate is subject to significant risks as an insurer and a provider of other products and financial services. these risks are discussed in more detail in the risk factors section of this document. we regularly measure, monitor and report on all significant risks, but the major categories of enterprise risks are insurance, financial, investment, operational and strategic. allstate manages these risks through enterprise risk and return management ("errm") governance practices, culture, and activities that are performed on an integrated, enterprise-wide basis, following our risk and return principles. our legal and capital structures are designed to manage capital and solvency on a legal entity basis. our risk-return principles define how we operate and guide decision-making around risk and return. these principles state that our priority is to protect solvency, comply with laws and act with integrity. building upon this foundation, we strive to build strategic value and optimize risk and return.
governance  errm governance includes board oversight, an executive management committee structure, as well as enterprise and business unit chief risk officers ("cros"). the allstate corporation board of directors ("allstate board") has overall responsibility for oversight of management's design and implementation of errm. the risk and return committee ("rrc") of the allstate board oversees effectiveness of the errm framework, governance structure and decision-making, while focusing on the company's overall risk profile. the audit committee oversees effectiveness of management's control framework for risks. the enterprise risk and return council ("errc") is allstate's senior risk management committee that directs errm by establishing risk-return targets, determining economic capital levels and directing integrated strategies and actions from an enterprise perspective. the errc consists of allstate's chief executive officer, president, vice chair, business unit presidents, chief investment officer, enterprise and business unit chief risk officers and chief financial officers, general counsel and treasurer. other key committees work with the errc to direct errm activities, including the strategy & reinvention committee ("s&rc"), the operational risk council, the corporate asset liability committee, legal entity liability governance committees, and legal entity investment committees.
key risks are assessed and reported quarterly through a comprehensive errm risk dashboard prepared for senior management and the rrc. the risk dashboard communicates key risk and return conditions, provides an overall perspective of allstate's risk profile, and promotes active discussion and engagement with management and the rrc. internal controls over key risks are managed and reported to senior management and the audit committee of the company through a semiannual risk control dashboard. annually, we communicate with both the allstate board and rrc about economic capital and risks related to the strategic plan, operating plan, and incentive compensation programs.
allstate's risk appetite is integrated in planning through our economic capital framework. management and the errc rely on internal and external perspectives to determine an appropriate level of target economic capital. internal perspectives include enterprise solvency and volatility measures, stress scenarios, model assumptions, and management judgment. external considerations include naic risk-based capital as well as s&p's, moody's, and a.m. best's capital adequacy measurement. our economic capital reflects senior management's view of the aggregate level of capital necessary to satisfy stakeholder interests, manage allstate's risk profile and maintain financial strength over a multiple year time horizon. the impact of strategic initiatives on enterprise risk is evaluated through the economic capital risk-return framework.
the enterprise risk appetite is cascaded into individual risk limits which set boundaries on the amount of risk we are willing to accept from one specific risk category before escalating for further management discussion and action. risk limits are established based upon expected returns, volatility, tail/stress losses, and impact on the enterprise portfolio. to effectively operate within risk limits and for risk-return optimization, business units establish risk limits and capital targets specific to their businesses. allstate's risk management strategies adapt to changes in business and market environments.
process our shared errm framework establishes a basis for transparency and dialogue across the enterprise and for continuous learning by embedding our risk and return management culture of identifying, measuring, managing, monitoring and reporting risks within the organization. allstate designs business and enterprise strategies that seek to optimize risk-adjusted returns on capital. risks are managed at both the legal entity and enterprise level. a summary of our process to manage each of our major risk categories follows:
2017 form 10-k enterprise risk and return management insurance risk management addresses fluctuations in the timing, frequency, and severity of benefits, expenses, and premiums relative to the return expectations at the time of pricing inclusive of systemic risk, concentration of insurance exposures, policy terms, reinsurance coverage, and claims handling practices. this includes credit risk that arises when an external party fails to meet a contractual obligation such as reinsurance for ceded claims.
insurance risk exposures include our operating results and financial conditions, claims frequency and severity, catastrophes and severe weather, and mortality and morbidity risk.
insurance risk exposures are measured and monitored with different approaches including:
•   stochastic methods: measures and monitors risks such as natural catastrophes and severe weather. we develop probabilistic estimates of risk based on our exposures, historical observed volatility and/or industry-recognized models in the case of catastrophe risk.
•   scenario analysis: measures and monitors risks and estimated losses due to catastrophe scenarios and stress scenario events for mortality/morbidity exposures.
financial risk management addresses the risk of insufficient cash flows to meet corporate or policyholder needs, risk of inadequate aggregate capital or capital within any subsidiary, inability to access capital markets or risk associated with a business counterparty default.
financial risk exposures include capital resources and liquidity sources and uses.
we actively manage our capital and liquidity levels in light of changing market, economic, and business conditions. our capital position, capital generation capacity, and targeted risk profile provide strategic and financial flexibility.
we generally assess solvency on a statutory accounting basis, but also consider gaap volatility. current enterprise economic capital, which exceeds targeted levels, is based on a combination of statutory surplus and invested assets at the parent holding company level which were $18.63 billion and $1.95 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2017.
investment risk management addresses financial loss due to changes in the valuations of assets held in the allstate investment portfolio. such losses may be caused by macro developments, such as rising interest rates, widening credit spreads, and falling equity prices, or could be specific to individual investments in the portfolio. these losses can encompass both daily market volatility and permanent impairments of capital due to credit defaults and equity write-downs.
investment risk exposures include interest rate risk, credit spread risk, equity price risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk.
investment risk exposures are measured and monitored in a number of ways including:
•   sensitivity analysis: measures the impact from a unit change in a market risk input.
•   stochastic and probabilistic estimation of potential losses: combines portfolio risk exposures with historical or recent market volatilities and correlations to assess the potential span of future investment results.
•   stress testing: measures material adverse outcomes such as shock scenarios applied to credit, public and private equity markets.
operational risk management addresses loss as a result of the failure of people, processes, systems and culture. operational risk exposures include human resources, privacy, regulatory compliance, ethics, system availability, cybersecurity, data quality, disaster recovery and business continuity.
operational risk is managed at the enterprise and business unit levels, with business units identifying, measuring, monitoring, managing, and reporting these and other operational risks at a more detailed level.
strategic risk management addresses loss associated with inadequate or flawed business planning or strategy setting, including product mix, mergers or acquisitions and market positioning, and unexpected changes within the market or regulatory environment in which allstate operates. this includes reputational risk, which is the potential for negative publicity regarding a company's conduct or business practices to adversely impact its profitability, operations, consumer base, or require costly litigation and other defensive measures.
we manage strategic risk through the allstate board and senior management strategy reviews that include a risk and return assessment of our strategic plans, s&rc governance, and ongoing monitoring of our strategic actions and the external competitive environment. using the errm framework, allstate designs strategies that seek to optimize risk-adjusted returns on economic capital for risk types including interest rate risk, credit risk to equity investments with idiosyncratic return potential, auto profitability, and growing property exposure.
108  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates, presented in the order they appear in the consolidated statements of financial position, include those used in determining:
•   impairment of fixed income and equity securities
•   deferred policy acquisition costs amortization
•   reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation in making these determinations, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our businesses and operations. it is reasonably likely that changes in these estimates could occur from period to period and result in a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
a brief summary of each of these critical accounting estimates follows. for a more detailed discussion of the effect of these estimates on our consolidated financial statements, and the judgments and assumptions related to these estimates, see the referenced sections of this document. for a more detailed summary of our significant accounting policies, see the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
fair value of financial assets  fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. we are responsible for the determination of fair value of financial assets and the supporting assumptions and methodologies. we use independent third-party valuation service providers, broker quotes and internal pricing methods to determine fair values. we obtain or calculate only one single quote or price for each financial instrument.
valuation service providers typically obtain data about market transactions and other key valuation model inputs from multiple sources and, through the use of proprietary models, produce valuation information in the form of a single fair value for individual fixed income and other securities for which a fair value has been requested under the terms of our agreements. the inputs used by the valuation service providers include, but are not limited to, market prices from recently completed transactions and transactions of comparable securities, interest rate yield curves, credit spreads, liquidity spreads, currency rates, and other information, as applicable. credit and liquidity spreads are typically implied from completed transactions and transactions of comparable securities. valuation service providers also use proprietary discounted cash flow models that are widely accepted in the financial services industry and similar to those used by other market participants to value the same financial instruments. the valuation models take into account, among other things, market observable information as of the measurement date, as described above, as well as the specific attributes of the security being valued including its term, interest rate, credit rating, industry sector, and where applicable, collateral quality and other issue or issuer specific information. executing valuation models effectively requires seasoned professional judgment and experience. for certain equity securities, valuation service providers provide market quotations for completed transactions on the measurement date. in cases where market transactions or other market observable data is limited, the extent to which judgment is applied varies inversely with the availability of market observable information.
for certain of our financial assets measured at fair value, where our valuation service providers cannot provide fair value determinations, we obtain a single non-binding price quote from a broker familiar with the security who, similar to our valuation service providers, may consider transactions or activity in similar securities among other information. the brokers providing price quotes are generally from the brokerage divisions of leading financial institutions with market making, underwriting and distribution expertise regarding the security subject to valuation.
the fair value of certain financial assets, including privately placed corporate fixed income securities and free-standing derivatives, for which our valuation service providers or brokers do not provide fair value determinations, is developed using valuation methods and models widely accepted in the financial services industry. our internal pricing methods are primarily based on models using discounted cash flow methodologies that develop a single best estimate of fair value. our models generally incorporate inputs that we believe are representative of inputs other market participants would use to determine fair value of the same instruments, including yield curves, quoted market prices of comparable securities or instruments, published credit spreads, and other applicable market data as well as instrument-specific characteristics that include, but are not limited to, coupon rates, expected cash flows, sector of the issuer, and call provisions. because judgment is required in developing the fair values of these financial assets, they may differ from the amount actually received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. moreover, the use of different valuation assumptions may have a material effect on the financial assets' fair values.
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates significant management judgment does not affect the periodic determination of fair value. the determination of fair value using discounted cash flow models involves management judgment when significant model inputs are not based on or corroborated by market observable data. however, where market observable data is available, it takes precedence, and as a result, no range of reasonably likely inputs exists from which the basis of a sensitivity analysis could be constructed.
we gain assurance that our financial assets are appropriately valued through the execution of various processes and controls designed to ensure the overall reasonableness and consistent application of valuation methodologies, including inputs and assumptions, and compliance with accounting standards. for fair values received from third parties or internally estimated, our processes and controls are designed to ensure that the valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistently applied, the inputs and assumptions are reasonable and consistent with the objective of determining fair value, and the fair values are accurately recorded. for example, on a continuing basis, we assess the reasonableness of individual fair values that have stale security prices or that exceed certain thresholds as compared to previous fair values received from valuation service providers or brokers or derived from internal models. we perform procedures to understand and assess the methodologies, processes and controls of valuation service providers. in addition, we may validate the reasonableness of fair values by comparing information obtained from valuation service providers or brokers to other third party valuation sources for selected securities. we perform ongoing price validation procedures such as back-testing of actual sales, which corroborate the various inputs used in internal models to market observable data. when fair value determinations are expected to be more variable, we validate them through reviews by members of management who have relevant expertise and who are independent of those charged with executing investment transactions.
we also perform an analysis to determine whether there has been a significant decrease in the volume and level of activity for the asset when compared to normal market activity, and if so, whether transactions may not be orderly. among the indicators we consider in determining whether a significant decrease in the volume and level of market activity for a specific asset has occurred include the level of new issuances in the primary market, trading volume in the secondary market, level of credit spreads over historical levels, bid-ask spread, and price consensuses among market participants and sources. if evidence indicates that prices are based on transactions that are not orderly, we place little, if any, weight on the transaction price and will estimate fair value using an internal model. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not adjust fair values provided by our valuation service providers or brokers or substitute them with an internal model for such securities.
fixed income, equity securities and short-term investments by source of fair value determination december 31, 2017
for additional detail on fair value measurements, see note 6 of the consolidated financial statements.
impairment of fixed income and equity securities for investments classified as available for sale, the difference between fair value and amortized cost for fixed income securities and cost for equity securities, net of certain other items and deferred income taxes (as disclosed in note 5), is reported as a component of aoci on the consolidated statements of financial position and is not reflected in the operating results of any period until reclassified to net income upon the consummation of a transaction with an unrelated third party or when a write-down is recorded due to an other-than-temporary decline in fair value. we have a comprehensive portfolio monitoring process to identify and evaluate each fixed income and equity security whose carrying value may be other-than-temporarily impaired.
for each fixed income security in an unrealized loss position, we assess whether management with the appropriate authority has made the decision to sell or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis for reasons such as liquidity, contractual or regulatory purposes. if a security meets either of these criteria, the security's decline in fair value is considered other than temporary and is recorded in earnings.
if we have not made the decision to sell the fixed income security and it is not more likely than not we will be required to sell the fixed income security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we evaluate whether we expect to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. we use our best estimate of future cash flows expected to be collected from the fixed income security, discounted at the security's original or current effective rate, as appropriate, to calculate a recovery value and determine whether a credit loss exists. the determination of cash flow estimates is inherently subjective and methodologies may vary depending on facts and circumstances specific to the security. all reasonably available information relevant to the collectability of the security, including past events,
110  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k current conditions, and reasonable and supportable assumptions and forecasts, is considered when developing the estimate of cash flows expected to be collected. that information generally includes, but is not limited to, the remaining payment terms of the security, prepayment speeds, foreign exchange rates, the financial condition and future earnings potential of the issue or issuer, expected defaults, expected recoveries, the value of underlying collateral, vintage, geographic concentration, available reserves or escrows, current subordination levels, third party guarantees and other credit enhancements. other information, such as industry analyst reports and forecasts, sector credit ratings, financial condition of the bond insurer for insured fixed income securities, and other market data relevant to the realizability of contractual cash flows, may also be considered. the estimated fair value of collateral will be used to estimate recovery value if we determine that the security is dependent on the liquidation of collateral for ultimate settlement. if the estimated recovery value is less than the amortized cost of the security, a credit loss exists and an other-than-temporary impairment for the difference between the estimated recovery value and amortized cost is recorded in earnings. the portion of the unrealized loss related to factors other than credit remains classified in aoci. if we determine that the fixed income security does not have sufficient cash flow or other information to estimate a recovery value for the security, we may conclude that the entire decline in fair value is deemed to be credit related and the loss is recorded in earnings.
there are a number of assumptions and estimates inherent in evaluating impairments of equity securities and determining if they are other than temporary, including: 1) our ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for an anticipated recovery in value; 2) the financial condition, near-term and long-term prospects of the issue or issuer, including relevant industry specific market conditions and trends, geographic location and implications of rating agency actions and offering prices; 3) the specific reasons that a security is in an unrealized loss position, including overall market conditions which could affect liquidity; and 4) the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost.
once assumptions and estimates are made, any number of changes in facts and circumstances could cause us to subsequently determine that a fixed income or equity security is other-than-temporarily impaired, including: 1) general economic conditions that are worse than previously forecast or that have a greater adverse effect on a particular issuer or industry sector than originally estimated; 2) changes in the facts and circumstances related to a particular issue or issuer's ability to meet all of its contractual obligations; and 3) changes in facts and circumstances that result in management's decision to sell or result in our assessment that it is more likely than not we will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis of a fixed income security or causes a change in our ability or intent to hold an equity security until it recovers in value. changes in assumptions, facts and circumstances could result in additional charges to earnings in future periods to the extent that losses are realized. the charge to earnings, while potentially significant to net income, would not have a significant effect on shareholders' equity, since our securities are designated as available for sale and carried at fair value and as a result, any related unrealized loss, net of deferred income taxes and related dac, deferred sales inducement costs and reserves for life-contingent contract benefits, would already be reflected as a component of aoci in shareholders' equity.
the determination of the amount of other-than-temporary impairment is an inherently subjective process based on periodic evaluations of the factors described above. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. we update our evaluations regularly and reflect changes in other-than-temporary impairments in our results of operations as such evaluations are revised. the use of different methodologies and assumptions in the determination of the amount of other-than-temporary impairments may have a material effect on the amounts recognized and presented within the consolidated financial statements.
for additional detail on investment impairments, see note 5 of the consolidated financial statements.
deferred policy acquisition costs amortization  we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring insurance policies and investment contracts. in accordance with gaap, costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance policies and investment contracts are deferred and recorded as an asset on the consolidated statements of financial position.
dac related to traditional life and voluntary accident and health insurance is amortized over the premium paying period of the related policies in proportion to the estimated revenues on such business. significant assumptions relating to estimated premiums, investment returns, as well as mortality, persistency and expenses to administer the business are established at the time the policy is issued and are generally not revised during the life of the policy. the assumptions for determining the timing and amount of dac amortization are consistent with the assumptions used to calculate the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits. any deviations from projected business in force resulting from actual policy terminations differing from expected levels and any estimated premium deficiencies may result in a change to the rate of amortization in the period such events occur. generally, the amortization periods for these policies approximate the estimated lives of the policies. the recovery of dac is dependent upon the future profitability of the business. we periodically review the adequacy of reserves and recoverability of the allstate corporation  111
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates dac for these policies using actual experience and current assumptions. prior to fourth quarter 2017, we evaluated our traditional life insurance products and immediate annuities with life contingencies on an aggregate basis. in conjunction with the segment changes in fourth quarter 2017, traditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance products are reviewed individually. in the event actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized dac balance must be expensed to the extent not recoverable and a premium deficiency reserve may be required if the remaining dac balance is insufficient to absorb the deficiency. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, our reviews concluded that no premium deficiency adjustments were necessary. for additional detail on reserve adequacy, see the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation section.
dac related to interest-sensitive life insurance and fixed annuities is amortized in proportion to the incidence of the total present value of gross profits, which includes both actual historical gross profits ("agp") and estimated future gross profits ("egp") expected to be earned over the estimated lives of the contracts. the amortization is net of interest on the prior period dac balance using rates established at the inception of the contracts. actual amortization periods generally range from 15-30 years; however, incorporating estimates of the rate of customer surrenders, partial withdrawals and deaths generally results in the majority of the dac being amortized during the surrender charge period, which is typically 10-20 years for interest-sensitive life and 5-10 years for fixed annuities. the rate of dac amortization is reestimated and adjusted by a cumulative charge or credit to income when there is a difference between the incidence of actual versus expected gross profits in a reporting period or when there is a change in total egp.
agp and egp primarily consist of the following components: contract charges for the cost of insurance less mortality costs and other benefits (benefit margin); investment income and realized capital gains and losses less interest credited (investment margin); and surrender and other contract charges less maintenance expenses (expense margin). the principal assumptions for determining the amount of egp are mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, including capital gains and losses on assets supporting contract liabilities, interest crediting rates to contractholders, and the effects of any hedges, and these assumptions are reasonably likely to have the greatest impact on the amount of dac amortization. changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to reasonably predict their future movements or offsetting impacts over time.
each reporting period, dac amortization is recognized in proportion to agp for that period adjusted for interest on the prior period dac balance. this amortization process includes an assessment of agp compared to egp, the actual amount of business remaining in force and realized capital gains and losses on investments supporting the product liability. the impact of realized capital gains and losses on amortization of dac depends upon which product liability is supported by the assets that give rise to the gain or loss. if the agp is greater than egp in the period, but the total egp is unchanged, the amount of dac amortization will generally increase, resulting in a current period decrease to earnings. the opposite result generally occurs when the agp is less than the egp in the period, but the total egp is unchanged. however, when dac amortization or a component of gross profits for a quarterly period is potentially negative (which would result in an increase of the dac balance) as a result of negative agp, the specific facts and circumstances surrounding the potential negative amortization are considered to determine whether it is appropriate for recognition in the consolidated financial statements. negative amortization is only recorded when the increased dac balance is determined to be recoverable based on facts and circumstances. for products whose supporting investments are exposed to capital losses in excess of our expectations which may cause periodic agp to become temporarily negative, egp and agp utilized in dac amortization may be modified to exclude the excess capital losses.
annually, we review and update the assumptions underlying the projections of egp, including mortality, persistency, expenses, investment returns, comprising investment income and realized capital gains and losses, interest crediting rates and the effect of any hedges, using our experience and industry experience. at each reporting period, we assess whether any revisions to assumptions used to determine dac amortization are required. these reviews and updates may result in amortization acceleration or deceleration, which are referred to as "dac unlocking". if the update of assumptions causes total egp to increase, the rate of dac amortization will generally decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. a decrease to earnings generally occurs when the assumption update causes the total egp to decrease.
effect on dac amortization of changes in assumptions relating to gross profit components for the years ended december 31,
benefit margin                                         (23        )   1                                   1
112  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k in 2017, dac amortization acceleration for changes in the investment margin component of egp related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to continued low interest rates and lower projected investment returns. the deceleration related to benefit margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to a decrease in projected mortality.
in 2016, dac amortization deceleration for changes in the investment margin component of egp related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to increased projected investment margins from a favorable asset portfolio mix. the acceleration related to benefit margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to lower than expected persistency on non-guaranteed products. the expense margin deceleration related primarily to variable life insurance and was due to a decrease in projected expenses.
in 2015, dac amortization acceleration for changes in the investment margin component of egp related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to lower projected investment returns. the acceleration related to benefit margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to a true up of actual inforce data. the deceleration related to expense margin primarily related to interest-sensitive life insurance and was due to a decrease in projected expenses.
the following table displays the sensitivity of reasonably likely changes in assumptions included in the gross profit components of investment margin or benefit margin to amortization of the dac balance as of december 31, 2017.
decrease in future life mortality by 1%                    $15
increase in future life mortality by 1%                    $(15)
any potential changes in assumptions discussed above are measured without consideration of correlation among assumptions. therefore, it would be inappropriate to add them together in an attempt to estimate overall variability in amortization.
for additional detail related to dac, see the allstate life segment section of the md&a.
evaluation of goodwill for impairment  goodwill represents the excess of amounts paid for acquiring businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired, less any impairment of goodwill recognized. our goodwill reporting units are equivalent to our reportable segments: allstate protection, service businesses, allstate life and allstate benefits to which goodwill has been assigned.
goodwill by reporting unit
allstate benefits                        96
goodwill is recognized when acquired and allocated to reporting units based on which unit is expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at least annually. we perform our annual goodwill impairment testing during the fourth quarter of each year based upon data as of the close of the third quarter. we also review goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as deteriorating or adverse market conditions, indicate that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of goodwill may exceed its implied fair value. the goodwill impairment analysis is performed at the reporting unit level which is equal to our reportable segments.
in fourth quarter 2017, we adopted new reportable segments, which required us to evaluate goodwill, including the allocation of goodwill to any new reporting units on a relative fair value basis. the reallocation was computed using fair values for the goodwill reporting units determined using discounted cash flow ("dcf") calculations and market to book multiples derived from a peer company analysis as described below. in conjunction with the reallocation of goodwill, we recognized $125 million of goodwill impairment related to the goodwill allocated to the allstate annuities reporting unit reflecting a market-based valuation. the fair value of our remaining goodwill reporting units exceeded their carrying values. to periodically estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units, we may utilize a combination of widely accepted valuation techniques including a stock price and market capitalization analysis, dcf calculations and market to book multiples derived from a peer company analysis. the stock price and market capitalization analysis takes into consideration the quoted market price of our outstanding common stock and includes a control premium, derived from relevant historical acquisition activity, in determining the estimated fair value of the consolidated entity before allocating that fair value to individual reporting units. the dcf analysis utilizes long term assumptions for revenues, investment income, benefits, claims, other operating expenses and income taxes to produce projections of both income and cash flows available for dividends that are present valued using weighted average cost of capital. market to book multiples represent the mean market to book multiple for selected peer companies with operations similar to our goodwill reporting units to which the multiple is applied. the outputs from these methods are weighted based on the nature of the business and the the allstate corporation  113
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates relative amount of market observable assumptions supporting the estimates. the computed values are then weighted to reflect the fair value estimate based on the specific attributes of each goodwill reporting unit.
estimating the fair value of reporting units is a subjective process that involves the use of significant estimates by management. regarding all reporting units tested, market declines or other events impacting the fair value of these businesses, including discount rates, operating results, investment returns and strategies and growth rate assumptions or increases in the level of equity required to support these businesses, could result in goodwill impairments, resulting in a charge to income.
reserve for property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense estimation reserves are established to provide for the estimated costs of paying claims and claims expenses under insurance policies we have issued. underwriting results are significantly influenced by estimates of property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense reserves. these reserves are an estimate of amounts necessary to settle all outstanding claims, including ibnr, as of the financial statement date.
characteristics of reserves reserves are established independently of business segment management for each business segment and line of business based on estimates of the ultimate cost to settle claims, less losses that have been paid. the significant lines of business are auto, homeowners, and other personal lines for allstate protection, and asbestos, environmental, and other discontinued lines for discontinued lines and coverages. allstate protection's claims are typically reported promptly with relatively little reporting lag between the date of occurrence and the date the loss is reported. auto and homeowners liability losses generally take an average of about two years to settle, while auto physical damage, homeowners property and other personal lines have an average settlement time of less than one year. discontinued lines and coverages involve long-tail losses, such as those related to asbestos and environmental claims, which often involve substantial reporting lags and extended times to settle.
reserves are the difference between the estimated ultimate cost of losses incurred and the amount of paid losses as of the reporting date. reserves are estimated for both reported and unreported claims, and include estimates of all expenses associated with processing and settling all incurred claims. we update most of our reserve estimates quarterly and as new information becomes available or as events emerge that may affect the resolution of unsettled claims. changes in prior reserve estimates (reserve reestimates), which may be material, are determined by comparing updated estimates of ultimate losses to prior estimates, with the differences recorded as property and casualty insurance claims and claims expense in the consolidated statements of operations in the period such changes are determined. estimating the ultimate cost of claims and claims expenses is an inherently uncertain and complex process involving a high degree of judgment and is subject to the evaluation of numerous variables.
the actuarial methods used to develop reserve estimates reserve estimates are derived by using several different actuarial estimation methods that are variations on one primary actuarial technique. the actuarial technique is known as a "chain ladder" estimation process in which historical loss patterns are applied to actual paid losses and reported losses (paid losses plus individual case reserves established by claim adjusters) for an accident year or a report year to create an estimate of how losses are likely to develop over time. an accident year refers to classifying claims based on the year in which the claims occurred. a report year refers to classifying claims based on the year in which the claims are reported. both classifications are used to prepare estimates of required reserves for payments to be made in the future. the key assumptions affecting our reserve estimates comprise data elements including claim counts, paid losses, case reserves, and development factors calculated with this data.
in the chain ladder estimation technique, a ratio (development factor) is calculated which compares current period results to results in the prior period for each accident year. a three-year or two-year average development factor, based on historical results, is usually multiplied by the current period experience to estimate the development of losses of each accident year into the next time period. the development factors for the future time periods for each accident year are compounded over the remaining future periods to calculate an estimate of ultimate losses for each accident year. the implicit assumption of this technique is that an average of historical development factors is predictive of future loss development, as the significant size of our experience database achieves a high degree of statistical credibility in actuarial projections of this type. the effects of inflation are implicitly considered in the reserving process, the implicit assumption being that a multi-year average development factor includes an adequate provision. this assumption may require modification when data changes due to changing claim reporting practices, changing claim settlement patterns, external regulatory or financial influences, or contractual coverage changes. in these situations, actuarial estimation techniques are applied to appropriately modify the "chain ladder" assumptions.  these actuarial techniques are necessary to analyze the effects of changing loss data to develop modified development factor selections. the actuarial estimation techniques include exclusion of unusual losses or aberrations and adjustment of historical data to present conditions.  actuarially modified patterns of development are calculated with the adjusted historical data.  actuarial judgment is then applied to make appropriate development factor assumptions needed to develop a best estimate of gross ultimate losses. these developments are discussed further in the allstate brand loss ratio disclosures in the allstate protection segment section of the md&a.
114  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k how reserve estimates are established and updated reserve estimates are developed at a very detailed level, and the results of these numerous micro-level best estimates are aggregated to form a consolidated reserve estimate. for example, over one thousand actuarial estimates of the types described above are prepared each quarter to estimate losses for each line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), major states or groups of states and for reported losses and ibnr. the actuarial methods described above are used to analyze the settlement patterns of claims by determining the development factors for specific data elements that are necessary components of a reserve estimation process. development factors are calculated quarterly and periodically throughout the year for data elements such as claim counts reported and settled, paid losses, and paid losses combined with case reserves. the calculation of development factors from changes in these data elements also impacts claim severity trends, which is a common industry reference used to explain changes in reserve estimates. the historical development patterns for these data elements are used as the assumptions to calculate reserve estimates.
often, several different estimates are prepared for each detailed component, incorporating alternative analyses of changing claim settlement patterns and other influences on losses, from which we select our best estimate for each component, occasionally incorporating additional analyses and actuarial judgment, as described above. these micro-level estimates are not based on a single set of assumptions. actuarial judgments that may be applied to these components of certain micro-level estimates generally do not have a material impact on the consolidated level of reserves. moreover, this detailed micro-level process does not permit or result in a compilation of a company-wide roll up to generate a range of needed loss reserves that would be meaningful. based on our review of these estimates, our best estimate of required reserves for each state/
line/coverage component is recorded for each accident year, and the required reserves for each component are summed to create the reserve balance carried on our consolidated statements of financial position.
reserves are reestimated quarterly and periodically throughout the year, by combining historical results with current actual results to calculate new development factors. this process incorporates the historic and latest actual trends, and other underlying changes in the data elements used to calculate reserve estimates. new development factors are likely to differ from previous development factors used in prior reserve estimates because actual results (claims reported or settled, losses paid, or changes to case reserves) occur differently than the implied assumptions contained in the previous development factor calculations. if claims reported, paid losses, or case reserve changes are greater or less than the levels estimated by previous development factors, reserve reestimates increase or decrease. when actual development of these data elements is different than the historical development pattern used in a prior period reserve estimate, a new reserve is determined. the difference between indicated reserves based on new reserve estimates and recorded reserves (the previous estimate) is the amount of reserve reestimate and is recognized as an increase or decrease in claims and claims expense in the consolidated statements of operations. total net reserve reestimates, after-tax, impact on net income applicable to common shareholders were 10.6% favorable in 2017, 0.6% favorable in 2016 and 2.6% unfavorable in 2015. the 3-year average of net reserve reestimates as a percentage of total reserves was a favorable 1.3% for allstate protection, an unfavorable 5.8% for discontinued lines and coverages and an unfavorable 6.1% for service businesses, each of these results being consistent within a reasonable actuarial tolerance for our respective businesses. a more detailed discussion of reserve reestimates is presented in the claims and claims expense reserves section of the md&a.
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates allstate protection reserve estimate factors affecting reserve estimates reserve estimates are developed based on the processes and historical development trends described above. these estimates are considered in conjunction with known facts and interpretations of circumstances and factors including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns and pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms, changes in law and regulation, judicial decisions, and economic conditions. when we experience changes of the type previously mentioned, we may need to apply actuarial judgment in the determination and selection of development factors considered more reflective of the new trends, such as combining shorter or longer periods of historical results with current actual results to produce development factors based on two-year, three-year, or longer development periods to reestimate our reserves. for example, if a legal change is expected to have a significant impact on the development of claim severity for a coverage which is part of a particular line of insurance in a specific state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors that will most accurately reflect the expected impact on that specific estimate. another example would be when a change in economic conditions is expected to affect the cost of repairs to damaged autos or property for a particular line, coverage, or state, actuarial judgment is applied to determine appropriate development factors to use in the reserve estimate that will most accurately reflect the expected impacts on severity development.
as claims are reported, for certain liability claims of sufficient size and complexity, the field adjusting staff establishes case reserve estimates of ultimate cost, based on their assessment of facts and circumstances related to each individual claim. for other claims which occur in large volumes and settle in a relatively short time frame, it is not practical or efficient to set case reserves for each claim, and a statistical case reserve is set for these claims based on estimation techniques described above. in the normal course of business, we may also supplement our claims processes by utilizing third party adjusters, appraisers, engineers, inspectors, and other professionals and information sources to assess and settle catastrophe and non-catastrophe related claims.
another major component of reserves is ibnr, which comprises about 10% of total reserves. ibnr can be a small percentage of reserves for relatively short-term claims, such as auto physical damage claims, or a large percentage of reserves for claims that have uncertain payout requirements over a long period of time, such as auto injury and mcca claims. all major components of reserves are affected by changes in claim frequency as well as claim severity.
generally, the initial reserves for a new accident year are established based on actual claim frequency and severity assumptions for different business segments, lines and coverages based on historical relationships to relevant inflation indicators. reserves for prior accident years are statistically determined using processes described above. changes in auto claim frequency may result from changes in mix of business, the rate of distracted driving, miles driven or other macroeconomic factors. changes in auto current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the medical and auto repair sectors of the economy and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. we mitigate these effects through various loss management programs. injury claims are affected largely by medical cost inflation while physical damage claims are affected largely by auto repair cost inflation and used car prices. for auto physical damage coverages, we monitor our rate of increase in average cost per claim against the maintenance and repair price index and the parts and equipment price index and other external indices. we believe our claim settlement initiatives, such as improvements to the claim review and settlement process, the use of special investigative units to detect fraud and handle suspect claims, litigation management and defense strategies, as well as various other loss management initiatives underway, contribute to the mitigation of injury and physical damage severity trends.
changes in homeowners current year claim severity are generally influenced by inflation in the cost of building materials, the cost of construction and property repair services, the cost of replacing home furnishings and other contents, the types of claims that qualify for coverage, deductibles, other economic and environmental factors and the effectiveness and efficiency of our claim practices. we employ various loss management programs to mitigate the effect of these factors.
as loss experience for the current year develops for each type of loss, it is monitored relative to initial assumptions until it is judged to have sufficient statistical credibility. from that point in time and forward, reserves are reestimated using statistical actuarial processes to reflect the impact actual loss trends have on development factors incorporated into the actuarial estimation processes. statistical credibility is usually achieved by the end of the first calendar year; however, when trends for the current accident year exceed initial assumptions sooner, they are usually determined to be credible, and reserves are increased accordingly.
the very detailed processes for developing reserve estimates, and the lack of a need and existence of a common set of assumptions or development factors, limits aggregate reserve level testing for variability of data elements. however, by applying standard actuarial methods to consolidated historic accident year loss data for major loss types, comprising auto injury losses, auto physical damage losses and
116  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k homeowner losses, we develop variability analyses consistent with the way we develop reserves by measuring the potential variability of development factors, as described in the section titled "potential reserve estimate variability" below.
at each reporting date, the highest degree of uncertainty in estimates for most of our losses arise from claims remaining to be settled for the current accident year and the most recent preceding accident year. the greatest degree of uncertainty exists in the current accident year because the current accident year contains the greatest proportion of losses that have not been reported or settled but must be estimated as of the current reporting date. most of these losses relate to damaged property such as automobiles and homes, and medical care for injuries from accidents. during the first year after the end of an accident year, a large portion of the total losses for that accident year are settled. when accident year losses paid through the end of the first year following the initial accident year are incorporated into updated actuarial estimates, the trends inherent in the settlement of claims emerge more clearly. consequently, this is the point in time at which we tend to make our largest reestimates of losses for an accident year. after the second year, the losses that we pay for an accident year typically relate to claims that are more difficult to settle, such as those involving serious injuries or litigation. private passenger auto insurance provides a good illustration of the uncertainty of future loss estimates: our typical annual percentage payout of reserves remaining at december 31 for an accident year is approximately 45% in the first year after the end of the accident year, 20% in the second year, 15% in the third year, 10% in the fourth year, and the remaining 10% thereafter.
reserves for catastrophe losses catastrophe losses are an inherent risk of the property and casualty insurance industry that have contributed, and will continue to contribute, to potentially material year-to-year fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position. we define a "catastrophe" as an event that produces pre-tax losses before reinsurance in excess of $1 million and involves multiple first party policyholders, or a winter weather event that produces a number of claims in excess of a preset, per-event threshold of average claims in a specific area, occurring within a certain amount of time following the event. catastrophes are caused by various natural events including high winds, winter storms and freezes, tornadoes, hailstorms, wildfires, tropical storms, hurricanes, earthquakes and volcanoes. we are also exposed to man-made catastrophic events, such as certain types of terrorism or industrial accidents. the nature and level of catastrophes in any period cannot be reliably predicted.
the estimation of claims and claims expense reserves for catastrophe losses also comprises estimates of losses from reported claims and ibnr, primarily for damage to property. in general, our estimates for catastrophe reserves are based on claim adjuster inspections and the application of historical loss development factors as described above. however, depending on the nature of the catastrophe, the estimation process can be further complicated. for example, for hurricanes, complications could include the inability of insureds to promptly report losses, limitations placed on claims adjusting staff affecting their ability to inspect losses, determining whether losses are covered by our homeowners policy (generally for damage caused by wind or wind driven rain) or specifically excluded coverage caused by flood, estimating additional living expenses, and assessing the impact of demand surge, exposure to mold damage, and the effects of numerous other considerations, including the timing of a catastrophe in relation to other events, such as at or near the end of a financial reporting period, which can affect the availability of information needed to estimate reserves for that reporting period. in these situations, we may need to adapt our practices to accommodate these circumstances in order to determine a best estimate of our losses from a catastrophe. for example, to complete estimates for certain areas affected by catastrophes not yet inspected by our claims adjusting staff, or where we believed our historical loss development factors were not predictive, we rely on analysis of actual claim notices received compared to total pif, as well as visual, governmental and third party information, including aerial photos using drones and satellites, area observations, and data on wind speed and flood depth to the extent available.
potential reserve estimate variability the aggregation of numerous micro-level estimates for each business segment, line of insurance, major components of losses (such as coverages and perils), and major states or groups of states for reported losses and ibnr forms the reserve liability recorded in the consolidated statements of financial position. because of this detailed approach to developing our reserve estimates, there is not a single set of assumptions that determines our reserve estimates at the consolidated level. given the numerous micro-level estimates for reported losses and ibnr, management does not believe the processes that we follow will produce a statistically credible or reliable actuarial reserve range that would be meaningful. reserve estimates, by their very nature, are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgment, and do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. accordingly, as actual claims, paid losses, and/or case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle will be different than previously estimated.
to develop a statistical indication of potential reserve variability within reasonably likely possible outcomes, an actuarial technique (stochastic modeling) is applied to the countrywide consolidated data elements for paid losses and paid losses combined with case reserves separately for injury losses, auto the allstate corporation  117
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates physical damage losses, and homeowners losses excluding catastrophe losses. based on the combined historical variability of the development factors calculated for these data elements, an estimate of the standard error or standard deviation around these reserve estimates is calculated within each accident year for the last twelve years for each type of loss. the variability of these reserve estimates within one standard deviation of the mean (a measure of frequency of dispersion often viewed to be an acceptable level of accuracy) is believed by management to represent a reasonable and statistically probable measure of potential variability. based on our products and coverages, historical experience, the statistical credibility of our extensive data and stochastic modeling of actuarial chain ladder methodologies used to develop reserve estimates, we estimate that the potential variability of our allstate protection reserves, excluding reserves for catastrophe losses, within a reasonable probability of other possible outcomes, may be approximately plus or minus 4%, or plus or minus $750 million in net income applicable to common shareholders at the newly enacted 21% u.s. corporate tax rate. a lower level of variability exists for auto injury losses, which comprise approximately 80% of reserves, due to their relatively stable development patterns over a longer duration of time required to settle claims. other types of losses, such as auto physical damage, homeowners losses and other personal lines losses, which comprise about 20% of reserves, tend to have greater variability but are settled in a much shorter period of time. although this evaluation reflects most reasonably likely outcomes, it is possible the final outcome may fall below or above these amounts. historical variability of reserve estimates is reported in the claims and claims expense reserves section of the md&a.
reserves for michigan and new jersey unlimited personal injury protection claims and claims expense reserves include reserves for michigan mandatory unlimited personal injury protection coverage to insureds involved in qualifying motor vehicle accidents. the administration of this program is through the mcca, a state-mandated, non-profit association of which all insurers actively writing automobile coverage in michigan are members.
the comprehensive process employed to estimate mcca covered losses involves a number of activities including the comprehensive review and interpretation of mcca actuarial reports, other mcca members' reports and our personal injury protection loss trends which have increased in severity over time. a significant portion of incurred claim reserves can be attributed to a small number of catastrophic claims and thus a large portion of the recoverable is similarly concentrated. we conduct comprehensive claim file reviews to develop case reserve type estimates of specific claims, which have increased our view of future claim development and longevity of claimants. each year, we update the actuarial estimate of our ultimate reserves and recoverables. we report our paid and unpaid claims based on mcca requirements and are considering the value of reporting our case reserves, which include our best estimate of the ultimate claim cost excluding ibnr, for the mcca to verify their reserves. the mcca does not provide member companies with its estimate of a company's claim costs. we continue to update each comprehensive claim file case reserve estimate when there is a significant change in the status of the claimant, or once every three years if there have been no significant changes.
we provide similar personal injury protection coverage in new jersey for auto policies issued or renewed in new jersey prior to 1991 that is administered by pliga. we use similar actuarial estimating techniques as for the mcca exposures to estimate loss reserves for unlimited personal injury protection coverage for policies covered by pliga. we continue to update our estimates for these claims as the status of claimants changes. however, unlimited coverage was no longer offered after 1991, therefore no new claimants are being added.
reserve estimates by their nature are very complex to determine and subject to significant judgments, and do not represent an exact determination for each outstanding claim. claims may be subject to litigation. as actual claims, paid losses and/or case reserve results emerge, our estimate of the ultimate cost to settle may be materially greater or less than previously estimated amounts.
adequacy of reserve estimates we believe our net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies, facts, technology, laws and regulations. we calculate and record a single best reserve estimate, in conformance with generally accepted actuarial standards, for each line of insurance, its components (coverages and perils) and state, for reported losses and for ibnr losses, and as a result we believe that no other estimate is better than our recorded amount. due to the uncertainties involved, the ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded amounts, which are based on our best estimates.
discontinued lines and coverages reserve estimates characteristics of discontinued lines exposure  our exposure to asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines claims arise principally from assumed reinsurance coverage written during the 1960s through the mid-1980s, including reinsurance on primary insurance written on large u.s. companies, and from direct excess commercial insurance written from 1972 through 1985, including substantial excess general liability coverages on large u.s. companies. additional exposure stems from direct primary commercial insurance written during the 1960 through the mid-1980s. asbestos claims relate primarily to bodily injuries asserted by people who were exposed to asbestos or products containing asbestos. environmental claims relate primarily to pollution and related clean-up costs. other discontinued lines exposures primarily relate to general liability and product liability mass tort claims, such as those for medical devices and other products, workers' compensation claims and claims for various other
118  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental.
in 1986, the general liability policy form used by us and others in the property and casualty industry was amended to introduce an "absolute pollution exclusion," which excluded coverage for environmental damage claims, and to add an asbestos exclusion. most general liability policies issued prior to 1987 contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage. general liability policies issued in 1987 and thereafter contain annual aggregate limits for product liability coverage and annual aggregate limits for all coverages. our experience to date is that these policy form changes have limited the extent of our exposure to environmental and asbestos claim risks.
our exposure to liability for asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines losses manifests differently depending on whether it arises from assumed reinsurance coverage, direct excess commercial insurance or direct primary commercial insurance. the direct insurance coverage we provided that covered asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines was substantially "excess" in nature.
direct excess commercial insurance and reinsurance involve coverage written by us for specific layers of protection above retentions and other insurance plans. the nature of excess coverage and reinsurance provided to other insurers limits our exposure to loss to specific layers of protection in excess of policyholder retention on primary insurance plans. our exposure is further limited by the significant reinsurance that we had purchased on our direct excess business.
our assumed reinsurance business involved writing generally small participations in other insurers' reinsurance programs. the reinsured losses in which we participate may be a proportion of all eligible losses or eligible losses in excess of defined retentions. the majority of our assumed reinsurance exposure, approximately 85%, is for excess of loss coverage, while the remaining 15% is for pro-rata coverage.
how reserve estimates are established and updated we conduct an annual review in the third quarter to evaluate and establish asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines reserves. changes to reserves are recorded in the reporting period in which they are determined. using established industry and actuarial best practices and assuming no change in the regulatory or economic environment, this detailed and comprehensive methodology determines asbestos reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, and determines environmental reserves based on assessments of the characteristics of exposure (i.e. environmental damages, respective shares of liability of potentially responsible parties, appropriateness and cost of remediation) to pollution and related clean-up costs. the number and cost of these claims is affected by intense advertising by trial lawyers seeking asbestos plaintiffs, and entities with asbestos exposure seeking bankruptcy protection as a result of asbestos liabilities, initially causing a delay in the reporting of claims, often followed by an acceleration and an increase in claims and claims expenses as settlements occur.
after evaluating our insureds' probable liabilities for asbestos and/or environmental claims, we evaluate our insureds' coverage programs for such claims. we consider our insureds' total available insurance coverage, including the coverage we issued. we also consider relevant judicial interpretations of policy language and applicable coverage defenses or determinations, if any.
evaluation of both the insureds' estimated liabilities and our exposure to the insureds depends heavily on an analysis of the relevant legal issues and litigation environment. this analysis is conducted by our specialized claims adjusting staff and legal counsel. based on these evaluations, case reserves are established by claims adjusting staff and actuarial analysis is employed to develop an ibnr reserve, which includes estimated potential reserve development and claims that have occurred but have not been reported. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, ibnr was 53% and 57% of combined net asbestos and environmental reserves.
for both asbestos and environmental reserves, we also evaluate our historical direct net loss and expense paid and incurred experience to assess any emerging trends, fluctuations or characteristics suggested by the aggregate paid and incurred activity.
other discontinued lines and coverages characteristics of other exposures other mass torts includes direct excess commercial and reinsurance general liability coverage provided for cumulative injury losses other than asbestos and environmental. workers' compensation and commercial and other include run-off from discontinued direct primary, direct excess commercial and reinsurance commercial insurance operations of various coverage exposures other than asbestos and environmental. reserves are based on considerations similar to those described above, as they relate to the characteristics of specific individual coverage exposures.
2017 form 10-k application of critical accounting estimates reserves for other discontinued lines as of december 31,
potential reserve estimate variability establishing discontinued lines and coverages net loss reserves for asbestos, environmental and other discontinued lines claims is subject to uncertainties that are much greater than those presented by other types of property and casualty claims. among the complications are lack of historical data, long reporting delays, uncertainty as to the number and identity of insureds with potential exposure and unresolved legal issues regarding policy coverage; unresolved legal issues regarding the determination, availability and timing of exhaustion of policy limits; plaintiffs' evolving and expanding theories of liability; availability and collectability of recoveries from reinsurance; retrospectively determined premiums and other contractual agreements; estimates of the extent and timing of any contractual liability; the impact of bankruptcy protection sought by various asbestos producers and other asbestos defendants; and other uncertainties. there are also complex legal issues concerning the interpretation of various insurance policy provisions and whether those losses are covered, or were ever intended to be covered, and could be recoverable through retrospectively determined premium, reinsurance or other contractual agreements. courts have reached different and sometimes inconsistent conclusions as to when losses are deemed to have occurred and which policies provide coverage; what types of losses are covered; whether there is an insurer obligation to defend; how policy limits are determined; how policy exclusions and conditions are applied and interpreted; and whether clean-up costs represent insured property damage. our reserves for asbestos and environmental exposures could be affected by tort reform, class action litigation, and other potential legislation and judicial decisions. environmental exposures could also be affected by a change in the existing federal superfund law and similar state statutes. there can be no assurance that any reform legislation will be enacted or that any such legislation will provide for a fair, effective and cost-efficient system for settlement of asbestos or environmental claims. we believe these issues are not likely to be resolved in the near future, and the ultimate costs may vary materially from the amounts currently recorded resulting in material changes in loss reserves. historical variability of reserve estimates is demonstrated in the claims and claims expense reserves section of the md&a.
adequacy of reserve estimates management believes its net loss reserves for environmental, asbestos and other discontinued lines exposures are appropriately established based on available facts, technology, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors and characteristics of exposure (i.e. claim activity, potential liability, jurisdiction, products versus non-products exposure) presented by individual policyholders, assuming no change in the legal, legislative or economic environment. due to the uncertainties and factors described above, management believes it is not practicable to develop a meaningful range for any such additional net loss reserves that may be required.
reserve for life-contingent contract benefits estimation due to the long term nature of traditional life insurance, life-contingent immediate annuities and voluntary accident and health insurance products, benefits are payable over many years; accordingly, the reserves are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected net premiums.  long-term actuarial assumptions of future investment yields, mortality, morbidity, policy terminations and expenses are used when establishing the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits payable under these insurance policies. these assumptions, which for traditional life insurance are applied using the net level premium method, include provisions for adverse deviation and generally vary by characteristics such as type of coverage, year of issue and policy duration. future investment yield assumptions are determined based upon prevailing investment yields as well as estimated reinvestment yields. mortality, morbidity and policy termination assumptions are based on our experience and industry experience. expense assumptions include the estimated effects of inflation and expenses to be incurred beyond the premium-paying period. these assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued, are consistent with assumptions for determining dac amortization for these policies, and are generally not changed during the policy coverage period. however, if actual experience emerges in a manner that is significantly adverse relative to the original assumptions, adjustments to dac or reserves may be required resulting in a charge to earnings which could have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we periodically review the adequacy of reserves and recoverability of dac for these policies using actual experience and current assumptions. in the event actual experience and current assumptions are adverse compared to the original assumptions and a premium deficiency is determined to exist, any remaining unamortized dac balance must be expensed to the extent not recoverable and the
120  www.allstate.com application of critical accounting estimates 2017 form 10-k establishment of a premium deficiency reserve may be required.
prior to fourth quarter 2017, we evaluated our traditional life insurance products and immediate annuities with life contingencies on an aggregate basis. in conjunction with the segment changes in fourth quarter 2017, traditional life insurance products, immediate annuities with life contingencies, and voluntary accident and health insurance are reviewed individually. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, our reviews concluded that no premium deficiency adjustments were necessary. as of december 31, 2017, traditional life insurance has a substantial sufficiency. as of december 31, 2017, there is marginal sufficiency in the evaluation of immediate annuities with life contingencies. sufficiency has been adversely impacted primarily due to sub-standard structured settlement mortality expectations. the sufficiency represents approximately 86% and 1% of applicable reserves as of december 31, 2017 for allstate life and allstate annuities, respectively. additional reserves may be required in future periods if the evaluation results in a premium deficiency.
in 2016, we completed a mortality study for our structured settlement annuities with life contingencies.
the study indicated that annuitants are living longer and receiving benefits for a longer period than originally estimated due to medical advances and access to medical care. the results of the study were included in the premium deficiency and profits followed by losses evaluations as of december 31, 2016, and no adjustments were recognized.
in 2016, there was a favorable change in the long-term investment yield assumptions due to investment strategy changes to increase performance-based investments and equity securities. the favorable impact of higher long-term investment yield assumptions more than offset the impact of unfavorable mortality assumptions. the investment strategy changes for immediate annuities are discussed further in the allstate annuities segment section of the md&a.
the following table displays the sensitivity of changes in the future investment yield assumption included in the annuity premium deficiency evaluation to the sufficiency balance as of december 31, 2017.
we also review these policies for circumstances where projected profits would be recognized in early years followed by projected losses in later years. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, our reviews concluded that there were no projected losses following projected profits in each long-term projection.
we will continue to monitor the experience of our traditional life insurance and immediate annuities. we anticipate that mortality, investment and reinvestment yields, and policy terminations are the factors that would be most likely to require premium deficiency adjustments to these reserves or related dac. mortality rates and investment and reinvestment yields are the factors that would be most likely to require a profits followed by losses liability accrual.
for further detail on the reserve for life-contingent contract benefits, see note 9 of the consolidated financial statements.
the effect of implementing certain accounting standards on our financial results and financial condition is often based in part on market conditions at the time of implementation of the standard and other factors we are unable to determine prior to implementation. for this reason, we are sometimes unable to estimate the effect of certain pending accounting standards until the relevant authoritative body finalizes these standards or until we implement them.