item  1a.    risk factors.
an investment in bd involves a variety of risks and uncertainties. the following describes some of the significant risks that could adversely affect bd's business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows.
risks relating to bd a downturn in global economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
deterioration in the global economic environment, particularly in emerging markets and countries with government-sponsored healthcare systems, may cause decreased demand for our products and services and increased competition, which could result in lower sales volume and downward pressure on the prices for our products, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of new technologies. a weakening of macroeconomic conditions may also adversely affect our suppliers, which could result in interruptions in supply. we have also previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries in western europe due to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or regions experiencing financial problems.
the medical technology industry is very competitive.
we are a global company that faces significant competition from a wide range of companies. these include large medical device companies with multiple product lines, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets or product lines. we face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, price, services and other factors. in addition, we face changing customer preferences and requirements, including increased customer demand for more environmentally-friendly products.
the medical technology industry is also subject to rapid technological change and discovery. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for disease states that may be delivered without a medical device. the entry into the market of manufacturers located in china and other low-cost manufacturing locations has also created pricing pressure, particularly in developing markets.
a substantial amount of our revenues are derived from international operations, and we anticipate that a significant portion of our sales will continue to come from outside the u.s. in the future. the revenues we report with respect to our operations outside the united states may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. a discussion of the financial impact of exchange rate fluctuations and the ways and extent to which we may attempt to address any impact is contained in item 7., management's discussion of financial condition and results of operations. any hedging activities we engage in may only offset a portion of the adverse financial impact resulting from unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. we cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the degree to which we can mitigate these risks.
our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. the coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources and by country, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for those products in a particular jurisdiction. reimbursement rates can also affect the acceptance rate of new technologies and products. legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the united states or abroad, changes in reimbursement rates by private payers, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products or result in denial of reimbursement for those products, which would adversely affect customer demand or the price customers are willing to pay for such products. see "third-party reimbursement" under item 1., business.
the ppaca imposes on medical device manufacturers, such as bd, a 2.3% excise tax on u.s. sales of certain medical devices. while the excise tax has been suspended until the end of 2017, absent further legislative action, it will be reinstated in 2018.
the medical technology industry has experienced a significant amount of consolidation, resulting in companies with greater market presence. health care systems and other health care companies are also consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. as a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have also served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has led to downward pricing pressure for medical device suppliers. further consolidation in the industry could intensify competition among medical device suppliers and exert additional pressure on the prices of our products.
cost volatility could adversely affect our operations.
our results of operations could be negatively impacted by volatility in the cost of raw materials, components, freight and energy that increases the costs of producing and distributing our products. new laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs as well as the costs of certain raw materials and components. in particular, we purchase supplies of resins, which are oil-based components used in the manufacture of certain products, and any significant increases in resin costs could adversely impact future operating results. increases in oil prices can also increase our packaging and transportation costs. we may not be able to offset any increases in these operational costs.
we rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. in addition, some of our products include information technology that collects data regarding patients and patient therapy on behalf of our customers and some connect to our systems for maintenance purposes.  our information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, cyber- or phishing- attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. in addition to our own information, in the course of doing business, we sometimes store information with third parties that could be subject to these types of attacks.  cyber-attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen.  likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, and adverse impact on our relationships with vendors, business partners and customers.  unauthorized tampering, adulteration or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions.  cyber-attacks could result in unauthorized access to our systems and products which could also result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation.  while we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect the company against unauthorized access to our systems and work with government authorities to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated frequent, and adaptive. there can be no assurances that our protective measures will prevent future attacks that could have a material adverse impact on our business.
a significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. new product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the united states and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products. in addition, patents attained by others can preclude or delay our commercialization of a product. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance.
we cannot guarantee that any of our strategic acquisitions, investments or alliances will be successful.
we may seek to supplement our internal growth through strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances. such transactions are inherently risky, and the integration of any newly-acquired business requires significant effort and management attention. the success of any acquisition, investment or alliance may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to properly assess and value the potential business opportunity or to successfully integrate any business we may acquire into our existing business. there can be no assurance that any past or future transaction will be successful.
a substantial amount of our sales come from our operations outside the united states, and we intend to continue to pursue growth opportunities in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets. our foreign operations subject us to certain risks, including the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange (discussed above), the effects of local economic and political conditions, u.s. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements, local product preferences and product requirements, longer payment terms for account receivables than we experience in the u.s., difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing foreign operations, differing labor regulations, potential changes to international trade agreements and treaties, changes in tax laws, weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries, import or export licensing requirements, trade protection measures and restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders. the success of our operations outside the united states depends, in part, on our ability to acquire or form and maintain alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to, among other things, our production facilities and sales and distribution networks.
in addition, our international operations are governed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption laws outside the u.s. global enforcement of anti-corruption laws has increased substantially in recent years, with more enforcement proceedings by u.s. and foreign governmental agencies and the imposition of significant fines and penalties. while we have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with these laws, our international operations, which often involve customer relationships with foreign governments, create the risk that there may be unauthorized payments or offers of payments made by employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors. any alleged or actual violations of these laws may subject us to government investigations, significant criminal or civil sanctions and other liabilities, and negatively affect our reputation.
under the u.s. tax code, we may also be subject to additional taxation to the extent we repatriate earnings from our foreign operations to the u.s. in the event we require more capital in the united states than is generated by our u.s. operations to fund acquisitions or other activities and elect to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions, our effective tax rate may be higher as a result. recently in the united states, there have been legislative proposals to tax profits that are earned abroad. these, and other proposals for fundamental u.s. corporate tax reform, if enacted, could have a material impact on our financial results.
the june 2016 referendum result in the united kingdom ("uk") to exit the european union ("eu") (commonly known as "brexit") and the subsequent triggering by the uk government in march 2017 of article 50 of the lisbon treaty, which commenced the uk's official withdrawal process from the eu, has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the uk and the eu. following the referendum, there was a significant decline in the value of the british pound compared to the u.s. dollar, and continued volatility in exchange rates and economic conditions is expected as the uk negotiates its exit from the eu. until the terms of the uk's exit from the eu are determined, it is difficult to predict its impact but it is possible that the withdrawal could, among other things, affect the legal and regulatory schemes to which our businesses are subject, impact trade between the uk and the eu and other parties and create economic and political uncertainty in the region.
there have also been recent proposals for the u.s. to significantly modify or withdraw from certain existing international trade agreements, including the north american free trade agreement. while we cannot predict whether any such changes will be implemented, it is possible that changes to international trade agreements could materially impact our business.
we sell products to researchers at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government laboratories and private foundations. research and development spending of our customers can fluctuate based on spending priorities and general economic conditions. a number of these customers are also dependent for their funding upon grants from u.s. government agencies, such as the u.s. national institutes of health ("nih") and agencies in other countries. the level of government funding of research and development is unpredictable. for instance, there have been instances where nih grants have been frozen or otherwise unavailable for extended periods. the availability of governmental research funding may be adversely affected by economic conditions and governmental spending reductions. any reduction or delay in governmental funding could cause our customers to delay or forego purchases of our products.
we purchase many different types of raw materials and components used in our products. certain raw materials and components are not available from multiple sources. in addition, for quality assurance, cost-effectiveness and other reasons, we elect to purchase certain raw materials and components from sole suppliers. the supply of these materials can be disrupted for a number of reasons, including economic conditions as described above. while we work with suppliers to ensure continuity of supply, no assurance can be given that these efforts will be successful. in addition, due to regulatory requirements relating to the qualification of suppliers, we may not be able to establish additional or replacement sources on a timely basis or without excessive cost. the termination, reduction or interruption in supply of these sole-sourced raw materials and components could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell certain of our products.
we have manufacturing sites all over the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain of our product lines is concentrated in one or more of our plants. damage to one or more of these facilities from weather or natural disasters, or issues in our manufacturing process, equipment failure or other factors, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture these products, resulting in lost revenues and damage to our relationships with customers. in particular, damage to our manufacturing facilities in puerto rico resulting from hurricane maria in september 2017 could adversely impact our revenue and earnings results for fiscal year 2018.
we are subject to lawsuits.
we are or have been a defendant in a number of lawsuits, including purported class action lawsuits for alleged antitrust violations and suits alleging patent infringement, and could be subject to additional lawsuits in the future. a more detailed description of these lawsuits is contained in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8., financial statements and supplementary data. given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are global and are affected by complex state, federal and international laws relating to healthcare, environmental protection, antitrust, anti-corruption, marketing, fraud and abuse (including anti-kickback and false claims laws), export control, employment and other areas. violations of these laws can result in criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines and, in some cases, exclusion from participation in health care programs such as medicare and medicaid. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd. the enactment of additional laws in the future may increase our compliance costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations.
we are also subject to extensive regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug and cosmetic act, by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. most of our products must receive clearance or approval from the fda or counterpart regulatory agencies in other countries before they can be marketed or sold. the process for obtaining marketing approval or clearance may take a significant period of time and require the expenditure of substantial resources, and these have been increasing due to increased requirements from the fda for supporting data for submissions. the process may also require changes to our products or result in limitations on the indicated uses of the products. governmental agencies may also impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to modify or re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products in those countries. once clearance or approval has been obtained for a product, there is an obligation to ensure that all applicable fda and other regulatory requirements continue to be met. following the introduction of a product, these agencies also periodically review our manufacturing processes and product performance. our failure to comply with the applicable good manufacturing practices, adverse event reporting, clinical trial and other requirements of these agencies could delay or prevent the production, marketing or sale of our products and result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, closure of manufacturing sites, seizures or recalls of products and damage to our reputation. more stringent oversight by the fda and other agencies in recent years has resulted in increased enforcement activity, which increases the compliance risk for us and other companies in our industry.
as a result of the carefusion acquisition, we are operating under a consent decree with the fda that was entered into by carefusion in 2009, that affects our infusion pump business in the united states. for more information regarding the consent decree, see "regulation" under item 1, "business".
defects or quality issues associated with our products could adversely affect the results of our operations.
the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, unapproved use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in regulatory approval of new products.
many of our businesses rely on patent, trademark and other intellectual property assets. these intellectual property assets, in the aggregate, are of material importance to our business. we can lose the protection afforded by these intellectual property assets through patent expirations, legal challenges or governmental action. patents attained by competitors, particularly as patents on our products expire, may also adversely affect our competitive position. in addition, competitors may seek to invalidate patents on our products or claim that our products infringe upon their intellectual property, which could result in a loss of competitive advantage or the payment of significant legal fees, damage awards and past or future royalties, as well as injunctions against future sales of our products. we also operate in countries that do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the u.s., which could make it easier for competitors to compete with us in those countries. the loss of a significant portion of our portfolio of intellectual property assets may have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition or cash flows.
natural disasters (including pandemics), war, terrorism, labor disruptions and international conflicts, and actions taken by the united states and other governments or by our customers or suppliers in response to such events, could cause significant economic disruption and political and social instability in the united states and areas outside of the united states in which we operate. these events could result in decreased demand for our products, adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, or increase the costs for or cause interruptions in the supply of materials from our suppliers.
we need to attract and retain key employees to be competitive.
our ability to compete effectively depends upon our ability to attract and retain executives and other key employees, including people in technical, marketing, sales and research positions. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected.
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits and cost savings resulting from our acquisition of carefusion.
while we have realized significant cost savings to date in connection with our acquisition of carefusion in 2015, achieving additional cost synergies may prove more difficult than expected, and it is possible that the anticipated cost synergies of the merger may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected.
risks relating to our acquisition of bard completion of the bard acquisition is subject to conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the bard acquisition will not be completed.
the obligations of us and bard to complete the bard acquisition are subject to satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period in connection with the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended (the "hsr act"), the receipt of any authorization or consent from certain other governmental authorities required to be obtained with respect to the merger under applicable foreign antitrust laws, approval of the listing on the nyse of shares of our common stock to be issued in the bard acquisition, and the absence of an injunction prohibiting the bard acquisition. each party's obligation to complete the bard acquisition is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted under applicable law) of certain other customary conditions, the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party under the merger agreement (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the merger agreement), the performance by the other party of its respective obligations under the merger agreement in all material respects and delivery of officer certificates by the other party certifying satisfaction of the two preceding conditions. either we or bard may, subject to certain exceptions, terminate the merger agreement upon mutual consent or if the bard acquisition has not been consummated on or before january 23, 2018 (or before april 23, 2018 if all closing conditions have been satisfied other than the receipt of required competition approvals).
the failure to satisfy all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the bard acquisition for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. if the bard acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the bard acquisition, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   time and resources, financial and other, committed by our management to matters relating to the bard acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities for our company;
•   we will be required to pay our respective costs relating to the bard acquisition, including legal, accounting, financial advisory, financing and printing fees, whether or not the bard acquisition is completed.
in addition, if the bard acquisition is not completed, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the bard acquisition or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the merger agreement. the materialization of any of these risks could materially and adversely impact our ongoing business.
similarly, any delay in completing the bard acquisition could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the bard acquisition and cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the bard acquisition is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. there can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the bard acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the bard acquisition will be consummated.
in order to complete the bard acquisition, we and bard must make certain governmental filings and obtain certain governmental authorizations, and if such filings and authorizations are not made or granted or are granted with conditions, completion of the bard acquisition may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the bard acquisition could be reduced.
although we and bard have agreed in the merger agreement to use reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings, to obtain the required expiration or termination of the waiting period under the hsr act and to obtain any authorization or consent from certain other governmental authorities required to be obtained with respect to the merger under applicable foreign antitrust laws, there can be no assurance that such approvals will be obtained. as a condition to granting termination of the waiting period under the hsr act and to adoption of approvals of the bard acquisition, governmental authorities may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of our business after completion of the bard acquisition.
under the terms of the merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions, we and our subsidiaries are required to accept certain conditions and take certain actions imposed by certain governmental authorities that would apply to, or affect, the businesses, assets or properties of us, our subsidiaries or bard and its subsidiaries. there can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of (i) delaying completion of the bard acquisition, (ii) imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the bard acquisition, or (iii) otherwise adversely affecting our businesses and results of operations after completion of the bard acquisition. in addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the bard acquisition.
in connection with the pendency of the bard acquisition, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other persons with whom we or bard have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or bard, as the case may be, as a result of the bard acquisition, which could negatively affect our or bard's respective revenues, earnings and cash flows, regardless of whether the bard acquisition is completed. if the bard acquisition is completed, such terminations, changes or renegotiations could negatively affect the revenues, earnings and cash flows of the combined company. these risks may be exacerbated by delays or other adverse developments with respect to the completion of the bard acquisition.
combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the bard acquisition may not be realized.
we and bard have operated and, until the completion of the bard acquisition, will continue to operate, independently. the success of the bard acquisition, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our business with the business of bard.
the bard acquisition will involve the integration of bard's business with our existing business, which is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. it is possible that the pendency of the bard acquisition and/or the integration process could result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
•   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the bard acquisition;
•   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
•   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the bard acquisition.
many of these factors will be outside of the combined company's control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect the combined company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
if we experience difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the bard acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. these integration matters could have an adverse effect on (i) each of us and bard during this transition period and (ii) the combined company for an undetermined period after completion of the bard acquisition. in addition, the actual cost savings of the bard acquisition could be less than anticipated.
in addition, certain risks associated with our industry and business described herein and in our public filings may become more significant following consummation of the bard acquisition, including, but not limited to, risks relating to: the continued focus by third-party payors on cost containment and government scrutiny of the healthcare industry's sales and marketing practices, various healthcare reform proposals that have emerged on the federal and state levels and in other jurisdictions where the combined company sells its products, collective bargaining and labor activity, and the integrity of our information systems that are run by third party vendors and such vendors' ability to maintain their systems and reduce any vulnerability to natural and system disruptions and prevent cyber-attacks and other unauthorized access.
the future results of the combined company may be adversely impacted if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the completion of the bard acquisition.
following the completion of the bard acquisition, the size of the combined company's business will be significantly larger than the current size of either our or bard's respective businesses. the combined company's ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two discrete companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. there can be no assurances that the combined company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the bard acquisition.
the combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the completion of the bard acquisition and the integration of bd and bard.
we and bard have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, a number of non-recurring costs associated with the bard acquisition and combining the operations of the two companies. the substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will be comprised of transaction and regulatory costs related to the bard acquisition.
we also will incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the bard acquisition and the integration of the two companies' businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
in connection with the bard acquisition, we have incurred significant additional indebtedness, and certain of bard's indebtedness will remain outstanding, which could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility, and will increase our interest expense.
we have substantially increased our indebtedness in connection with the pending bard acquisition through the incurrence of new indebtedness to finance the bard acquisition and, following the bard acquisition, through the assumption of bard's existing indebtedness, in comparison to our indebtedness on a recent historical basis, which could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing our interest expense.
the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following completion of the bard acquisition, and thus the demands on our cash resources, will be greater than the amount of cash flows required to service our indebtedness prior to the bard acquisition. the increased levels of indebtedness following completion of the bard acquisition could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness as it becomes due and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. in addition, certain of the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition bears interest at variable interest rates. if interest rates increase, variable rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could further adversely affect our cash flows. if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the bard acquisition, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
in addition, our credit ratings affect the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of capital. our ratings reflect each rating organization's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. there can be no assurance that we will achieve a particular rating or maintain a particular rating in the future or that we will be able to maintain our current rating. furthermore, we expect that our combined company's credit ratings will be lower following the bard acquisition, including below "investment grade" by moody's investors service, inc., which may further increase the combined company's future borrowing costs and reduce the combined company's access to capital.
moreover, in the future we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, the repayment or refinancing of our indebtedness, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that it will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
we may not be able to service all of the combined company's indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful. our failure to meet our debt service obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. we expect to be able to meet the estimated cash interest payments on the combined company's debt following the bard acquisition through a combination of the expected cash flows from operations of the combined company. however, our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize other methods to make scheduled payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of our control. there can be no assurance that these sources will be adequate. if we are unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, we will be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, seek additional capital, sell assets or refinance our indebtedness. any such action may not be successful and we may be unable to service our indebtedness and fund our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the agreements that will govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern the indebtedness incurred in connection with the bard acquisition contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt and the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person, engage in certain transactions with affiliates and change the nature of our business. in addition, the agreements also require us to comply with certain financial covenants, including financial ratios. our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations and could result in a default and acceleration under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations.
uncertainties associated with the bard acquisition may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees of bard or us, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company following the bard acquisition.
we and bard are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our respective officers and other key employees to execute our respective business plans. the combined company's success after the bard acquisition will depend in part upon its ability to retain key management personnel and other key employees of us and bard. current and prospective employees of us and bard may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company following the bard acquisition, which may materially adversely affect the ability of each of us and bard to attract and retain key personnel during the pendency of and after the bard acquisition. accordingly, no assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to retain key management personnel and other key employees of us and bard.
completion of the bard acquisition will trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which bard is a party, which may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
the completion of the bard acquisition will trigger change in control and other provisions in certain agreements to which bard is a party. if we and bard are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. even if we and bard are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to bard or the combined company. any of the foregoing or similar developments may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
for example, if the ratings of certain of bard's outstanding senior notes are reduced beyond certain thresholds within certain time periods prior to or following the consummation of the bard acquisition, bard could be required to offer to repurchase such notes at 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest to the repurchase date.
following the consummation of the bard acquisition, the combined company will assume certain potential liabilities relating to bard, including certain products liability and mass torts claims.
following the consummation of the bard acquisition, the combined company will have assumed certain potential liabilities relating to bard, including certain products liability and mass tort claims with respect to the design, manufacture and marketing of medical devices and related settlement agreements and judgments. as of september 30, 2017, bard has reported that there are: (i) approximately 25 federal and 185 state lawsuits involving individual claims by approximately 205 plaintiffs, as well as one putative class action in the united states, are currently pending against bard's hernia repair implant products, (ii) product liability lawsuits involving individual claims by approximately 3,285 plaintiffs are currently pending against bard in various federal and state jurisdictions with respect to bard's surgical continence products for women and (iii) product liability lawsuits involving individual claims by approximately 1,755 plaintiffs are currently pending against bard in various federal and state jurisdictions with respect to bard's vena cava filter products.
bard does not maintain or has limited remaining insurance coverage for certain of these claims and the combined company may not be able to obtain additional insurance on acceptable terms or at all that will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. moreover, in some circumstances adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture, quality or marketing of our combined company's products could result in the fda suspending or delaying its review of our applications for new product approvals, or imposing post market approval requirements. in addition, reserves established by bard or the combined company for estimated losses, including with respect to these claims, do not represent an exact calculation of actual liability but instead represent estimates of the probable loss at the time the reserve is established. due to the inherent uncertainty underlying loss reserve estimates, additional reserves may be established from time-to-time, and actual losses relating to the assumed bard liabilities may be materially higher or lower than the related reserve. any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
sales of shares of bd common stock after the completion of the transaction may cause the market price of bd equity securities to fall.
we will issue a significant number of shares of our common stock in connection with the bard acquisition. many bard stockholders may decide not to hold the shares of our common stock they will receive in the bard acquisition. other bard stockholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of our common stock that they receive in the bard acquisition. such sales of our common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our equity securities and may take place promptly following the bard acquisition.
the mandatory convertible preferred stock underlying the depositary shares issued in connection with the financing of the bard transaction may adversely affect the market price of bd common stock.
the market price of bd common stock is likely to be influenced by the mandatory convertible preferred stock underlying the depositary shares issued in connection with the financing for the bard transaction. the market price of bd common stock could become more volatile and could be depressed by:
•   investors' anticipation of the potential resale in the market of a substantial number of additional shares of bd common stock received upon conversion of the mandatory convertible preferred stock;
•   possible sales of bd common stock by investors who view the mandatory convertible preferred stock as a more attractive means of equity participation in bd than owning shares of bd common stock; and
•   hedging or arbitrage trading activity that may develop involving the mandatory convertible preferred stock and bd common stock.
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. within the tables presented throughout this discussion, certain columns may not add due to the use of rounded numbers for disclosure purposes. percentages and earnings per share amounts presented are calculated from the underlying amounts. references to years throughout this discussion relate to our fiscal years, which end on september 30.
company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment and diagnostic products used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. the company's organizational structure is based upon two principal business segments, bd medical ("medical") and bd life sciences ("life sciences").
bd's products are manufactured and sold worldwide. our products are marketed in the united states and internationally through independent distribution channels and directly to end-users by bd and independent sales representatives. we organize our operations outside the united states as follows: europe; ema (which includes the commonwealth of independent states, the middle east and africa); greater asia (which includes japan and asia pacific); latin america (which includes mexico, central america, the caribbean, and south america); and canada. we continue to pursue growth opportunities in emerging markets, which include the following geographic regions: eastern europe, the middle east, africa, latin america and certain countries within asia pacific. we are primarily focused on certain countries whose healthcare systems are expanding, in particular, china and india.
strategic objectives bd remains focused on delivering sustainable growth and shareholder value, while making appropriate investments for the future. bd management operates the business consistent with the following core strategies:
•   to increase revenue growth by focusing on our core products, services and solutions that deliver greater benefits to patients, healthcare workers and researchers;
•   to improve operating effectiveness and balance sheet productivity;
•   to drive an efficient capital structure and strong shareholder returns.
our strategy focuses on four specific areas within healthcare and life sciences:
•   providing tools and technologies to the research community that facilitate the understanding of the cell, cellular diagnostics and cell therapy;
•   enhancing disease management in diabetes, women's health and cancer, infectious disease and other targeted conditions.
we continue to strive to improve the efficiency of our capital structure and follow these guiding principles:
•   to operate the company consistent with an investment grade credit profile;
•   to ensure access to the debt market for strategic opportunities;
•   to optimize the cost of capital based on market conditions.
in assessing the outcomes of these strategies as well as bd's financial condition and operating performance, management generally reviews quarterly forecast data, monthly actual results, segment sales and other similar information. we also consider trends related to certain key financial data, including gross profit margin, selling and administrative expense, investment in research and development, return on invested capital, and cash flows.
definitive agreement to acquire c.r. bard, inc.
on april 23, 2017, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement under which bd will acquire c. r. bard, inc. ("bard") for an implied value of $317.00 per bard common share in cash and stock, for estimated total consideration of approximately $24 billion. the combination will create a highly differentiated medical technology company uniquely positioned to improve both the process of care and the treatment of disease for patients and healthcare providers. additional discussion regarding the acquisition agreement and the related financing the company has secured, through equity and debt issuances, is provided in notes 3, 9 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the transaction is subject to regulatory approval and customary closing conditions, and is expected to close in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017.
acquisition of carefusion on march 17, 2015, bd acquired a 100% interest in carefusion corporation ("carefusion"). carefusion's operating results were included in bd's consolidated results of operations beginning on april 1, 2015 and as such, the consolidated results of operations for the first six months of fiscal year 2015 referenced in the commentary provided further below did not include carefusion's results. carefusion operates as part of our medical segment.
summary of financial results worldwide revenues in 2017 of $12.093 billion decreased 3.1% from the prior-year period. the decrease reflected an approximate 7% reduction in revenues due to the divestiture of the respiratory solutions business in october 2016. volume growth in 2017 of more than 4% for our continuing businesses was partially offset by an unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation of less than 1%. pricing did not materially impact 2017 revenues. additional disclosures regarding our divestiture of the respiratory solutions
business are provided in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. volume growth in 2017 reflected the following:
•   medical segment volume growth in 2017 was driven by sales growth in all of the segment's units, particularly by growth in the medication and procedural solutions, medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units.
•   life sciences segment volume growth in 2017 was driven by growth in all three of its organizational units, particularly in its preanalytical and diagnostic systems units.
•   u.s. volume growth in 2017 primarily reflected growth in sales in the medical segment's medication management solutions and diabetes care units, as well as in all of the life sciences segment's units.
•   international volume growth in 2017 was driven by sales in the medical segment's medication and procedural solutions, medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units, as well as by sales in the life sciences segment's preanalytical systems and diagnostic systems units.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product promotions to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness. while the economic environment for the healthcare industry and healthcare utilization in the united states have generally stabilized, destabilization in the future could adversely impact our businesses. additionally, macroeconomic challenges in europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we currently view the environment as stable. in emerging markets, the company's growth is dependent primarily on government funding for healthcare systems. in addition, pricing pressure exists for certain geographies and could adversely impact our businesses.
our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $2.550 billion in 2017. at september 30, 2017, we had $14.2 billion in cash and equivalents and short-term investments, which included net proceeds raised through registered public offerings of equity securities and debt transactions during the third quarter of approximately $4.8 billion and $9.6 billion, respectively. we continued to return value to our shareholders in the form of dividends. during fiscal year 2017, we paid cash dividends of $677 million. we also repurchased approximately $220 million of our common stock during 2017.
each reporting period, we face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that fluctuate from the beginning of such period. the ongoing relative strength of the u.s. dollar resulted in an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact to our revenue and earnings growth during fiscal year 2017. we evaluate our results of operations on both a reported and a foreign currency-neutral basis, which excludes the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. as exchange rates are an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons, we believe the presentation of results on a foreign currency-neutral basis in addition to reported results helps improve investors' ability to understand our operating results and evaluate our performance in comparison to prior periods. foreign currency-neutral ("fxn") information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period-over-period. we use results on a foreign currency-neutral basis as one measure to evaluate our performance. we calculate foreign currency-neutral percentages by converting our current-period local currency financial results using the prior-period foreign currency exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current-period results. these results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). results on a foreign currency-neutral basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not measures of performance presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
results of operations medical segment the following is a summary of medical revenues by organizational unit:
(a)   the presentation of prior-period amounts has been revised to conform with the presentation of current-period amounts, which does not separately present an immaterial adjustment for the amortization of a deferred revenue balance write-down relating to the carefusion acquisition.
medical segment revenue growth in 2017 was driven by the medication and procedural solutions unit's sales of infusion disposables products, particularly in international markets, and the pharmaceutical systems unit's sales of self-injection systems. revenue growth in 2017 also reflected the diabetes care unit's increased sales of pen needles in the united states and emerging markets. international growth in the diabetes care unit was impacted by weaker revenues in europe, primarily in the united kingdom, due to increasing pressure from government payers as part of austerity measures. medical segment revenues in 2017 were unfavorably impacted by the divestiture of the respiratory solutions business and the modification to dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers in the medication management solutions unit, which took place in april 2017. as a result of the lease modification, substantially all new lease contracts entered into beginning in april 2017 will be accounted for as operating leases with revenue recognized over the agreement term, rather than upon the placement of capital. in 2017, revenues in the medication management solutions unit included $151 million of revenues relating to amended preexisting lease contracts.
the medical segment's growth in 2016 largely reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales for a full fiscal year in 2016 compared with half the fiscal year in 2015, as previously discussed. medical segment revenue growth in 2016 additionally reflected the medication and procedural solutions unit's international sales of safety-engineered products, the diabetes care unit's sales of pen needles and the pharmaceutical systems unit's sales of self-injection systems. fiscal year 2016 medical segment revenue growth was unfavorably impacted by the termination of a distribution contract in the respiratory solutions unit.
the medical segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit margin and operating expenses. the medical segment's gross profit margin in 2017 was higher as compared with 2016 primarily due to the divestiture of the respiratory solutions business, which had products with relatively lower gross profit margins. gross profit margin in 2017 also reflected lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous improvement projects which enhanced the efficiency of our operations. the medical segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was slightly higher in 2016 as compared with 2015 primarily due to lower manufacturing costs resulting from continuous operations improvement projects, partially offset by the recognition of a full year of amortization relating to intangible assets acquired in the carefusion transaction and by unfavorable foreign currency translation.
selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was lower compared with 2016, primarily due to the divestiture of the respiratory solutions business, as this business generally had a lower operating margin. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 was favorably impacted by the suspension of the medical device excise tax imposed under the u.s. patient protection affordable care act. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 reflected ongoing investment in new products and platforms, but was lower compared with 2016 as expense in 2016 included a one-time payment relating to one of the segment's ongoing projects. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 increased from 2015, which reflected increased investment in new products and platforms, including the one-time payment noted above.
life sciences segment the following is a summary of life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
the life sciences segment's 2017 revenues reflected growth in global sales of the preanalytical systems unit's safety-engineered products and growth in sales of the diagnostics systems unit's microbiology and molecular platforms, particularly in emerging markets. the segment's 2017 revenue growth was also driven by increased biosciences unit sales, particularly in developed markets.
fiscal year 2016 revenues in the life sciences segment were driven by the preanalytical systems unit's u.s. and international sales of safety-engineered products. segment revenue growth in 2016 also reflected the diagnostic systems unit's sales of its core microbiology products, as well as placements of its bd kiestratm
platform. fiscal year 2016 revenues in the life sciences segment additionally reflected the biosciences unit's research instrument and reagent sales, primarily in the united states, which were partially offset by decreased sales of the biosciences unit's hiv-related clinical products in africa.
the life sciences segment's operating income is driven by its performance with respect to gross profit margin and operating expenses.  the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, higher raw material costs and unfavorable product mix, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from operations improvement projects. the life sciences segment's gross profit margin as a percentage of revenues was lower in fiscal year 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by lower manufacturing costs resulting from operations improvement projects.
selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues in 2017 was higher compared to 2016 primarily due to slightly higher administrative costs. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of life sciences revenues decreased in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to the suspension of the medical device excise tax. research and development expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was relatively flat compared with 2016, which increased compared to 2015 due to increased investment in new products and platforms.
(millions of dollars)            2017   2016                2015                  totalchange         estimatedfximpact          fxn change          totalchange         estimatedfximpact           fxn change united states              $6,504              $6,893              $5,069        (5.6   )%                 -                   (5.6   )%            36.0       %              -                    36.0       %
u.s. revenues in 2017 were unfavorably impacted by the medical segment's divestiture of the respiratory solutions business and the modification to dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers in the medical segment's medication management solutions unit, as previously discussed. these impacts to u.s. revenues in 2017 were partially offset by growth in sales in the medical segment's medication management solutions and diabetes care units, as well as in all of the life sciences segment's units.
u.s. revenue growth in 2016 primarily reflected the inclusion of carefusion's u.s. sales for the full fiscal year. u.s. revenues also reflected growth in sales of the medical segment's legacy products, particularly in the medication and procedural solutions and pharmaceutical systems units. u.s. revenue growth in 2016 was also driven by sales in the life science's segment's preanalytical systems and biosciences units.
international revenues in 2017 were driven by sales in the medical segment's medication and procedural solutions, medication management solutions and pharmaceutical systems units, as well as by sales in the life sciences segment's preanalytical systems and diagnostic systems units. international revenue growth in 2017 was partially offset by the impact of the medical segment's divestiture of the respiratory solutions business.
international revenue growth in 2016 primarily reflected the inclusion of carefusion's sales for the full fiscal year, as well as growth attributable to the medical segment's legacy products in the medication and procedural solutions unit. international revenue growth in 2016 also reflected the life sciences segment's preanalytical systems unit's sales, primarily in western europe and asia pacific. the life sciences segment's international revenue growth in 2016 was negatively impacted by a decrease in certain sales in its biosciences unit in africa, as previously discussed.
specified items reflected in the financial results for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were the following specified items:
litigation-related items (e)                        (337   )             -                12
total specified items                              1,466             1,261             1,186
tax impact of specified items                        495               369               400
after-tax impact of specified items                 $971              $892              $786
(a)   represents integration, restructuring and transaction costs, recorded in acquisitions and other restructurings, which are further discussed below.
(b)   the amount in 2017 represents financing costs incurred in connection with the agreement to acquire bard, including bridge financing commitment fees of $79 million, which were recorded in interest expense. the amount in 2015 represents financing costs incurred in connection with the carefusion acquisition, including bridge financing commitment fees.
(c)   primarily represents non-cash amortization expense associated with acquisition-related identifiable intangible assets. bd's amortization expense is primarily recorded in cost of products sold. the adjustment in 2015 also included a fair value step-up adjustment of $293 million recorded relative to carefusion's inventory on the acquisition date.
(d)   represents a non-cash charge, which was recorded in other operating expense, net resulting from a modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers, as further discussed below.
gross profit margin the comparison of gross profit margins in 2017 and 2016 and the comparison of gross profit margins in 2016 and 2015 reflected the following impacts:
gross profit margin % prior-year period                              48.0   %         45.7    %
impact of divestitures                                                0.8   %            -    %
carefusion acquisition-related asset depreciation and amortization      -   %          0.6    %
gross profit margin % current-year period                            49.1   %         48.0    %
the operating performance impacts in 2017 and 2016 primarily reflected lower manufacturing costs resulting from the continuous operations improvement projects discussed above. gross profit margin in 2017 was favorably impacted by businesses divestitures, primarily the divestiture of the respiratory solutions business which had products with relatively lower gross profit margins. gross profit margin in 2016 benefited from a favorable comparison to 2015, which reflected the fair value step-up adjustment recorded relative to carefusion's inventory on the acquisition date, as previously discussed, partially offset by the recognition in 2016 of a full year of amortization relating to carefusion's intangible assets.
acquisitions and other restructurings        $354                $728                $426
selling and administrative selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2017 was relatively flat compared with 2016. selling and administrative expense as a percentage of revenues in 2016 as compared with 2015 reflected synergies resulting from the carefusion acquisition, as well as favorable foreign currency translation and a suspension of the medical device excise tax, as previously discussed, partially offset by higher selling expenses relating to product launches and higher shipping expenses.
research and development research and development expense as a percentage of revenues was slightly lower in 2017, which reflected a favorable comparison to 2016, which included increased investment in high growth opportunities.
acquisitions and other restructurings costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings in 2017, 2016 and 2015 primarily represented integration and restructuring costs substantially associated with our fiscal year 2015 acquisition of carefusion and other portfolio rationalization initiatives. integration costs in 2017 also included costs relating to our pending acquisition of bard. restructuring costs in 2016 included a $214 million charge recorded to impair capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale as a result of information technology function transformation efforts. transaction costs were incurred in 2017 in connection with the pending acquisition of bard and other portfolio rationalization initiatives. transaction costs were also incurred in 2015 in connection with the carefusion acquisition. for further disclosures regarding the costs relating to acquisitions and other restructurings, refer to notes 7, 9, 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
other operating (income) expense, net other operating expense in 2017 included the $748 million non-cash charge resulting from the modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers. additional disclosures regarding this lease contract modification are provided in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. other operating income in 2017 included a $336 million reversal of certain reserves related to an appellate court decision which, among other things, reversed an unfavorable antitrust judgment in the retractable technologies, inc. case. additional disclosures regarding this legal matter are provided in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data net interest expense
the increase in interest expense in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflected higher levels of debt due to our issuances of senior unsecured u.s. notes during the third quarter of 2017, as well as bridge financing commitment fees of $79 million. the increase in interest expense in 2016 reflected a full year of increased financing costs associated with the carefusion acquisition, including interest on senior unsecured notes issued in december 2014. this increase in financing costs was partially offset by the full year impact of favorable amortization of the acquisition-date fair value step-up on carefusion's long-term debt as well as by the prior-year impact of commitment fees incurred for a bridge loan facility. additional disclosures regarding our financing arrangements and debt instruments are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the increase in interest income in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily reflected higher levels of cash on hand, as a result of our third quarter issuances of debt and equity securities, as well as higher investment gains on assets related to our deferred compensation plans. the increase in interest income in 2016 reflected the realization of investment gains on assets related to our deferred compensation plans, compared with the realization of losses in 2015, partially offset by lower cash levels outside of the united states. the offsetting movements in the deferred compensation plan liability were recorded in selling and administrative expense.
effective income tax rate - (benefit) provision           (12.7   )%         9.1   %         5.9   %
favorable impact, in basis points, from specified items   2,790            1,090           1,720
the decrease in the effective income tax rate in 2017 largely reflected the more favorable tax impact from specified items recognized in 2017 compared with 2016, as well as the tax benefits recorded upon the settlement of share-based compensation awards in 2017. the share-based compensation-related tax benefits were recognized in connection with bd's adoption of new accounting requirements relating to the income tax effects of share-based compensation awards. additional disclosures regarding this adoption are provided in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the increase in the effective income tax rate from 2015 to 2016 is primarily due to the decrease in tax benefits on specified items as the tax benefits on specified items in 2015 were primarily incurred in higher tax jurisdictions. the income tax rates in fiscal years 2016 also reflected the extension of the u.s. research and development income tax credit, which was partially offset by the unfavorable impact of one-time discrete items.
unfavorable impact-specified items                $(4.34      )       $(4.10      )       $(3.79      )
the dilutive impact from share issuances in 2017 represents the impact of bd shares issued in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, in anticipation of the pending bard acquisition. the dilutive impact from share issuances in 2015 represents the impact from shares issued as consideration for the carefusion acquisition, prior to the inclusion of carefusion in consolidated results of operations.
financial instrument market risk we selectively use financial instruments to manage market risk, primarily foreign currency exchange risk and interest rate risk relating to our ongoing business operations. the counterparties to these contracts are highly rated financial institutions. we do not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.
foreign exchange risk bd and its subsidiaries transact business in various foreign currencies throughout europe, greater asia, canada and latin america. we face foreign currency exposure from the effect of fluctuating exchange rates on payables and receivables relating to transactions that are denominated in currencies other than our functional currency. these payables and receivables primarily arise from intercompany transactions. we hedge substantially all such exposures, primarily through the use of forward contracts. we also face currency exposure that arises from translating the results of our worldwide operations, including sales, to the u.s. dollar at exchange rates that have fluctuated from the beginning of a reporting period. from time to time, we may
derivative financial instruments are recorded on our balance sheet at fair value. for foreign currency derivatives, market risk is determined by calculating the impact on fair value of an assumed change in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. fair values were estimated based upon observable inputs, specifically spot currency rates and foreign currency prices for similar assets and liabilities.
with respect to the foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding at september 30, 2017 and 2016, the impact changes in the u.s. dollar would have on pre-tax earnings was estimated as follows:
interest rate risk our primary interest rate risk relates to u.s. dollar borrowings which are partially offset by u.s. dollar cash investments. when managing interest rate exposures, we strive to achieve an appropriate balance between fixed and floating rate instruments. we may enter into interest rate swaps to help maintain this balance and manage debt and interest-bearing investments in tandem, since these items have an offsetting impact on interest rate exposure. for interest rate derivative instruments, fair values are measured based upon the present value of expected future cash flows using market-based observable inputs including credit risk and interest rate yield curves. market risk for these instruments is determined by calculating the impact to fair value of an assumed change in interest rates across all maturities.
with respect to the interest rate derivatives outstanding at september 30, 2017 and 2016, a 10% change in interest rates would not materially impact the fair value of these derivatives. based on our overall interest rate exposure at september 30, 2017 and 2016, a 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on our earnings or cash flows over a one-year period.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our consolidated statement of cash flows in 2017, 2016 and 2015:
operating activities                 $2,550           $2,559                 $1,730
investing activities                  $(883   )       $(669       )         $(8,318   )
financing activities                $10,977           $(1,761     )          $6,190
net cash flows from operating activities the fiscal year 2017, 2016 and 2015 changes in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to net income, as adjusted for depreciation and amortization and other non-cash items. the fiscal year 2017 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net use of cash and primarily reflected higher levels of prepaid expenses, trade receivables and inventory, partially offset by higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses.  the fiscal year 2016 change in operating assets and liabilities was a net source of cash and
primarily reflected higher levels of accounts payable and accrued expenses as well as lower levels of inventory, prepayments and financing receivables, partially offset by higher levels of accounts receivables. net cash provided by operating activities in 2017 also reflected an adjustment for the non-cash charge resulting from the modification to our dispensing equipment lease contracts with customers, as previously discussed, and the losses recorded upon our extinguishment of certain long-term notes, which are included within other, net. the previously discussed non-cash charge recorded to impair capitalized internal-use software assets held for sale is included within other, net in 2016. net cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was reduced by changes in the pension obligation resulting primarily from a discretionary cash contribution of $100 million.
net cash flows from investing activities capital expenditures our investments in capital expenditures are focused on projects that enhance our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities, and support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets. capital expenditures of $727 million, $693 million, $596 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, primarily related to manufacturing capacity expansions and details of spending by segment are contained in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
investments cash inflows from the sales of investments of $840 million in 2015 were attributable to the maturities of time deposits in europe, latin america and asia pacific.
acquisitions of businesses cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2017 included payments for acquisitions which were immaterial both individually and in the aggregate. cash outflows relating to acquisitions in 2015 of $8.414 billion were primarily attributable to the completion of the carefusion acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal year 2015. for further discussion, refer to note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
divestitures of businesses cash inflows relating to business divestitures in 2017 were $165 million. net cash flows from investing activities in 2016 included $158 million of proceeds from the sales of non-core assets.
net cash flows from financing activities net cash from financing activities in 2017, 2016 and 2015 included the following significant cash flows:
issuances of equity securities                                     $4,827              $-                $-
additional disclosures regarding the equity and debt-related financing activities detailed above are provided in notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. no further share repurchases are currently planned, as our share repurchase program has been suspended in connection with the announced agreement to acquire bard.
debt-related activities certain measures relating to our total debt were as follows:
total debt as a percentage of total capital (a)        57.5   %            57.2   %            59.4   %
(a)   represents shareholders' equity, net non-current deferred income tax liabilities, and debt.
the decrease in short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at september 30, 2017 was largely driven by our issuance of $9.675 billion of senior unsecured u.s. notes during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. the ratio of short-term debt as a percentage of total debt at september 30, 2016 primarily reflected the reclassifications of $800 million of notes from long-term debt to short-term debt, offset by the repayment of $750 million of floating rate notes during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 and a reduction of commercial paper borrowings. additional disclosures regarding our debt instruments are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
cash and short-term investments at september 30, 2017, total worldwide cash and short-term investments were $14.201 billion, of which $1.196 billion was held in jurisdictions outside of the united states. total cash at september 30, 2017 included net proceeds raised through public offerings of equity securities and debt transactions which occurred during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as previously discussed.
we regularly review the amount of cash and short-term investments held outside the united states and currently intend to use such amounts to fund our international operations and their growth initiatives. in addition, if these amounts were repatriated from foreign jurisdictions to the united states, there could be adverse tax consequences.
credit facilities we have in place a $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility which can be used for general corporate purposes. there were no borrowings outstanding under this credit facility at september 30, 2017. during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017, we extended the expiration date of this credit facility to january 2022 from the original expiration date of january 2021. we may issue up to $100 million in letters of credit under this facility and it also includes a provision that enables bd, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2 billion. the credit facility includes a single financial covenant that requires bd to maintain an interest expense coverage ratio of not less than 4-to-1 for the most recent four consecutive fiscal quarters. we were in compliance with this covenant as of september 30, 2017. we also have informal lines of credit outside the united states.
the developments discussed below occurred in 2017 relative to our credit facilities in connection with the announcement of the acquisition of bard.
term loan and revolving credit facilities in may 2017, we entered into a three-year $2.25 billion senior unsecured term loan facility. the proceeds from this facility may only be used to fund a portion of the cash consideration for the bard acquisition, as well as the fees and expenses incurred in connection with this acquisition. also in may 2017, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility that will provide borrowing of up to $2.25 billion when the facility becomes effective upon the closing of the bard acquisition. this facility will expire in may 2022. upon the effective date of the facility, it will replace the $1.5 billion syndicated credit facility discussed further above. we will be able to issue up to $100 million in letters of credit under this new revolving credit facility and it also includes a provision that enables bd, subject to additional commitments made by the lenders, to access up to an additional $500 million in financing through the facility for a maximum aggregate commitment of $2.75 billion. we will use proceeds from this facility to fund general corporate needs and to redeem, repurchase or defease certain of bard's outstanding senior unsecured notes that will be assumed upon the closing of the acquisition.
the agreements for both the new term loan and revolving credit facility contain the following financial covenants:
•   we are required to maintain an interest expense coverage ratio of not less than 4-to-1 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. we were in compliance with this covenant relative to the term loan facility as of september 30, 2017. this covenant becomes effective for the revolving credit facility upon the effective date of the facility.
◦   6-to-1 from the closing date of the bard acquisition until and including the first fiscal quarter-end thereafter;
bridge facility upon securing permanent financing, including the issuances of senior unsecured u.s. notes and equity securities in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, as previously discussed above, an agreement for fully committed bridge financing of $15.7 billion we had secured in concurrence with the announcement of the acquisition agreement was terminated.
access to capital and credit ratings our ability to generate cash flow from operations, issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms could be adversely affected in the event there was a material decline in the demand for our products, deterioration in our key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other significantly unfavorable changes in conditions.
our corporate credit ratings with the rating agencies standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investor service (moody's) and fitch ratings ("fitch") were as follows at september 30, 2017:
s&amp;p    moody's    fitch ratings:
outlook                 negative   negative   stable upon our announcement of the agreement to acquire bard, s&p placed our corporate credit rating of bbb+ on creditwatch. the bbb+ rating s&p assigned to our new term loan facility and the senior unsecured u.s. notes we issued in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 have also been placed on creditwatch by the ratings agency. s&p has indicated that this placement will be resolved upon the acquisition's closing, which is expected to occur in the fourth calendar quarter of 2017, and that our corporate debt rating by s&p will be lowered one notch to bbb. s&p also assigned a bbb- rating to the previously discussed mandatory convertible preferred stock we issued in may 2017.
also upon our announcement of the agreement to acquire bard, moody's placed our baa2 and p-2 ratings on review for downgrade and these ratings currently remain under review. additionally, moody's assigned a corporate credit rating of ba1 to our new term loan facility and to all of the tranches of senior unsecured u.s. notes issued in the third quarter, except for the tranche of 2.133% notes due june 6, 2019, which was assigned a corporate credit rating of baa2. moody's assigned a corporate credit rating of baa2 to euro-denominated notes we also issued in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. moody's has placed the ratings assigned to the tranche of 2.133% notes and the euro-denominated notes on review for downgrade. moody's also assigned a ba1 rating to the bd notes we are offering in exchange of exiting bard notes. upon the closing of the bard acquisition, we expect moody's to downgrade our credit rating to below investment grade.
additionally upon our announcement of the bard agreement, fitch assigned corporate debt ratings to bd for the first time and assigned bd a long-term issuer default rating of bbb- and an outlook of stable. fitch also assigned a bbb- rating to the euro-denominated notes we issued in the third quarter.
there were no changes to bd's long-term debt and commercial paper ratings during 2016. lower corporate debt ratings and further downgrades of our corporate credit ratings or other credit ratings may increase our cost of borrowing. we believe that given our debt ratings, our financial management policies, our ability to generate cash flow and the non-cyclical, geographically diversified nature of our businesses, we would have access to additional short-term and long-term capital should the need arise. a rating reflects only the view of a rating agency and is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. ratings can be revised upward or downward at any time by a rating agency if such rating agency decides that circumstances warrant such a change.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. the table below sets forth bd's significant contractual obligations and related scheduled payments as of september 30, 2017:
unrecognized tax benefits(c)           -                   -                   -                     -             -
(b)   purchase obligations are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital requirements.
(c)   unrecognized tax benefits at september 30, 2017 of $349 million were all long-term in nature. due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of these tax positions, the related liability has been excluded from the table.
(d)   required funding obligations for 2018 relating to pension and other postretirement benefit plans are not expected to be material.
critical accounting policies the following discussion supplements the descriptions of our accounting policies contained in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to use estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex and, consequently, actual results could differ from those estimates. management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for any given estimate or assumption made by management, it is possible that other people applying reasonable judgment to the same facts and circumstances could develop different estimates. actual results that differ from management's estimates could have an unfavorable effect on our consolidated financial statements. management believes the following critical accounting policies reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition some of our sales transactions qualify as multiple-element arrangements which require us to identify separate units of accounting within the arrangement and allocate the transaction consideration across these separate accounting units. for arrangements that include software and non-software elements, the transaction consideration is allocated to the software elements as a group as well as to the individual non-software elements that have been separately identified. the identification of accounting units and the allocation of total transaction consideration for multiple-element arrangements may be subjective and requires a degree of management judgment. management's judgments relative to multiple-element arrangements may affect the timing of revenue recognition.
transaction consideration for separately identified non-software units of accounting within an arrangement is recognized upon the completion of each deliverable based on its relative selling price. when applying the relative selling price method, the selling price of each deliverable is determined based upon the following hierarchy of evidence: vendor-specific objective evidence, which is generally based upon historical prices in stand-alone transactions; third-party evidence, which is generally based on market data on sales of similar products and services, if available; and management's best estimate of selling price. management's best estimate of selling price is generally based upon the following considerations: stand-alone sales prices,
established price lists, costs to produce, profit margins for similar products, market conditions, and customer stratification.
for software and software-related products, we use the relative fair value method to allocate transaction consideration to each unit of accounting; whereby the evidence used in the determination of fair value estimates are based solely on vendor-specific objective evidence. to the extent that vendor specific objective evidence does not exist for delivered elements of the transaction, we apply the residual method.
the revenue allocated to equipment or instruments in multiple-element arrangements is recognized upon transfer of title and risk of loss to the customer. the revenue allocated to extended warranty contracts and software maintenance contracts is deferred and recognized as these deliverables are performed under the arrangement. the majority of deferred revenue relating to extended warranty contracts is generally recognized within a few years whereas deferred revenue relating to software maintenance contracts is generally recognized over a longer period.
accounting for sales-type leases our accounting for sales-type leases, which are primarily associated with dispensing products within our medication management solutions unit, is based upon certain assumptions including the economic life of our leased products and the fair value of our leased products, which is used to determine the interest rate implicit to the lease. these assumptions affect that amount of gross investment in the lease, unearned income, and the sales price that is recognized relative to each sales-type lease transaction. the economic life of our leased products is based on the estimated period during which the leased product is expected to be economically usable, without limitation by the lease term, and includes an estimate of future technological advances.
the fair value of our leased products is estimated on a quarterly basis, based upon transacted cash sales prices during the preceding 12-month period, and represents normal selling price, reflecting any volume or trade discounts that may apply. because our products are sold as part of customized systems to a diverse range of customers, many of which are affiliated with a group purchasing organization or integrated delivery network, there is a wide range of negotiated cash selling prices for our products. accordingly, we stratify our cash selling transactions based on product configuration and customer class to determine an estimate of fair value for each product specific, within determined customer classes. based upon this stratification, we calculate the weighted average selling price of each configured product using the interquartile range methodology and remove outliers from the population of normal cash selling prices, which narrows the range of selling prices within each stratified customer class. the resulting weighted average selling price is the single point estimate of fair value that we use as the normal selling price and this fair value estimate is used to determine the implicit interest rate for each product subject to a sales-type lease arrangement. in certain instances, we do not have sufficient corresponding historical cash selling transactions to support fair values of specific combinations of product configurations and customer classes. in these instances, fair value is estimated by applying the average discount percentage given to the respective customer class, over the trailing 12 months, to the list price of the products whose fair value was not determined using the interquartile range methodology described above. the resulting fair value(s) is then used to derive the implicit rate of the lease. the interest rate implicit to the lease is then used to determine the amount of revenue recognized at the inception of the lease and the revenue recognized over the life of the lease.
our net investment in sales-type leases primarily arises from the leasing of dispensing equipment and as such, the methodology for determining the relating allowance for credit losses is based on the collective population and is not stratified by class or portfolio segment. the allowance for credit losses is based on historical experience loss rates as well as on management's judgments regarding the potential impact of anticipated changes in business practices, market dynamics, and economic conditions. these assumptions are inherently subjective and it is possible that we will experience actual credit losses that are different from our current estimates.
in april 2017, in conjunction with the implementation of a new go-to-market business model for our dispensing business, we amended new and existing leases to provide a limited return option. prior to the amendment these leases were accounted for as sales-type leases in accordance with accounting standards
codification 840, leases, as the typical non-cancellable lease term of 5 years exceeded 75% of the equipment's estimated useful life and the present value of the minimum lease payments exceeded 90% of the equipment's fair value. as sales-type leases, we recognized revenue upon installation of equipment at a customer site based on the present value of the minimum lease payments. as a result of the contract amendment, the amended lease term is shortened and as a result, the majority of leases no longer meet the criteria for recognition as sales-type leases. accordingly, the leases have been classified as operating leases as of the modification date and revenue is generally recognized ratably over the lease term.
accounting for software products we sell and lease products with embedded software and as such, we must evaluate these products to determine if industry-specific revenue recognition requirements apply to these sales transactions. this evaluation process is often complex and subject to significant judgment. if software is considered not essential to the non-software elements of a product but is considered more than incidental to a product as a whole, the product's software elements must be separated from its non-software elements under the requirements relating to multiple-element arrangements. the product's software elements must be accounted for under software industry-specific revenue recognition requirements and the application of these requirements may significantly affect the timing and amount of revenue recognized.
while we have determined that the software embedded in the following product groupings is more than incidental to the products as a whole, the non-software elements (i.e., hardware) and software elements work together to deliver the essential functionality of these products as a whole. as such, the accounting for these product offerings does not fall within the scope of software industry-specific accounting requirements:
•   infusion products (when sold with safety software, patient identification products and certain diagnostic equipment) within our medication management solutions unit;
•   dispensing products within our medication management solutions unit;
•   research and clinical instruments within our biosciences unit.
our standalone software application sales and any related post-contract support related to these sales are accounted for under the software industry-specific revenue recognition requirements.
impairment of assets goodwill and in-process research and development assets are subject to impairment reviews at least annually, or whenever indicators of impairment arise. intangible assets with finite lives, including developed technology, and other long-lived assets, are periodically reviewed for impairment when impairment indicators are present.
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments and we aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2017 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
we generally use the income approach to derive the fair value for impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating future cash flows attributable to the assets and then discounting these cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures our income producing assets. this approach requires significant management judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, appropriate discount rates and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with bd's business plans. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the asset, and potentially result in different impacts to bd's results of operations. actual results may differ from management's estimates.
income taxes bd maintains valuation allowances where it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. changes in valuation allowances are included in our tax provision in the period of change. in determining whether a valuation allowance is warranted, management evaluates factors such as prior earnings history, expected future earnings, carry back and carry forward periods, and tax strategies that could potentially enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset.
bd conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress in a number of tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we record accruals for uncertain tax positions based on the technical support for the positions, our past audit experience with similar situations, and the potential interest and penalties related to the matters. bd's effective tax rate in any given period could be impacted if, upon resolution with taxing authorities, we prevailed in positions for which reserves have been established, or we were required to pay amounts in excess of established reserves.
bd has reviewed its needs in the u.s. for possible repatriation of undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries and, with exception for certain countries, continues to invest foreign subsidiaries earnings outside of the u.s. to fund foreign investments or meet foreign working capital and property, plant and equipment expenditure needs. deferred taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely reinvested. at september 30, 2017, the cumulative amount of such undistributed earnings indefinitely reinvested outside the united states was $9.6 billion. the determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the undistributed earnings is not practicable because of the complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation.
contingencies we are involved, both as a plaintiff and a defendant, in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including, without limitation, product liability, antitrust and environmental matters, as further discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. we assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to these matters as well as potential ranges of probable losses. we establish accruals to the extent probable future losses are estimable (in the case of environmental matters, without considering possible third-party recoveries). a determination of the amount of accruals, if any, for these contingencies is made after careful analysis of each individual issue and, when appropriate, is developed after consultation with outside counsel. the accruals may change in the future due to new developments in each matter or changes in our strategy in dealing with these matters.
given the uncertain nature of litigation generally, we are not able in all cases to estimate the amount or range of loss that could result from an unfavorable outcome of the litigation to which we are a party. in view of these uncertainties, we could incur charges in excess of any currently established accruals and, to the extent available, excess liability insurance. in the opinion of management, any such future charges, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on bd's consolidated results of operations and consolidated net cash flows.
benefit plans we have significant net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit costs that are measured using actuarial valuations. these benefit costs include assumptions for the discount rate. pension benefit costs also include an assumption for the expected return on plan assets. these assumptions have a significant effect on the amounts reported. in addition to the analysis below, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
the discount rate is selected each year based on investment grade bonds and other factors as of the measurement date (september 30). specifically for the u.s. pension plan, we will use a discount rate of 3.73% for 2018, which was based on an actuarially-determined, company-specific yield curve to measure liabilities as
of the measurement date. to calculate the pension expense in 2018, we will apply the individual spot rates along the yield curve that correspond with the timing of each future cash outflow for benefit payments in order to calculate interest cost and service cost. additional disclosures regarding the method to be used in calculating the interest cost and service cost components of pension expense for 2018 are provided in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, although reviewed each year, changes less frequently due to the long-term nature of the assumption. this assumption does not impact the measurement of assets or liabilities as of the measurement date; rather, it is used only in the calculation of pension expense. to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider many factors, including our historical assumptions compared with actual results; benchmark data; expected returns on various plan asset classes, as well as current and expected asset allocations. we will use a long-term expected rate of return on plan assets assumption of 7.25% for the u.s. pension plan in 2018. we believe our discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumptions are appropriate based upon the above factors.
sensitivity to changes in key assumptions for our u.s. pension and other postretirement and postemployment plans are as follows:
•   discount rate - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $5 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on the total u.s. net pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit plan costs. this estimate assumes no change in the shape or steepness of the company-specific yield curve used to plot the individual spot rates that will be applied to the future cash outflows for future benefit payments in order to calculate interest and service cost.
•   expected return on plan assets - a change of plus (minus) 25 basis points, with other assumptions held constant, would have an estimated $3 million favorable (unfavorable) impact on u.s. pension plan costs.
share-based compensation compensation cost relating to share-based payment transactions is recognized in net income using a fair value measurement method. all share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized in the statement of operations as compensation expense (based on their fair values) over the vesting period of the awards. we determine the fair value of certain share-based awards using a lattice-based binomial option valuation model that incorporates certain assumptions, such as the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividend yield and expected life of the options. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for additional discussion.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements bd and its representatives may from time to time make certain forward-looking statements in publicly released materials, both written and oral, including statements contained in filings with the securities and exchange commission, press releases, and our reports to shareholders. forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "plan," "expect," "believe," "intend," "will,", "may", "anticipate," "estimate" and other words of similar meaning in conjunction with, among other things, discussions of future operations and financial performance (including volume growth, sales and earnings per share growth, and cash flows) and statements regarding our strategy for growth, future product development, regulatory approvals, competitive position and expenditures. all statements that address our future operating performance or events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future are forward-looking statements.
the following are some important factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our expectations in any forward-looking statements. for further discussion of certain of these factors, see item 1a. risk factors.
•   weakness in the global economy and financial markets, which could increase the cost of operating our business, weaken demand for our products and services, negatively impact the prices we can charge for our products and services, or impair our ability to produce our products.
•   competitive factors that could adversely affect our operations, including new product introductions (for example, new forms of drug delivery) by our current or future competitors, increased pricing pressure due to the impact of low-cost manufacturers, patents attained by competitors (particularly as patents on our products expire), and new entrants into our markets.
•   our ability to achieve our projected level or mix of product sales, as our earnings forecasts are based on projected sales volumes and pricing of many product types, some of which are more profitable than others.
•   the impact of the medical device excise tax under the patient protection and affordable care act (the "ppaca") in the united states. this tax has been suspended through december 31, 2017, and it is uncertain whether the suspension will be extended beyond that date.
•   fluctuations in the cost and availability of oil-based resins and other raw materials, as well as certain components, used in our products, the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships (particularly with respect to sole-source suppliers), and the potential adverse effects of any disruption in the availability of such items.
•   security breaches of our information technology systems or our products, which could impair our ability to conduct business, result in the loss of bd trade secrets or otherwise compromise sensitive information of bd or its customers, suppliers and other business partners, or of customers' patients, or result in product efficacy or safety concerns for certain of our products.
•   difficulties inherent in product development, including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals in the united states and abroad, obtain intellectual property protection for our products, obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products, or gain and maintain market approval of products, as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights, all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product. delays in obtaining necessary approvals or clearances from the fda or other regulatory agencies or changes in the
•   the impact of business combinations, including any volatility in earnings relating to acquisition-related costs, and our ability to successfully integrate any business we may acquire.
•   our ability to penetrate or expand our operations in emerging markets, which depends on local economic and political conditions, and how well we are able to acquire or form strategic business alliances with local companies and make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities and distribution networks. our international operations also increase our compliance risks, including risks under the foreign corrupt practices act and other anti-corruption laws.
•   political conditions in international markets, including civil unrest, terrorist activity, governmental changes, trade barriers, restrictions on the ability to transfer capital across borders and governmental expropriation of assets. this includes the possible impact of the june 2016 advisory referendum by british voters to exit the european union, which has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the united kingdom and the eu.
•   deficit reduction efforts or other actions that reduce the availability of government funding for healthcare and research, which could weaken demand for our products and result in additional pricing pressures, as well as create potential collection risks associated with such sales.
•   fluctuations in university or u.s. and international governmental funding and policies for life sciences research.
•   fluctuations in the demand for products we sell to pharmaceutical companies that are used to manufacture, or are sold with, the products of such companies, as a result of funding constraints, consolidation or otherwise.
•   the effects of events that adversely impact our ability to manufacture our products (particularly where production of a product line is concentrated in one or more plants) or our ability to source materials or components from suppliers (including sole-source suppliers) that are needed for such manufacturing. in particular, damage to our manufacturing facilities in puerto rico resulting from hurricane maria in september 2017 could adversely impact our revenue and earnings results for fiscal year 2018.
•   pending and potential future litigation or other proceedings adverse to bd, including antitrust, product liability, environmental and patent infringement, and the availability or collectability of insurance relating to any such claims.
•   new or changing laws and regulations affecting our domestic and foreign operations, or changes in enforcement practices, including laws relating to trade, monetary and fiscal policies, taxation (including tax reforms that could adversely impact multinational corporations), sales practices, environmental protection, price controls, and licensing and regulatory requirements for new products and products in the postmarketing phase. in particular, the u.s. and other countries may impose new requirements regarding registration, labeling or prohibited materials that may require us to re-register products already on the market or otherwise impact our ability to market our products. environmental laws, particularly with respect to the emission of greenhouse gases, are also becoming more stringent throughout the world, which may increase our costs of operations or necessitate changes in our manufacturing plants or processes or those of our suppliers, or result in liability to bd.
•   product efficacy or safety concerns regarding our products resulting in product recalls, regulatory action on the part of the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) or foreign counterparts, declining sales and product liability claims, and damage to our reputation. as a result of the carefusion acquisition, we are operating under a consent decree with the fda relating to our u.s. infusion pump business. the consent decree authorizes the fda, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing products, recall products or take other actions, and we may be required to pay significant monetary damages if we fail to comply with any provision of the consent decree.
•   risks relating to our acquisition of carefusion, including our ability to continue to successfully
combine and integrate the carefusion operations in order to fully obtain the anticipated benefits and costs savings from the transaction.
•   risks related to our pending acquisition of bard, including:
◦   the failure to satisfy the conditions to completing the transaction, including obtaining required regulatory approvals.
◦   conditions to obtaining regulatory approval that may place restrictions on the business of the combined company.
◦   our failure to obtain the anticipated benefits and costs savings from the acquisition.
◦   the impact of the additional debt we incurred and the equity and equity-linked securities that we issued to finance the acquisition, including on our credit ratings and costs of borrowing.
•   the effect of adverse media exposure or other publicity regarding bd's business or operations, including the effect on bd's reputation or demand for its products.
•   the effect of market fluctuations on the value of assets in bd's pension plans and on actuarial interest rate and asset return assumptions, which could require bd to make additional contributions to the plans or increase our pension plan expense.
•   our ability to obtain the anticipated benefits of restructuring programs, if any, that we may undertake.
•   issuance of new or revised accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board or the securities and exchange commission.
the foregoing list sets forth many, but not all, of the factors that could impact our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties.