item 1a. risk factors as a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock's business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, fiduciary and investment risks, blackrock's business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company's stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets may cause assets under management ("aum"), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests, could cause:
•   the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;
•   the withdrawal of funds from blackrock's products in favor of products offered by competitors;
•   the rebalancing or reallocating of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.
blackrock's investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients or fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from providing investment advisory services. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock's investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of private investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as a fund's investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its u.s. mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds' respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. blackrock's fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be reduced (including at the behest of a fund's board of directors). in addition, if a number of blackrock's clients terminate their contracts, remove blackrock from advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on favorable terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased competition may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, the level of fees charged, the quality and diversity of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. in addition, the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, have altered the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to fee compression or require blackrock to spend more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with products and services offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory or asset management firms. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market for risk analytics could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics that blackrock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and aladdin clients are an important element of blackrock's competitive success.  aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine risk analytics with portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform.  increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers or a shift in client demand away to standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition, perceived client market share, platform flexibility or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken aladdin's competitive position and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.  in addition, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in aladdin.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock's performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance of such products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
at december 31, 2017, blackrock's net economic investment exposure of approximately $2.1 billion in its investments (see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments and investments of consolidated vies") primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments as well as other minority investments, increase the volatility of blackrock's earnings and cause earnings to decline.
operating risks associated with blackrock's securities lending program may result in client losses.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of blackrock's controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company's clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from the risks of collateral investments), and blackrock may be held liable for any failure to manage any such risks.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. in the event of a borrower default, blackrock would use the collateral pledged by the borrower to repurchase securities out on loan in order to replace them in a client's account. borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower's default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. blackrock requires all borrowers to mark to market their pledged collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities on loan to mitigate the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2017 and subject to indemnification was $200 billion. blackrock held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $214 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2017. significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral pledged and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
while not legally mandated, blackrock may, at its option, from time to time choose to support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. such support may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. losses on such support, as well as regulatory restrictions on the company's ability to provide such support or the failure to have available or devote sufficient capital or liquidity to support products, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased geopolitical unrest could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
terrorist activity and the continued threat of terrorism and acts of civil or international hostility, both within the united states and abroad, as well as heightened security measures in response to these types of acts, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, loss of life, property damage, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. global unrest or conflict or acts of terror, as well as any changes in the current geopolitical environment, may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company's management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks or to competitors may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•   client withdrawals in favor of better performing products;
•   the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients;
•   reduced, minimal or no performance fees;
•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or
•   a decrease in investment returns on seed and co-investment capital.
performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $594 million, or 5%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement pursuant to which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on
cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. the volatility of the company's future revenue and earnings may also be affected due to illiquid alternatives becoming an increasing component of the overall composition of the company's performance fee generating assets. in particular, as blackrock takes on more advisory assignments for illiquid investments, performance fees will generally be recognized over substantially longer multi-year periods than those associated with more liquid products.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment decisions and allocations, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on blackrock's business and reputation.
technology and operational risks a failure in blackrock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could disrupt operations, damage the company's reputation and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover, a significant portion of blackrock's critical business operations are concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock's control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic or other catastrophic event in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth. in addition, despite blackrock's efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the company's ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to reputational harm, regulatory fines and/or sanctions.
a cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses that may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them. an externally caused information security incident, such as a cyber-attack including a phishing scam, virus, or denial-of-service attack, or an internally caused incident, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. moreover, blackrock's increased use of mobile and cloud technologies could heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond blackrock's control. blackrock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt blackrock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available.
there have been a number of recent highly publicized cases involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information, as well as cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments. blackrock has been the target of attempted cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand to create fraudulent websites, and must monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt blackrock's operations and cause financial losses. although blackrock takes protective measures and endeavors to strengthen its computer systems, software, technology assets and networks to prevent and address potential cyber-attacks, there can be no assurance that any of these measures prove effective. moreover, due to the complexity and interconnectedness of blackrock's systems, the process of upgrading or patching the company's protective measures could itself create a risk of security issues or system disruptions for the company, as well as for clients who rely upon, or have exposure to, blackrock's systems.
in addition, due to blackrock's interconnectivity with third-party vendors, advisors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, blackrock may be adversely affected if any of them are subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile technology or a third-party cloud environment. blackrock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. the company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. however, blackrock cannot ensure that it or such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
any information security incident or cyber-attack against blackrock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect aladdin operations and could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
blackrock relies on its ability to maintain a robust and secure technological framework to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. the analytical capabilities of aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into aladdin
analytical calculations.  the failure of these third parties to provide such data or information, or disruption of such information flows, could result in operational difficulties and adversely impact blackrock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and aladdin clients.
continuing enhancements to aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of blackrock's aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, may expose blackrock to heightened cyber- and information-security, operational and data management risks.
the operation of blackrock's aladdin platform routinely involves updating existing capabilities, developing new functionalities and expanding coverage into new markets and geographies, including to address client or regulatory requirements. these activities may expose blackrock to additional cyber- and information-security risks, as well as increased execution, operational and data management risks, particularly in new geographies and markets. in addition, the highly regulated business activities of many aladdin clients may indirectly expose blackrock to heightened regulatory scrutiny. for example, the changing political and regulatory environment in certain jurisdictions in which aladdin clients are based has required blackrock to open new data centers in those jurisdictions in order to host client data in the client's home location. operating new data centers in foreign jurisdictions may expose blackrock to increased operational and information security risks, as well as additional regulatory risks associated with the compliance requirements of such jurisdictions. any failure by blackrock to manage or mitigate risks related to enhancing or expanding its aladdin platform may lead to client attrition, reduced business, reputational harm or regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock's ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its ability to maintain and grow its aum, creditworthiness and operating cash flows. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock's access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services require continued innovative efforts on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. a failure to successfully manage these risks may have an adverse impact on blackrock's reputation or cause the company's costs to fluctuate, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
inorganic transactions may harm the company's competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, making minority investments in early- to mid-stage technological and other ventures and acquiring investment management businesses and other small and medium-sized companies or divisions of companies. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases the assumption of pre-existing liabilities. any failure to identify and mitigate these risks through due diligence and indemnification provisions could adversely impact blackrock's reputation, may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, and may harm the company's competitive position in the investment management industry. moreover, there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate or realize the intended benefits from inorganic transactions.
investments in real assets such as real estate, infrastructure and energy assets may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to new or increased risks and liabilities, as well as reputational harm.
investments in real assets, including real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership and management of such assets. these may include:
•   construction risks, including labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;
•   accidents, adverse weather, force majeure or catastrophic events, such as explosions, fires or terrorist activity beyond blackrock's control;
•   failures on the part of third-party managers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;
•   exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to financial crime, permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;
•   environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, product and waste spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of products, wastes and other pollutants;
•   changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies or fluctuations in the price of commodities;
•   the financial resources of tenants; and
•   contingent liabilities on disposition of assets.
the above risks may expose blackrock's funds and accounts to additional expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation costs, and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by blackrock's clients.  these risks could also result in direct liability for blackrock by exposing blackrock to regulatory sanction or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. similarly, market conditions may change during the course of developments or projects in which blackrock invests that make such development or project less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of blackrock's clients. the occurrence of any such events may expose blackrock to reputational harm, divert management's attention away from blackrock's other business activities or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
operating in international markets increases blackrock's operational, political, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock's extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. operating outside the united states may also expose blackrock to increased compliance risks, as well as higher compliance costs to comply with u.s. and non-u.s. anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and regulations. the failure of the company's systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to human capital the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
many of blackrock's operations are highly complex and are dependent on the company's ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although blackrock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines and applicable rules and regulations or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the company, blackrock's operations are dependent on its employees. from time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to follow protocols, patch systems, or report issues or errors in judgment. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations or result in regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
fraud, the circumvention of controls or the violation of risk management and workplace policies could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
although blackrock seeks to foster a positive workplace culture, has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks, it cannot ensure that its workplace culture or such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks. blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately or recklessly seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud, pay or solicit bribes or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the company's controls, policies, procedures, workplace culture or principles. persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which could cause adverse publicity, costly regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company's ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is competitive, and factors that affect blackrock's ability to attract and retain such employees include the company's reputation and workplace culture, the immigration policies in the jurisdictions in which blackrock has offices, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to its employees is tied to the company's share price. as such, if blackrock's share price were to decrease materially, the retention value of such deferred compensation would decrease. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company's ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
risks related to key third-party relationships the impairment or failure of third parties may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages to many different industries and counterparties, including distributors, brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose the products and accounts blackrock manages to credit risk in the event the
applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may otherwise fail to meet their obligations. any such impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts managed by blackrock, which could lead to the loss of clients and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure of a key vendor to blackrock to fulfill its obligations could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, market data, market indices and transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. blackrock performs focused diligence on its vendors in an effort to ensure they operate in accordance with expectations; however, to the extent any significant deficiencies are uncovered, there may be few, or no, feasible alternative vendors available to blackrock in certain areas.
in addition, blackrock may from time to time transfer key contracts from one vendor to another. for example, blackrock is currently in the process of moving custody services on more than $1 trillion of client assets from state street corp. to jpmorgan chase & co., the migration of which is expected to be complete by the end of 2018. key contract transfers may be costly and complex, and expose blackrock to heightened operational risks.  any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm, as well as financial losses to blackrock and its clients.  the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendor to fulfill its obligations could result in activities inconsistent with clients' investment management agreements, have an adverse financial impact on blackrock products or lead to operational and regulatory issues for the company, which could result in reputational harm or legal liability, fines and/or sanctions and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. blackrock's ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors may impact the company's future performance, and its relationships with distributors are subject to periodic renegotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of blackrock products and services being marketed or distributed. moreover, new fiduciary regulations could lead to significant shifts in distributors' business models and more limited product offerings, potentially resulting in reduced distribution and/or marketing of certain of the company's products and services and fee compression. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully, if it experiences an increase in distribution-related costs, or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings may decline. in addition, improper activities, as well as inadequate anti-money laundering diligence conducted by third-party distributors, could create reputational harm to blackrock.
disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded fund ("etf") platform may adversely affect the prices at which etfs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
blackrock is the largest provider of etfs globally. shares of etfs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the etf's most recent net asset value. the net asset value of an etf is calculated at the end of each business day and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the etf's holdings. the trading price of the etf's shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. while an etf's creation/redemption feature and the arbitrage mechanism are designed to make it more likely that the etf's shares normally will trade at prices close to the etf's net asset value, exchange prices may deviate significantly from the etf's net asset value. etf market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, inability or unwillingness of market markers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an etf's arbitrage mechanism to function effectively, or significant market volatility. although blackrock and other large issuers of etfs are working with market participants to seek to enhance u.s. equity market resiliency, there can be no assurance that structural reforms will be implemented in a timely or effective fashion, or at all. moreover, if market events lead to incidences where etfs trade at prices that deviate significantly from an etf's net asset value, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in etf products and redeem their holdings, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
legal and regulatory risks blackrock is subject to extensive regulation around the world.
blackrock's business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex. in addition, many of blackrock's legal entities may be subject to laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption, money laundering, inappropriate employment practices, illegal payments and engaging in business activities with certain individuals, countries or groups, including but not limited to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, the bank secrecy act and the u.k. bribery act. blackrock is also subject to certain risk retention rules and regulation, as well as regulatory capital requirements, in the united states and abroad, which require the company to maintain capital to support certain of its businesses. to the extent that these rules and regulations become more stringent, or if blackrock is required to hold increased levels of capital to support its businesses, the company's financial performance or plans for growth may be adversely impacted.
blackrock may also be adversely affected by its failure to comply with current laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks, if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to
decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject, see "item 1 - business - regulation."
regulatory reforms in the united states expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
in recent years a number of regulatory reforms have been introduced in the united states, including several that remain proposals or that are at various phases of implementation, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject has increased. in addition, there are numerous potential changes to financial services regulation under current consideration, including reform and repeal initiatives arising out of or in connection with the executive order issued in february 2017 directing the u.s. department of the treasury ("treasury") to identify the extent to which existing laws, treaties, rules, regulations and policies promote, support or inhibit certain core principles for financial regulation set forth in the order (the "executive order"), that may directly or indirectly impact blackrock's business or operating activities.  blackrock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. while blackrock is, or may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the united states, see "item 1 - business - regulation," key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution ("sifi"): the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc") has the authority to designate nonbank financial institutions as sifis. the fsoc's most recent statements generally indicate that it is focused on products and activities, rather than designation, in its review of asset managers. the treasury report on asset management, issued in october 2017 pursuant to the executive order, also expressed this view. in addition, in november 2017, treasury made recommendations concerning the process by which the fsoc designates nonbanks as sifis, further supporting a products and activities approach to addressing risks in asset management. in the event that blackrock is designated as a sifi, under dodd-frank, the federal reserve is charged with establishing enhanced regulatory requirements for nonbank financial institutions and blackrock could become subject to direct supervision by the federal reserve.
•   securities and exchange commission ("sec") rulemakings for us registered funds and investment advisers: the sec is engaged in a period of rule-making in an effort to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry, and registered investment companies in particular. in so doing, it has adopted rules that include (i) new monthly and annual reporting requirements for certain u.s. registered funds; (ii) enhanced reporting regimes for investment advisers; and (iii) implementing liquidity risk management programs for etfs and open-end funds, other than money market funds. these rules, many of which are currently in an implementation period, will increase blackrock's public reporting and disclosure requirements, which could be costly and may impede blackrock's growth. certain other rules impacting investment advisers and u.s. registered funds were proposed (or were under discussion for proposal) by the sec's prior leadership, however the sec's current leadership has indicated that these efforts are not expected to result in any short-term action. in the event the sec moves forward with any such proposals, any new rules, guidance or regulatory initiatives could expose blackrock to additional compliance costs and may require the company to change how it operates its business and/or manages its funds.
•   the volcker rule: provisions of dodd-frank referred to as the "volcker rule" created a new section of the bank holding company act that places limitations on the ability of banks and their subsidiaries to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in and transact with certain private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds and funds of funds (collectively "covered funds"). the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve currently takes the position that pnc's ownership interest in blackrock, which is approximately 22%, causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act. any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule. conformance with the volcker rule may require blackrock to remove its name from the names of its covered funds, and to sell certain seed and co-investments that it holds in those funds, which may occur at a discount to existing carrying value depending on market conditions.
•   revised department of labor ("dol") fiduciary rule: in april 2016, the dol published a new regulation defining the term "fiduciary" for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility provisions of title i of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the prohibited transaction excise tax provisions of the internal revenue code. the substantive provisions of the rule began to apply in june 2017. however, the applicability date of many conditions of the prohibited transaction exemptions accompanying the rule has been delayed until july 2019, while the dol continues its re-examination of the rule and the prohibited transaction exemptions. if the dol does not repeal or revise the rule or revise the prohibited transaction exemptions, the rule could require blackrock to revise a number of its distribution relationships, create compliance and operational challenges for blackrock's distribution partners and may limit blackrock's ability to provide certain useful services and education to its clients.
regulatory reforms in the united states could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's banking, insurance company and pension fund clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
international regulatory reforms expose blackrock and its clients to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
blackrock's business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the united states and the company may be affected by a number of pending regulatory reform initiatives in emea and the asia-pacific region, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty, including:
•   british exit from the european union: following the june 2016 vote to exit the european union ("eu"), the united kingdom served notice under article 50 of the treaty on european union on march 29, 2017 to initiate the process of exiting from the eu, commonly referred to as "brexit". the outcome of the negotiations between the united kingdom and the eu in connection with brexit is highly
uncertain and information regarding the long-term consequences is expected to become clearer over time as negotiations progress. the company continues to prepare for a range of potential outcomes in connection with brexit.
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution: the financial stability board ("fsb") working with the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") is considering potential systemic risk related to asset management; statements made by these organizations have generally indicated that they are, at this time, focused on a products and activities, rather than designation, approach in their review of asset managers. the fsb has indicated that it may develop criteria for designation of nonbank non-insurers in the future to address "residual risks". any measures applied in relation to a g-sifi designation from the fsb would need to be implemented through existing regulatory processes and procedures by relevant national authorities.
•   reform of eu investment markets: the european commission has revised the directive governing the provision of investment services in europe ("mifid") and introduced an associated regulation (together with certain secondary regulation, "mifid ii"). the regulation's requirements apply consistently across the eu, whereas there may be some variation in the application of mifid as between eu member states. the mifid ii reforms, which came into force in january 2018, are substantive, materially changing market transparency requirements and enhancing protections afforded to investors. new disclosure and reporting obligations have been introduced, together with restrictions on how research may be funded and the nature of payments that may be provided to distributors. mifid ii, together with other market structure reforms, will additionally force more derivatives to be traded on-exchange and introduce new commodity derivatives position limits. the broad nature of the mifid ii reforms may impact blackrock's product development, client servicing and distribution models. in particular, additional disclosures are required in respect of costs and fees blackrock charges to certain of its clients. mifid ii may also impact the ability of certain of blackrock's distribution partners to accept commissions. market structure reforms may also impact the way that the company executes investment decisions for client portfolios and reports on such transactions and could have an impact on general market liquidity.
•   revised eu capital requirements: eu regulators are considering how to design an appropriate capital regime for non-systemically important investment firms as the current regime is based on banking requirements and has not been modified for asset managers. in december 2017, the european commission published a legislative proposal addressed to the european parliament and council for a new directive and new regulation on prudential requirements for mifid investment firms. the new legislative package is currently expected to come into effect in 2020 following agreement between the european council and parliament. once implemented, any new requirements could result in significant changes to the methodology used to determine the amount of regulatory capital that blackrock is required to hold in the eu.
•   eu market access: the european commission and certain eu member states have recently advanced a more restrictive approach to the need for "equivalence", which is the process by which the legal, regulatory and/or supervisory system in non-eu member states is recognized by the european commission as comparably effective to that in the eu, thereby allowing such non-eu member states access to the eu single market in financial services. additionally, in september 2017, the european commission issued a proposal to enhance the european supervisory authorities' powers by requiring that all third-country outsourcing, delegation and risk transfer arrangements be assessed by the european securities and markets authority ("esma"). if enacted, the proposal would transfer to esma the ability of eu member states to authorize the outsourcing of asset management activities beyond the eu's borders. the proposal could have a significant impact on asset management firms with operations based outside of the eu, including blackrock, and it may affect the company's ability to delegate fund management and/or costs associated with such delegation.
•   eu money market fund reform: in november 2016, the eu council announced political agreement with the european parliament on certain money market funds reforms that are intended to reduce perceived risks associated with these products. the final text was published in the official journal of the eu in june 2017, starting an 18-month transition period for existing funds to comply. the reforms will limit the use of constant net asset value money market funds to those holding only government debt, and introduce a new category of "low volatility net asset value" money market funds, with both categories of money market funds being subject to reinforced liquidity requirements as well as safeguards such as liquidity fees and redemption gates. they may also reduce the attractiveness of certain money market funds to investors. blackrock is evaluating the reforms and potential impact to its existing constant net asset value money market funds.
•   new disclosures to retail consumers: eu legislators have introduced a new "key information document" ("kid"), which is applicable where a retail consumer is sold packaged retail and insurance-based investment products ("priips") and which came into effect in january 2018. the kid must include specific information on costs, risks and performance. blackrock is required to produce a kid for each fund in scope, as well as to make information available to distribution partners who sell these funds in the eu.
•   increased international regulatory scrutiny: blackrock and its subsidiaries are subject to the authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies outside of the united states. these regulators have imposed numerous regulations, guidelines and standards on the activities of blackrock and its subsidiaries covering a variety of areas, including capital resources requirements, marketing activities, client and investor protections, senior management arrangements, and system and control requirements. in the event that blackrock or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with these often complex guidelines, regulations and standards, the regulators have broad powers to suspend or revoke any licenses they may have granted and/or to impose fines and/or sanctions.
international regulatory reforms could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's internationally-based clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock's activities. certain of blackrock's subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the securities exchange commission, office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ"), dol, commodity futures trading commission, financial conduct authority and federal reserve. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various u.s. and non-u.s. governmental and
regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations or proceedings. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant regulator to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock's funds, other blackrock clients or blackrock's shareholders, which could harm the company's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts.
as blackrock's business continues to grow, the company must routinely address conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients, employees or vendors. in addition, the sec and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts. blackrock has procedures and controls in place that are designed to detect and address these issues. however, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and if the company fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with any conflict of interest, it may face reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or penalties, fines and/or sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to u.s. banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
blackrock's trust bank subsidiary, which is a national banking association chartered by the occ, is subject to occ regulation and capital requirements. the occ has broad supervisory and enforcement authority over blackrock's trust bank. being subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because certain of its competitors are not subject to these limitations. in addition, as described in "item 1-business-regulation", pnc owns approximately 22% of blackrock's capital stock, which may subject blackrock to banking regulation as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc. the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve currently takes the position that this ownership interest causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act.  any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule, that are more restrictive than those the company is subject to under other applicable laws, as well as the enforcement authority of the federal reserve, which includes the power to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations. any effort by blackrock to contest a control determination by the federal reserve may be costly and complex and may not result in a reversal of such determination.
failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result in harm to blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
of note among the various international regulations to which blackrock is subject are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to further enhance its monitoring and reporting functions. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past, and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock has been the subject of third-party commentary citing concerns about index investing and common ownership.
as a leader in the index investing and asset management industry, blackrock has been the subject of third-party commentary citing concerns about the growth of index investing, as well as perceived competition issues associated with asset managers managing stakes in multiple companies within certain industries, known as "common ownership". the commentators argue that index funds have the potential to distort investment flows, create stock price bubbles, or conversely, exacerbate a decline in market prices. additional commentary focuses on competition issues associated with common ownership and purports to link aggregated equity positions in certain concentrated industries managed by asset managers with higher consumer prices and escalating executive compensation, among other things. although there is substantial literature highlighting the benefits of index investing, as well as casting doubt on the assumptions, methodology and conclusions associated with common ownership arguments, some commentators have proposed policy measures in connection with the discourse in this area, including limits on stakes managed by asset managers. if the conclusions advanced by such commentators were to gain traction or result in the enactment of policy measures that place limits on asset managers, blackrock's business operations, reputation or financial condition may be adversely affected.
new tax legislation or changes to existing u.s. and non-u.s. tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to blackrock's historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock's businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by u.s. or non-u.s. authorities. on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") was enacted. over the next few months, as the company finalizes the impact of tax reform and clarifies the potential for future investment opportunities, blackrock intends to reassess its capital management plans for the balance of 2018.
in addition, certain eu member states have enacted financial transaction taxes ("ftts"), which impose taxation on a broad range of financial instrument and derivatives transactions, and the european commission has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes and provide for the adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some (but not all) eu member states. if introduced as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock's financial results and on clients' performance results.
the application of complex tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by blackrock. these challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate and overall financial condition.
risks related to blackrock's significant shareholder pnc owns 22% of blackrock's capital stock. future sales or distributions of blackrock's common stock in the public market by the company or pnc could adversely affect the trading price of blackrock's common stock.
as of december 31, 2017, pnc owned 22% of the company's capital stock. sales or distributions of a substantial number of shares of blackrock's common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales or distributions might occur, may cause the market price of blackrock's common stock to decline.
pnc has agreed to vote as a stockholder in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors, and certain actions will require special board approval or the prior approval of pnc.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pnc has agreed to vote all of its voting shares in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors in accordance with the provisions of its stockholder agreement with blackrock. as a consequence, if the shares held by pnc constitute a substantial portion of the outstanding voting shares, matters submitted to a stockholder vote that require a majority or a plurality of votes for approval, including elections of directors, will have a substantial number of shares voted in accordance with the determination of the blackrock board of directors. this arrangement has the effect of concentrating a significant block of voting control over blackrock in its board of directors, whether or not stockholders agree with any particular determination of the board.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pursuant to blackrock's stockholder agreement with pnc, the following may not be done without prior approval of all of the independent directors, or at least two-thirds of the directors, then in office:
•   any merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction in which beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock would be held by persons different than the persons holding such majority of the total voting power prior to the occurrence of any such merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction, or any sale of all or substantially all assets of blackrock;
•   any acquisition of any person or business which has a consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year that equals or exceeds 20% of blackrock's consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year if such acquisition involves the current or potential issuance of blackrock capital stock constituting more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock issued and outstanding immediately after completion of such acquisition;
•   any acquisition of any person or business constituting a line of business that is materially different from the lines of business blackrock and its controlled affiliates are engaged in at that time if such acquisition involves consideration in excess of 10% of the total assets of blackrock on a consolidated basis;
•   except for repurchases otherwise permitted under the stockholder agreement, any repurchase by blackrock or any subsidiary of shares of blackrock capital stock such that after giving effect to such repurchase blackrock and its subsidiaries shall have repurchased more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock within the 12-month period ending on the date of such repurchase;
•any matter requiring stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the new york stock exchange.
additionally, blackrock may not enter into any of the following transactions without the prior approval of pnc:
•   any sale of any subsidiary of blackrock, the annualized revenue of which, together with the annualized revenue of any other subsidiaries disposed of within the same year, are more than 20% of the annualized revenue of blackrock for the preceding fiscal year on a consolidated basis;
•   for so long as blackrock is deemed a subsidiary of pnc for purposes of the bank holding company act, entering into any business or activity that is prohibited for any such subsidiary under the bank holding company act;
•   any amendment of any provision of a stockholder agreement between blackrock and any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to pnc or materially more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock than to pnc;
•   any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of blackrock's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to the rights of pnc or more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock, or any settlement or consent in a regulatory enforcement matter that would be reasonably likely to cause pnc or any of its affiliates to suffer regulatory disqualification, suspension of registration or license or other material adverse regulatory consequences; or
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
blackrock has previously disclosed risk factors in its securities and exchange commission ("sec") reports. these risk factors and those identified elsewhere in this report, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance and include: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management ("aum"); (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock's investment products; (4) the impact of increased competition; (5) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (6) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (7) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (8) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information and cyber security protection; (9) the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems; (10) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to blackrock or the pnc financial services group, inc. ("pnc"); (11) changes in law and policy and uncertainty pending any such changes; (12) terrorist activities, international hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (13) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (14) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock's economic investments; (15) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (16) blackrock's success in negotiating distribution arrangements and maintaining distribution channels for its products; (17) the failure by a key vendor of blackrock to fulfill its obligations to the company; (18) any disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange-traded funds ("etf") platform; (19) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (20) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, "blackrock" or the "company") is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $6.288 trillion of aum at december 31, 2017. with approximately 13,900 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment, risk management and technology services to institutional and retail clients worldwide.
for further information see business, in part i, item 1 and note 1, introduction and basis of presentation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
acquisitions in june 2017, the company completed the acquisition of the equity infrastructure franchise of first reserve ("first reserve transaction"), expanding the company's energy and power infrastructure platform. in july 2017, the company completed the acquisition of cachematrix ("cachematrix transaction"), a leading provider of financial technology which simplifies the cash management process for banks and their corporate clients in a streamlined, open-architecture platform. in november 2017, the company acquired a minority investment in scalable capital, a digital investment manager in europe.
in november 2017, the company announced that it had entered an agreement to acquire the asset management business of citibanamex, a subsidiary of citigroup inc. this transaction involves approximately $31 billion in aum across local fixed income, equity and multi-asset products. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2018, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. consideration for the transaction will include an upfront cash payment and contingent consideration.
united kingdom exit from european union following the june 2016 vote to exit the european union ("eu"), the united kingdom served notice under article 50 of the treaty on european union on march 29, 2017 to initiate the process of exiting from the eu, commonly referred to as "brexit". the outcome of the negotiations between the united kingdom and the eu in connection with brexit is highly uncertain and information regarding the long-term consequences is expected to become clearer over time as negotiations progress. the company continues to prepare for a range of potential outcomes in connection with brexit.
business outlook blackrock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis.  blackrock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning blackrock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
blackrock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet the needs of its clients in all market environments. blackrock is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active and index investment solutions across asset classes and geographies. in addition, blackrock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics and technology capabilities, including the aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, including investors in ishares etfs, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus.
blackrock's retail strategy is focused on an outcome-oriented approach to creating client solutions, including alpha-seeking active, index and alternative products, enhanced distribution and technology offerings. in the united states, blackrock is leveraging its integrated wholesaler force to further penetrate distribution platforms and gain share among registered investment advisors. internationally, blackrock continues to diversify the range of investment solutions available to clients, penetrate new distribution channels and position effectively for regulatory change.
ishares growth strategy is centered on increasing global ishares market share and driving global market expansion. blackrock intends to achieve these goals by pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments including core investments, fixed income, smart beta, financial instruments and precision exposures.
blackrock believes institutional results will be driven by enhancing blackrock's solutions-oriented approach; deepening client relationships through product diversification and higher value-add capabilities; and leveraging aladdin's analytical and risk management expertise.
blackrock continues to invest in technology and risk management offerings, which enhance the ability to generate alpha, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently.   blackrock's technology portfolio includes aladdin and aladdin risk for wealth management, futureadvisor, cachematrix, as well as minority investments in scalable capital and icapital.
u.s. tax reform on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") was enacted.  the 2017 tax act significantly revises the u.s. tax code, including, but not limited to, (1) reducing the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, (2) requiring companies to pay a one-time tax on certain unrepatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, (3) generally eliminating u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, (4) creating new taxes on certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations, and (5) creating a new limitation on deductible net interest expense. blackrock's results in 2017 included a $1.2 billion net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act comprised of the following amounts:
•   $106 million tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets;
•   $1,758 million noncash tax benefit related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities (which was excluded from as adjusted results); and
•   $477 million tax expense related to the mandatory deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and profits (which was excluded from as adjusted results) and is payable over eight years.
these amounts may require further adjustments as additional guidance from the u.s. department of the treasury is provided, as changes in the company's assumptions occur, and as further information and interpretations become available.
for further information on the 2017 tax act, see note 21, income taxes, in the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
(in millions, except shares and per share data)                                2017                          2016                          2015
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                       (32   )                      (108   )                       (69   )
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                       (32   )                      (108   )                       (70   )
assets under management (end of period)                                                             $6,288,195                    $5,147,852                    $4,645,412
book value per share(3)                                                                                $197.61                       $178.38                       $172.12
(1)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   nonvoting participating preferred shares are considered to be common stock equivalents for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
(3)   total blackrock stockholders' equity, divided by total common and preferred shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.
2017 compared with 2016
gaap.  operating income of $5,272 million increased $702 million and operating margin of 42.2% increased 120 bps from 2016. operating income and operating margin growth primarily reflected higher base fees, performance fees, and technology and risk management revenue, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits, higher volume-related expense, and higher general and administration expense. operating income for 2017 also included approximately $22 million of expense associated with the strategic repositioning of the active equity platform.  operating income for 2016 included a restructuring charge of $76 million in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization. nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("nci"), increased $76 million from 2016 driven by higher net gains on investments.
income tax expense for 2017 included the previously mentioned $1.2 billion net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act, $173 million of discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards, including a $151 million discrete tax benefit reflecting the adoption of new stock-based compensation accounting guidance, and a $16 million noncash tax expense associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities. income tax expense for 2016 included a $30 million net noncash benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including the effect of tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom, and state and local income tax changes. income tax expense for 2016 also included nonrecurring tax benefits of $65 million. see income tax expense within discussion of financial results for more information.
diluted earnings per common share increased $11.19, or 59%, compared with 2016, reflecting the net tax benefit from the 2017 tax act and higher operating income, partially offset by the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted.  operating income of $5,287 million increased $613 million and operating margin of 44.1% increased 40 bps from 2016. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $76 million described above was excluded from as adjusted results for 2016. income tax expense for 2017 excluded the previously described $1,758 million noncash tax benefit and $477 million deemed repatriation tax expense related to the 2017 tax act, and the previously described noncash expense of $16 million. income tax expense for 2016 excluded the previously mentioned net noncash benefit of $30 million. diluted earnings per common share increased $3.31, or 17%, from 2016.
2016 compared with 2015
gaap.  operating income of $4,570 million decreased $94 million from 2015. operating income was impacted by lower performance fees, partially offset by expense discipline and growth in technology and risk management revenue. operating income also reflected a restructuring charge of $76 million recorded in the first quarter of 2016 in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization. operating margin of 41% increased 10 bps from 2015 driven by continued expense discipline. nonoperating income (expense), less nci, decreased $39 million from 2015 due to lower net gains on investments, partially offset by higher interest and dividend income during 2016.  net gains on investments in 2015 included a $40 million noncash gain related to the blackrock kelso capital advisors llc ("bkca") transaction and a $35 million unrealized gain on a private equity investment.
income tax expense for 2016 included a $30 million net noncash tax benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including the effect of tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom, and state and local income tax changes. income tax expense for 2016 also included nonrecurring tax benefits of $65 million. income tax expense for 2015 included a $54 million net noncash benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities and nonrecurring tax benefits of $75 million.
diluted earnings per common share decreased $0.75, or 4%, compared with 2015, reflecting lower nonoperating income and a higher tax rate in 2016, partially offset by the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted.  operating income of $4,674 million decreased $21 million, and operating margin of 43.7% increased 80 bps, from 2015. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $76 million described above was excluded from as adjusted results. income tax expense for 2016 and 2015 excluded the previously described net noncash benefits of $30 million and $54 million, respectively. diluted earnings per common share decreased $0.31, or 2%, from 2015.
see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
for further discussion of blackrock's revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"); however, management believes evaluating the company's ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. management reviews non-gaap financial measures to assess ongoing operations and considers them to be helpful, for both management and investors, in evaluating blackrock's financial performance over time. management also uses non-gaap financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance the comparability of this information for the reporting periods presented. non-gaap measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of blackrock's revenue and expense. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap. non-gaap measures may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.
management uses both gaap and non-gaap financial measures in evaluating blackrock's financial performance. adjustments to gaap financial measures ("non-gaap adjustments") include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock's financial performance over time and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors.
restructuring charge                                                                    -                    76                     -
product launch costs and commissions                                                    -                     -                     5
operating income used for operating margin measurement                             $5,287                $4,674                $4,700
distribution and servicing costs                                                     (492   )              (429   )              (409   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                                     $11,982               $10,692               $10,944
•   operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. the portion of compensation expense associated with certain long-term incentive plans ("ltip") funded, or to be funded, through share distributions to participants of blackrock stock held by pnc has been excluded because it ultimately does not impact blackrock's book value. in 2016, a restructuring charge primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards has been excluded to provide an analysis of blackrock's ongoing operations and to ensure comparability among periods presented. in 2015, compensation expense associated with appreciation (depreciation) on investments related to certain blackrock deferred compensation plans has been excluded, as returns on investments set aside for these plans, which substantially offset this expense, are reported in nonoperating income (expense).
•   operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of product launch costs (e.g. closed-end fund launch costs) and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock's results until future periods.
revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, excludes distribution and servicing costs paid to related parties and other third parties. management believes such costs represent a benchmark for the amount of revenue passed through to external parties who distribute the company's products.  in addition, management believes the exclusion of such costs is useful because it creates consistency in the treatment for certain contracts for similar services, which due to the terms of the contracts, are accounted for under gaap on a net basis within investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue. amortization of deferred sales commissions is excluded from revenue used for operating margin measurement, as adjusted, because such costs, over time, substantially offset distribution fee revenue the company earns. for each of these items, blackrock excludes from revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, the costs related to each of these items as a proxy for such offsetting revenue.
(in millions, except per share data)                  2017                  2016                2015
restructuring charge (including $23 tax benefit)                         -                  53                   -
deferred tax revaluation (noncash)                                  (1,758   )               -                   -
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock's profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
see aforementioned discussion regarding operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, for information on the pnc ltip funding obligation and the restructuring charge.
for each period presented, the non-gaap adjustment related to the restructuring charge and pnc ltip funding obligation was tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. the noncash deferred tax revaluation benefit of $1,758 million and the other income tax matters were primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill. these amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented. a deemed repatriation tax expense of $477 million has been excluded from the 2017 as adjusted results due to the one-time nature and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
(3) nonvoting participating preferred stock is considered to be a common stock equivalent for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
institutional:
total institutional                        3,456,115                     2,911,655                     2,701,629                     55,006                     51,409                    (16,350   )
cash management                              449,949                       403,584                       299,884                     38,259                     29,228                      7,510
equity                                    $3,371,641                    $2,657,176                    $2,423,772                   $130,146             $51,424                           $52,778
currency and commodities(2)                   30,814                        28,308                        20,754                        197                      6,123                      1,045
cash management                              449,949                       403,584                       299,884                     38,259                     29,228                      7,510
aum and net inflows (outflows) by investment style aum                                                           net inflows (outflows)
cash management                              449,949                       403,584                       299,884                     38,259                     29,228                      7,510
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(2)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
the following table presents the component changes in blackrock's aum for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
cash management                               38,259                     29,228                      7,510
acquisitions(2)                                3,264                     80,635                      2,219
market change                                628,901                    326,364                    (57,495   )
total change                               1,140,343                    502,440                     (6,483   )
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(2)   amount for 2017 represents $3.3 billion of aum acquired in the first reserve infrastructure business transaction in june 2017 ("first reserve transaction"). amount for 2016 represents $80.6 billion of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016. amounts for 2015 represent $1.3 billion of aum acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of bkca in march 2015, $560 million of aum acquired in the infraestructura institucional acquisition in october 2015 and $366 million of aum acquired in the futureadvisor acquisition in october 2015. the futureadvisor acquisition amount does not include aum that was held in ishares holdings.
(3)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock has historically grown aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2017
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)            2016                          (outflows)       acquisition(1)              change            impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                 $196,221            $4,145       $-                         $26,598               $6,254                 $233,218   $216,545
equity                                  951,252           174,377                 -                189,472               14,509                1,329,610           1,143,351
institutional:
equity                                  120,699           (13,594   )             -                 25,681                4,399                  137,185             128,133
equity                                1,389,004           (34,782   )             -                283,684               33,722                1,671,628           1,537,730
institutional subtotal                2,911,655            55,006                 3,264            387,492               98,698                3,456,115           3,183,765
cash management                         403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
(1) amount represents aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)                                     2016   (outflows)            acquisition(1)              change            impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                        $275,033   $(18,506          )   $-                         $46,134               $8,548                 $311,209   $293,278
equity                                         951,252           174,377                 -                189,472               14,509                1,329,610           1,143,351
non-etf index equity                                       1,430,891           (25,725   )             -                289,829               35,827                1,730,822           1,589,130
cash management                                403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2017.
december 31,            net                                     market                 fx                december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                   average
(in millions)                 2016                          (outflows)       acquisition(1)      change                    impact(2)   2017                     aum(3)
equity                                    $2,657,176          $130,146       $-                  $525,435                    $58,884               $3,371,641   $3,025,759
currency and commodities(5)                   28,308               197                 -                  1,813                  496                   30,814              30,368
cash management                              403,584            38,259                 -                  1,239                6,867                  449,949             414,835
(1) amount represents aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
(2) foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(5)   amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
aum increased $1.1 trillion to $6.3 trillion at december 31, 2017 from $5.1 trillion at december 31, 2016 driven by net market appreciation, positive net inflows, the impact of foreign exchange movements and aum acquired in the first reserve transaction.
net market appreciation of $628.9 billion was primarily driven by higher u.s. and global equity markets.
aum increased $140.9 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the weakening of the u.s. dollar against the euro and the british pound.
for further discussion on aum, see "part i, item 1 - business - assets under management".
component changes in aum for 2016
the following table presents component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2016.
(in millions)           december 31,            net               acquisition(1)        market                  fx                december 31,          full year
2015              inflows                                   change              impact(2)                 2016               average
equity                             $193,755           $(7,429   )   $-                         $15,456       $(5,561           )             $196,221            $192,311
equity                              823,156            74,914                 -                 56,469                (3,287   )              951,252             849,017
institutional:
equity                              121,442            (7,449   )             -                 11,112                (4,406   )              120,699             119,604
equity                            1,285,419            (8,612   )             -                135,997               (23,800   )            1,389,004           1,307,812
institutional subtotal            2,701,629            51,409                 -                243,784               (85,167   )            2,911,655           2,802,869
cash management                     299,884            29,228                 80,635               430                (6,593   )              403,584             358,498
(1)  amount represents aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style and product type for 2016.
december 31,                            net                                                                   market                             fx                              december 31,                          full year inflows                                                                                                                                                                           average
(in millions)                                  2015                           (outflows)                        acquisition(1)                           change                impact(2)                                           2016                              aum(3)
equity                                                 $281,319                         $(20,230         )             $-                                       $21,045                           $(7,101           )                    $275,033                        $275,656
equity                                                  823,156                           74,914                            -                                    56,469                            (3,287           )                     951,252                          849,017
non-etf index equity                                                1,319,297                           (3,260         )                  -                                   141,520                           (26,666           )                   1,430,891                          1,344,071
cash management                                         299,884                           29,228                            80,635                                  430                            (6,593           )                     403,584                          358,498
the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2016.
december 31,            net                                     market                  fx                    december 31,          full year inflows                                                                                                        average
(in millions)                 2015                     (outflows)            acquisition(1)              change       impact(2)             2016                     aum(3)
equity                                    $2,423,772   $51,424               $-                        $219,034       $(37,054          )               $2,657,176   $2,468,744
currency and commodities(5)                   20,754             6,123                 -                  1,920                  (489   )                   28,308              27,518
cash management                              299,884            29,228                 80,635               430                (6,593   )                  403,584             358,498
(1)  amount represents aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016.
(2)  foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.
(5) amounts include commodity ishares etfs.
aum increased $502.4 billion to $5.1 trillion at december 31, 2016 from $4.6 trillion at december 31, 2015 driven by net market appreciation, positive net inflows and aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange movements.
net market appreciation of $326.4 billion was driven by $219.0 billion from equity products, $82.8 billion from fixed income products and $22.5 billion from multi-asset products across the majority of strategies.
aum decreased $106.8 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, largely against the british pound and the euro.
discussion of financial results introduction blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on predetermined percentages of the market value of aum or percentages of committed capital during investment periods of certain alternative products and are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between blackrock and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. historically, securities lending revenue in the second quarter exceeds revenue in the other quarters during the year driven by higher seasonal demand.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of blackrock's revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on alternative products; however, the third and fourth quarters have a greater number of nonalternative products with performance measurement periods that end on either september 30 or december 31.
blackrock offers investment management technology systems, risk management services, wealth management and digital distribution tools on a fee basis.  clients include banks, insurance companies, official institutions, pension funds, asset managers, retail distributors and other investors. fees earned for technology and risk management revenue are recorded as services are performed and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis.
blackrock advises global financial institutions, regulators, and government entities across a range of risk, regulatory, capital markets and strategic services. fees earned for advisory services, which are included in advisory and other revenue, are determined using fixed-rate fees and recorded upon delivery.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions recognized in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services are recorded on a trade-date basis as securities transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain strategic investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, amortization of deferred sales commissions, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•   employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, deferred and incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.
•   distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments made to third parties, primarily associated with obtaining and retaining client investments in certain blackrock products.
•   direct fund expense primarily consists of third-party nonadvisory expense incurred by blackrock related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, and audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expense directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.
general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional, occupancy and office-related costs, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services), technology, professional services, communications, product launch costs and other general and administration expense, including the impact of foreign currency remeasurement. foreign currency remeasurement (gains) losses were $5 million, $(6) million and $(8) million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
approximately 75% of the company's revenue is generated in u.s. dollars. the company's revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company's considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the united states.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments (excluding available-for-sale investments) and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. other comprehensive income includes changes in valuations related to available-for-sale investments. blackrock primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real assets. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. blackrock does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment funds. the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to blackrock is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
revenue the following table presents revenue for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue:
equity:
equity subtotal                                                                       5,570             4,916             5,140
currency and commodities                                                                 91                83                73
cash management                                                                         558               458               319
investment advisory performance fees:
equity                                                                                  152               102               205
total performance fees                                                                  594               295               621
technology and risk management revenue(1)                                               677               595               528
(1)   beginning with the first quarter of 2017, aladdin revenue previously reported within "blackrock solutions® and advisory" has been presented within "technology and risk management revenue" on the consolidated statement of income. the remaining previously reported "blackrock solutions and advisory" revenue is currently reported as part of "advisory and other revenue." under the historical presentation, blackrock solutions and advisory revenue would have totaled $805 million for 2017. the prior period amounts reported for blackrock solutions and advisory of $714 million and $646 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively, have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
the table below lists the asset type mix of investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue (collectively "base fees") and mix of average aum by product type:
equity:
equity subtotal                       51   %          50   %          52   %              53     %                50     %                53   %
currency and commodities               1   %           1   %           1   %               1     %                 1     %                 -   %
cash management                        5   %           5   %           3   %               7     %                 7     %                 6   %
(1)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.
2017 compared with 2016
revenue increased $1,336 million, or 12%, from 2016, driven by growth in base fees, performance fees, and technology and risk management revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $10,893 million in 2017 increased $1,013 million from $9,880 million in 2016 reflecting the impact of higher markets and organic growth on average aum, and the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction, partially offset by pricing changes to select investment products. securities lending revenue of $597 million in 2017 compared with $579 million in 2016.
investment advisory performance fees were $594 million in 2017 compared with $295 million in 2016. the increase primarily reflected improved performance in hedge fund and long-only equity products.
technology and risk management revenue of $677 million for 2017 increased $82 million from $595 million in 2016 reflecting ongoing demand for aladdin.
advisory and other revenue of $303 million decreased $41 million from $344 million in 2016, reflecting lower earnings from a strategic minority investment and lower fees for distributing certain exchange-traded products.
2016 compared with 2015
revenue decreased $246 million, or 2%, from 2015, driven by lower performance fees, partially offset by higher technology and risk management revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $9,880 million for 2016 increased $40 million from $9,840 million in 2015 reflecting the impact of organic growth and higher markets on average aum, the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction and lower yield-related fee waivers on certain money market funds, partially offset by the impact of divergent beta and mix shift, and the impact of foreign exchange movements. securities lending revenue increased $66 million from 2015 to $579 million in 2016, primarily reflecting an increase in average balances of securities on loan and higher spreads.
investment advisory performance fees were $295 million in 2016 compared with $621 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by lower fees from equity and alternative products, including the impact of the strong performance from a single hedge fund with an annual performance measurement period that ended in the third quarter of 2015.
technology and risk management revenue of $595 million for 2016 increased $67 million from $528 million in 2015 reflecting ongoing demand for aladdin.
expense the following table presents expense for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
employee compensation and benefits                                                 $4,255            $3,880            $4,005
distribution and servicing costs                                                      492               429               409
marketing and promotional                                                             333               325               365
portfolio services                                                                    268               234               221
technology                                                                            203               175               170
communications                                                                         34                38                37
regulatory, filing and license fees                                                    30                21                24
restructuring charge                                                                    -                76                 -
amortization of intangible assets                                                      89                99               128
employee compensation and benefits:
restructuring charge                                                                    -                76                 -
employee compensation and benefits                                                 $4,240            $3,852            $3,974
distribution and servicing costs                                                      492               429               409
amortization of intangible assets                                                      89                99               128
(1)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap expense adjustments.
2017 compared with 2016
gaap. expense increased $634 million, or 10%, from 2016, driven primarily by higher employee compensation and benefits expense, higher volume-related expense, and higher general and administration expense, partially offset by a restructuring charge recorded in 2016.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $375 million, or 10%, to $4,255 million in 2017 from $3,880 million in 2016, reflecting higher incentive compensation, higher headcount, and approximately $20 million of severance and accelerated compensation expense associated with the repositioning of the active equity platform. employees at december 31, 2017 totaled approximately 13,900 compared with approximately 13,000 at december 31, 2016.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $492 million in 2017 compared with $429 million in 2016 reflecting higher average aum and the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction.
general and administration expense increased $161 million from 2016, reflecting higher portfolio services, professional services fees (associated with strategic transactions, mifid implementation, and tax reform), technology expense, operating errors, contingent consideration fair value adjustments and the impact of foreign exchange remeasurement expense.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $723 million, or 11%, to $7,204 million in 2017 from $6,481 million in 2016. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is driven primarily by higher employee compensation and benefit expense, higher volume-related expense and higher general and administration expense.  the restructuring charge recorded in 2016 has been excluded from the as adjusted results.
2016 compared with 2015
gaap. expense decreased $152 million, or 2%, from 2015, reflecting lower compensation and benefits expense, expense discipline and lower amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a restructuring charge recorded in 2016.
employee compensation and benefits expense decreased $125 million, or 3%, to $3,880 million in 2016 from $4,005 million in 2015, reflecting lower incentive compensation, primarily driven by lower performance fees.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $429 million in 2016 compared with $409 million in 2015.
general and administration expense decreased $79 million from 2015, reflecting expense discipline and the impact of higher transaction-related expense recorded in 2015.
restructuring charge of $76 million, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards, was recorded in 2016 in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization.
amortization of intangible assets expense decreased $29 million, or 23%, to $99 million in 2016 from $128 million in 2015, primarily reflecting certain finite-lived intangible assets becoming fully amortized.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, decreased $225 million, or 3%, to $6,481 million in 2016 from $6,706 million in 2015. the decrease in total expense, as adjusted, is primarily attributable to lower employee compensation and benefits expense, expense discipline and lower amortization of intangible assets. the restructuring charge has been excluded from the as adjusted results.
nonoperating results the summary and reconciliation of u.s. gaap nonoperating income (expense) to nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted for 2017, 2016 and 2015 was as follows:
(1)   amounts included gains of $118 million, $16 million and $58 million attributable to consolidated variable interest entities ("vies") for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   management believes nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating contribution to results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap financial measures for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
the components of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)
private equity                                                                                   $21                  $6                 $71
real assets                                                                                       17                   8                  12
other investments(4)                                                                              43                  22                 (18   )
other gains(5)                                                                                     5                   -                  46
total net gain (loss) on investments(1)(2)                                                       124                  57                 109
(2)   management believes nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted, is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating contribution to results. see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap financial measures for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
(3)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions. the prior year periods also included net gains related to opportunistic credit strategies.
(4)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to equity and fixed income investments.
(5)   the amount for 2015 primarily includes a $40 million gain related to the acquisition of certain assets of bkca.
income before income taxes(2)                      $5,240               $4,462              $4,595              $5,255               $4,566              $4,625
(1)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on and reconciliation of as adjusted items.
(3)   gaap income tax expense and effective tax rate for 2017 reflects $1.2 billion of a net tax benefit related to the 2017 tax act.
the company's tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% include the united kingdom, channel islands, ireland and netherlands.
o   $106 million tax expense related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets;
o   $1,758 million noncash tax benefit related to the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and
o   $477 million tax expense related to the mandatory deemed repatriation of undistributed foreign earnings and profits.
o   a noncash expense of $16 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities as a result of domestic state and local tax changes; and
o   $173 million discrete tax benefits, primarily related to stock-based compensation awards, including $151 million related to the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation awards. see note 2, significant accounting policies, for further information.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 29.3% for 2017 excluded the noncash deferred tax revaluation benefit of $1,758 million and noncash expense of $16 million mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented. in addition, the deemed repatriation tax expense of $477 million has been excluded from the as adjusted results due to the one-time nature and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
o   a net noncash benefit of $30 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and
o   a benefit from $65 million of nonrecurring items, including the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 29.6% for 2016 excluded the net noncash benefit of $30 million mentioned above as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
o   a net noncash benefit of $54 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and
o   a benefit from $75 million of nonrecurring items, primarily due to the realization of losses from changes in the company's organizational tax structure and the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters.
the as adjusted effective tax rate of 28.4% for 2015 excluded the net noncash benefit of $54 million mentioned above, as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
balance sheet overview as adjusted balance sheet the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and consolidated sponsored investment funds, including consolidated vies.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or noncontrolling interests that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders' equity or cash flows. management views the as adjusted balance sheet, which contains non-gaap financial measures, as an economic presentation of the company's total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that is a registered life insurance company in the united kingdom, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company's assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral received under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company's assets.
consolidated sponsored investment funds the company consolidates certain sponsored investment funds accounted for as voting rights entities ("vres") and vies, (collectively, "consolidated sponsored investment funds"). see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on the company's consolidation policy.
the company cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents or other assets held by consolidated sponsored investment funds to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company cannot readily sell investments held by consolidated sponsored investment funds in order to obtain cash for use in the company's operations.
(in millions)                                                             gaap               separate                          consolidated sponsored investment funds(2)                           as basis               account                                                                                          adjusted assets/
assets cash and cash equivalents                                               $6,894               $-                                                                       $49                       $6,845
investments                                                              1,981                        -                                                                52                        1,929
assets of consolidated vies:                                                                          -
investments                                                              1,493                        -                                                               268                        1,225
other assets                                                                66                        -                                                                66                            -
separate account assets and collateral held under securities           174,127                        174,127                                                           -                            -
lending agreements other assets(3)                                                          2,204                        -                                                                 1                        2,203
goodwill and intangible assets, net                                     30,609                        -                                                                 -                       30,609
total assets                                                          $220,217               $174,127                                                                $580                      $45,510
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                       $2,153               $-                                                                        $-                       $2,153
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                 1,161                        -                                                                 -                        1,161
liabilities of consolidated vies                                           369                        -                                                               369                            -
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under          174,127                        174,127                                                           -                            -
securities lending agreements deferred income tax liabilities(4)                                       3,538                        -                                                                 -                        3,538
other liabilities                                                        1,564                        -                                                              (255   )                    1,819
total liabilities                                                      187,926                        174,127                                                         114                       13,685
equity total stockholders' equity                                              31,825                        -                                                                 -                       31,825
noncontrolling interests                                                   466                        -                                                               466                            -
total equity                                                            32,291                        -                                                               466                       31,825
total liabilities and equity                                          $220,217               $174,127                                                                $580                      $45,510
(1)   amounts represent segregated client assets generating advisory fees in which blackrock has no economic interest or liability.
(2)   amounts represent the portion of assets and liabilities of consolidated sponsored investment funds attributable to nci.
(3)   amounts include property and equipment and other assets.
(4)   amount includes approximately $3.9 billion of deferred income tax liabilities related to goodwill and intangibles. see note 21, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock's stockholders' equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2017 and 2016 included $63 million and $53 million, respectively, of cash held by consolidated vres (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2017).
accounts receivable at december 31, 2017 increased $584 million from december 31, 2016 primarily due to higher blackrock mutual funds, ishares etfs and performance fee receivables. investments were $1,981 million at december 31, 2017 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets increased $128 million from december 31, 2016, primarily due to the first reserve and cachematrix transactions, partially offset by $89 million of amortization of intangible assets. other assets (including property and equipment) increased $345 million from december 31, 2016, primarily related to an increase in unit trust receivables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust payables recorded within other liabilities), earnings from certain strategic investments, and other assets, partially offset by a decrease in current taxes receivable.
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2017 increased $273 million from december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher 2017 incentive compensation accruals. accounts payable and accrued liabilities at december 31, 2017 increased $281 million from december 31, 2016 due to higher current income taxes payables and increased accruals.
net deferred income tax liabilities at december 31, 2017 decreased $1.3 billion, primarily as a result of revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities due to the 2017 tax act. other liabilities increased $343 million from december 31, 2016, primarily related to an increase in unit trust payables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust receivables recorded within other assets) and contingent liabilities related to the first reserve transaction and uncertain tax positions, partially offset by a decrease in other operating liabilities.
investments and investments of consolidated vies the company's investments and investments of consolidated vies (collectively, "total investments") were $1,981 million and $1,493 million, respectively, at december 31, 2017. total investments include consolidated investments held by sponsored investment funds accounted for as vres and vies. management reviews blackrock's total investments on an "economic" basis, which eliminates the portion of total investments that does not impact blackrock's book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents total investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of total investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net "economic" investment exposure, net of deferred compensation investments and hedged investments, to reflect another helpful measure for investors.  the economic impact of total investments held pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements is offset by a change in compensation expense. the impact of certain investments is substantially mitigated by swap hedges. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock's stockholders' equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company's regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company's net economic investment exposure.
investments, gaap                                      $1,981                $1,595
investments held by consolidated vies, gaap             1,493                 1,008
total investments                                       3,474                 2,603
investments held by consolidated vies                  (1,493   )            (1,008   )
investments held by consolidated vres                    (512   )              (465   )
total investments, as adjusted                          3,154                 2,414
deferred compensation investments                         (56   )               (66   )
hedged investments                                       (587   )              (614   )
total "economic" investment exposure                   $2,122                $1,519
(1)   amount includes $266 million and $108 million of carried interest (vies) as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which has no impact on the company's "economic" investment exposure.
the following table represents the carrying value of the company's economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2017 and 2016:
private equity                                    $331              $334
real assets                                        313                94
other investments(2)                             1,242               846
total "economic" investment exposure            $2,122            $1,519
(2)   other investments primarily include seed investments in fixed income, equity and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies as well as u.k. government securities, primarily held for regulatory purposes.
as adjusted investment activity for 2017 and 2016 was as follows:
total investments, as adjusted, beginning balance                                    $2,414                $2,227
purchases/capital contributions                                                       1,082                 1,234
sales/maturities                                                                       (696   )              (976   )
market appreciation(depreciation)/earnings from equity method investments               240                    82
carried interest capital allocations/(distributions)/acquired                           172                    26
total investments, as adjusted, ending balance                                       $3,154                $2,414
(1)   amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.
liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the consolidated sponsored investment funds. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the consolidated sponsored investment funds, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment funds:
(in millions)                               gaap                     impact on                           cash flows basis                     cash flows                          excluding of consolidated                        impact of sponsored investment funds                 consolidated sponsored investment funds
cash flows from operating activities                                  2,154                              (1,063   )                           3,217
cash flows from investing activities                                   (188   )                            (130   )                             (58   )
cash flows from financing activities                                 (1,685   )                           1,146                              (2,831   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (273   )                               -                                (273   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                   8                                 (47   )                              55
cash flows from operating activities                                  3,828                                (384   )                           4,212
cash flows from investing activities                                   (587   )                             (70   )                            (517   )
cash flows from financing activities                                 (2,630   )                             464                              (3,094   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents            192                                   -                                 192
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                 803                                  10                                 793
sources of blackrock's operating cash primarily include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, revenue from technology and risk management services, advisory and other revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay all operating expense, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock's capital stock, repurchases of the company's stock, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
for details of the company's gaap cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and administration fees, securities lending revenue and performance fees offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive compensation accrued for in the prior year.
cash outflows from investing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, for 2017 were $517 million and primarily reflected $497 million of investment purchases, $155 million of purchases of property and equipment, $73 million related to the first reserve transaction and $29 million related to the cachematrix transaction, partially offset by $205 million of net proceeds from sales and maturities of certain investments.
cash outflows from financing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, for 2017 were $3,094 million, primarily resulting from $1.4 billion of share repurchases, including $1.1 billion in open market-transactions and $321 million of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions, $1.7 billion of cash dividend payments and $700 million of repayments of long-term borrowings, partially offset by $697 million of proceeds from issuance of long-term borrowings.
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. liquidity resources at december 31, 2017 and 2016 were as follows:
credit facility - undrawn                                          4,000                 4,000
total liquidity resources(3)                                     $10,831               $10,038
(1)   the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the company's u.s. subsidiaries was approximately 40% and 50% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see net capital requirements herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.
(2)   the company cannot readily access such cash to use in its operating activities.
(3)   amounts do not reflect a reduction for year-end incentive compensation accruals of approximately $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion for 2017 and 2016, respectively, which are paid in the first quarter of the following year.
total liquidity resources increased $793 million during 2017, primarily reflecting cash flows from operating activities, partially offset by cash payments of 2016 year-end incentive awards, share repurchases of $1.4 billion and cash dividend payments of $1.7 billion.
a significant portion of the company's $3,154 million of total investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
share repurchases. the company repurchased 2.6 million common shares in open market transactions under the share repurchase program for approximately $1.1 billion during 2017. at december 31, 2017, there were 6.4 million shares still authorized to be repurchased.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. ("btc") is chartered as a national bank that does not accept client deposits and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. btc provides investment management services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the office of the comptroller of the currency.
at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the company was required to maintain approximately $1.8 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom, and the company's broker-dealers.  the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as a result of the 2017 tax act and the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on untaxed accumulated foreign earnings, a provisional amount of u.s. income taxes was provided on the undistributed foreign earnings. the financial statement basis in excess of tax basis of its foreign subsidiaries remains indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations. the company will continue to evaluate its capital management plans throughout 2018.
2017 revolving credit facility. the company's credit facility has an aggregate commitment amount of $4.0 billion and was amended in april 2017 to extend the maturity date to april 2022 (the "2017 credit facility"). the 2017 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, increasing the overall size of the 2017 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 billion. interest on borrowings outstanding accrues at a rate based on the applicable london interbank offered rate plus a spread. the 2017 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2017. the 2017 credit facility provides back-up liquidity to fund ongoing working capital for general corporate purposes and various investment opportunities. at december 31, 2017, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2017 credit facility.
commercial paper program.  the company can issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "cp notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4.0 billion.  the commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2017 credit facility. at december 31, 2017, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
long-term borrowings the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2017 included the following:
(in millions)           maturity amount      carrying value       maturity
(1)   the carrying value of the 1.25% notes estimated using foreign exchange rate as of december 31, 2017.
for more information on company's borrowings, see note 12, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies by year of payment at december 31, 2017:
contractual obligations and commitments(1):
investment commitments                                            298                 -             -               -             -                 -           298
total contractual obligations and commitments                     742             1,408           280             999           959             4,334         8,722
contingent payments related to business acquisitions(3)            33               179            39              34             -                 -           285
total contractual obligations, commitments and                   $775            $1,587          $319          $1,033          $959            $4,334        $9,007
(1)   amounts do not include $350 million of cash payment consideration and contingent consideration related to the company's agreement to acquire the asset management business of citibanamex.
(2)   the amount of principal and interest payments for the 2025 notes (issued in euros) represents the expected payment amounts using foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2017.
(3)   the amount of contingent payments reflected for any year represents the expected payments using foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2017. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2017 totaled $236 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
(4)   at december 31, 2017, the company had approximately $365 million of net unrecognized tax benefits. due to the uncertainty of timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, this amount has been excluded from the table above.
operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2043. in connection with certain lease agreements, the company is responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligations table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases and, as such, are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
in may 2017, the company entered into an agreement with 50 hymc owner llc, for the lease of approximately 847,000 square feet of office space located at 50 hudson yards, new york, new york. the term of the lease is twenty years from the date that rental payments begin, expected to occur in may 2023, with the option to renew for a specified term. the lease requires annual base rental payments of approximately $51 million per year during the first five years of the lease term, increasing every five years to $58 million, $66 million and $74 million per year (or approximately $1.2 billion in base rent over its twenty-year term). this lease is classified as an operating lease and, as such, is not recorded as a liability on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2017, the company's obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for portfolio services, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2017.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2017, the company had $298 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment funds, including consolidated vies.  these funds include private equity funds, real assets funds and opportunistic funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments
approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
contingent payments related to business acquisitions. in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets, which may include revenue related to acquired contracts or new capital commitments for certain products.  the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2017 totaled $236 million, including $128 million related to the first reserve transaction, and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
the following items have not been included in the contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies table:
carried interest clawback. as a general partner in certain investment funds, including private equity partnerships and certain hedge funds, the company may receive carried interest cash distributions from the partnerships in accordance with distribution provisions of the partnership agreements. the company may, from time to time, be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a return as specified in the various partnership agreements. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in total investments, or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, and as a deferred carried interest liability/other liabilities of consolidated vies on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fees on consolidated statements of income upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
indemnifications. in the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, blackrock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote and, therefore, has not been included in the table above or recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2017. see further discussion in note 13, commitments and contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
on behalf of certain clients, the company lends securities to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock has issued certain indemnifications to certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a borrower's failure to fulfill its obligations under the securities lending agreement should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower's obligation under the securities lending agreement. at december 31, 2017, the company indemnified certain of its clients for their securities lending loan balances of approximately $200 billion. the company held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $214 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2017. the fair value of these indemnifications was not material at december 31, 2017.
while the collateral pledged by a borrower is intended to be sufficient to offset the borrower's obligations to return securities borrowed and any other amounts owing to the lender under the relevant securities lending agreement, in the event of a borrower default, the company can give no assurance that the collateral pledged by the borrower will be sufficient to fulfill such obligations. if the amount of such pledged collateral is not sufficient to fulfill such obligations to a client for whom the company has provided indemnification, blackrock would be responsible for the amount of the shortfall. these indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall described above, and do not in any way guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the contractual obligations and commitments table above. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2017 totaled $2,153 million and included incentive compensation of $1,499 million, deferred compensation of $350 million and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $304 million. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2018, while the deferred compensation obligations are generally payable over periods of up to three years.
critical accounting policies the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the consolidated financial statements. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
consolidation in the normal course of business, the company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment vehicles. the company performs an analysis for investment products to determine if the product is a vie or a vre. assessing whether an entity is a vie or a vre involves judgment and analysis. factors considered in this assessment include the entity's legal organization, the entity's capital structure and equity ownership, and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. investments that are determined to be vres are consolidated if the company can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. see note 4, consolidated voting rights entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information. investments that are determined to be vies are consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary ("pb") of the entity.
at december 31, 2017, blackrock was determined to be the pb for certain investment funds that were determined to be vies, which required blackrock to consolidate them. blackrock was deemed to be the pb because it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie.  the company generally consolidates vies in which it holds an equity ownership interest of 10% or greater and
deconsolidates such vies once equity ownership falls below 10%.  see note 5, variable interest entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
investments equity method investments. for equity investments where blackrock does not control the investee, and where it is not the pb of a vie, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, the company follows the equity method of accounting. the evaluation of whether the company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees requires significant judgment based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment. factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms and structure of the investment agreement, including investor voting or other rights, the terms of blackrock's advisory agreement or other agreements with the investee, any influence blackrock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the fund's operating documents and the relationship between blackrock and other investors in the entity.
blackrock's equity method investees that are investment companies record their underlying investments at fair value. therefore, under the equity method of accounting, blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income predominantly represents fair value adjustments in the investments held by the equity method investees. blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income or loss is based upon the most currently available information and is recorded as nonoperating income (expense) for investments in investment companies, or as advisory and other revenue for certain strategic investments, which are recorded in other assets, since such investees are considered to be an extension of blackrock's core business.
at december 31, 2017, the company had $816 million and $468 million of equity method investments, included in investments and other assets, respectively, and at december 31, 2016, the company had $730 million and $348 million of equity method investments included in investments and other assets, respectively.
impairments of investments. management periodically assesses equity method, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity and cost investments for other-than-temporary impairment ("otti"). if an otti exists, an impairment charge is recorded in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of income.
for equity method, held-to-maturity and cost method investments, if circumstances indicate that an otti may exist, the investments are evaluated using market values, where available, or the expected future cash flows of the investment. if the company determines an otti exists, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value.
for available-for-sale securities, when the fair value is lower than cost, the company considers, among other factors, the length of time the security has been in a loss position, the extent to which the security's fair value is less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the security's issuer and the company's ability and intent to hold the security for a length of time sufficient to allow for recovery of such unrealized losses. for equity securities, if the impairment is considered other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its fair value. for debt securities, the company considers whether: (1) it has the intent to sell the security; (2) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery; or (3) it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. if the company intends to sell the security or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security, the entire difference between the amortized cost and fair value must be recognized in earnings.  if the company does not intend to sell a security and it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security but the security has suffered an impairment related to credit, the credit loss will be bifurcated from the total decline in value and recorded in earnings with the remaining portion recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
for the company's investments in clos, the company reviews cash flow estimates over the life of each clo investment. on a quarterly basis, if the present value of the estimated future cash flows is lower than the carrying value of the investment and there is an adverse change in estimated cash flows, an impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary. an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value.
evaluation of impairments involves significant assumptions and management judgments, which could differ from actual results, and these differences could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of income.
fair value measurements the company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $2,878 million of total investments will impact the company's nonoperating income (expense), $103 million will impact accumulated other comprehensive income, $195 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $298 million relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2017, changes in fair value of approximately $1,739 million of consolidated vies/vres will impact blackrock's net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock's net exposure to changes in fair value of consolidated vies/vres was $1,419 million.
goodwill and intangible assets the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds as well as collective trust funds without a specified termination date are classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. the assignment of indefinite lives to such investment fund contracts is based upon the assumption there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these funds due to the likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles as they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. finite-lived management contracts and investor/customer relationships, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds with a specified termination date, are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2017, ranged from 1 to 11 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of 6.5 years.
goodwill. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2017 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2017, the company's common stock closed at $513.71, which exceeded its book value of approximately $197.61 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate.
in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant qualitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other factors including: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity's services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (iii) entity-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
for finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense, which was $89 million, $99 million and $128 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. the company determined that no impairment charges were required, the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles were required. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
income taxes deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company's current estimates. at december 31, 2017, blackrock had $629 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $316 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2017, the company had deferred tax assets of $19 million and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $3,538 million on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
the company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company's actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company had current income taxes receivables of approximately $142 million and current income taxes payables of $256 million at december 31, 2017.
for further information on the 2017 tax act, see note 21, income taxes, in the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
revenue recognition investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of the net asset value of aum or committed capital. investment advisory and administration fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. investment advisory and administration fees for investment funds are shown net of fees waived pursuant to contractual expense limitations of the funds or voluntary waivers.
the company contracts with third parties and related parties for various fund distribution and shareholder servicing to be performed on behalf of certain funds the company manages. such arrangements generally are priced as a portion of the fee paid by the fund. in certain cases, the fund (primarily international funds) takes on the primary responsibility for payment for services such that the company bears no credit risk to the third-party. the company currently records its management fees net of retrocessions. the company has additional contracts for similar services with third parties, which due to the terms of the contracts, are recorded as distribution and servicing costs and thus not netted on the consolidated statements of income.
the company earns revenue by lending securities as an agent on behalf of clients, primarily to brokerage institutions. revenue is accounted for on an accrual basis. the securities loaned are secured by collateral, generally ranging from 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or other third-party accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. for 2017, 2016 and 2015, securities lending revenue earned by the company totaled $597 million, $579 million and $513 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
the company receives investment advisory performance fees or incentive allocations, from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds. such fees are recorded upon completion of the measurement period, which varies by product or account, and could be monthly, quarterly, annually or longer.
in addition, the company is allocated carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. blackrock may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations depending upon future performance of these funds. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in total investments or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fee revenue upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
the company records a deferred carried interest liability to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the company had $219 million and $152 million, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities/other liabilities of consolidated vies on the consolidated statements of financial condition. a portion of the deferred carried interest liability will be paid to certain employees. the ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue, if any, for these products is unknown.
the following table presents changes in the deferred carried interest liability (including the portion related to consolidated vies) for 2017 and 2016:
net increase (decrease) in unrealized allocations             75                 37
performance fee revenue recognized                           (21   )            (28   )
acquisition                                                   13                  -
for 2017, 2016 and 2015, performance fee revenue (which included recognized carried interest) totaled $594 million, $295 million and $621 million, respectively.
fees earned for technology and risk management revenue are recorded as services are performed and are generally determined using the value of positions on the aladdin platform or on a fixed-rate basis. for 2017, 2016 and 2016, technology and risk management revenue totaled $677 million, $595 million and $528 million, respectively.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock's investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum and since the company does not record performance fee revenue until performance thresholds have been exceeded and the likelihood of clawback is mathematically improbable.
accounting developments recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted.
revenue from contracts with customers.    in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09"). asu 2014-09 outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. the guidance also changes the accounting for certain contract costs and revises the criteria for determining if an entity is acting as a principal or agent in certain arrangements.
the key changes in the standard that impact the company's revenue recognition relate to the presentation of certain revenue contracts and associated contract costs. the most significant of these changes relates to the presentation of certain distribution costs, which are currently presented net against revenues (contra-revenue) and will be presented as an expense on a gross basis.  the company adopted asu 2014-09 effective january 1, 2018 on a full retrospective basis, which will require 2016 and 2017 to be restated in future filings. the cumulative effect adjustment to the 2016 opening retained earnings was not material. the company currently expects the net gross up to revenue to be approximately $1 billion with a corresponding gross up to expense for both 2016 and 2017. consequently, the company expects its gaap operating margin to decline upon adoption due to the gross up of revenue. however, no material impact is expected on the company's as adjusted operating margin.
for accounting pronouncements that the company adopted during the year ended december 31, 2017 and for additional recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.