item 1a.     risk factors.
risks related to our business if we are not able to successfully complete the integration of our business with that of legacy twc and legacy bright house, the anticipated benefits of the transactions may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected. in such circumstance, we may not perform as expected and the value of charter's class a common stock may be adversely affected.
there can be no assurances that we can successfully complete the integration of our business with that of legacy twc and legacy bright house. we now have significantly more systems, assets, investments, businesses, customers and employees than each company did prior to the transactions. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of customers, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated. the process of integrating legacy twc and legacy bright house with the legacy charter operations requires significant capital expenditures and the expansion of certain operations and operating and financial systems. management continues to devote a significant amount of time and attention to the integration process and there is a significant degree of difficulty and management involvement inherent in that process.
even if the new businesses are successfully integrated, it may not be possible to realize the benefits that are expected to result from the transactions, or realize these benefits within the time frame that is expected. for example, the benefits of our pricing and packaging and converting our video product to all-digital in certain legacy twc and legacy bright house systems may not be fully realized or may take longer than anticipated, or the benefits from the transactions may be offset by costs incurred or
delays in integrating the businesses and increased operating costs. if the combined company fails to realize the anticipated benefits from the transactions, our liquidity, results of operations, financial condition and/or share price may be adversely affected. in addition, at times, the attention of certain members of our management and resources may be focused on the integration of the businesses and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt the business of the combined company.
we operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations and financial results.
the industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. in some instances, we compete against companies with fewer regulatory burdens, better access to financing, greater personnel resources, greater resources for marketing, greater and more favorable brand name recognition, and long-established relationships with regulatory authorities and customers. increasing consolidation in the cable industry and the repeal of certain ownership rules have provided additional benefits to certain of our competitors, either through access to financing, resources, or efficiencies of scale.
our residential video service faces competition from a number of sources, including direct broadcast satellite services, as well as other companies that deliver movies, television shows and other video programming over broadband internet connections to tvs, computers, tablets and mobile devices. our residential internet service faces competition from the phone companies' dsl, ftth and wireless broadband offerings as well as from a variety of companies that offer other forms of online services, including wireless and satellite-based broadband services. our residential voice service and our planned mobile service competes with wireless and wireline phone providers, as well as other forms of communication, such as text messaging on cellular phones, instant messaging, social networking services, video conferencing and email. competition from these companies, including intensive marketing efforts with aggressive pricing, exclusive programming and increased hd broadcasting may have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain customers.
overbuilds could also adversely affect our growth, financial condition, and results of operations, by creating or increasing competition. we are aware of traditional overbuild situations impacting certain of our markets, however, we are unable to predict the extent to which additional overbuild situations may occur.
our services may not allow us to compete effectively. competition may reduce our expected growth of future cash flows which may contribute to future impairments of our franchises and goodwill and our ability to meet cash flow requirements, including debt service requirements. for additional information regarding the competition we face, see "business -competition" and "-regulation and legislation."
we face risks relating to competition for the leisure time and discretionary spending of audiences, which has intensified in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior.
in addition to the various competitive factors discussed above, we are subject to risks relating to increasing competition for the leisure time, shifting consumer needs and discretionary spending of consumers. we compete with all other sources of entertainment, news and information delivery, as well as a broad range of communications products and services. technological advancements, such as new video formats and internet streaming and downloading of programming that can be viewed on televisions, computers, smartphones and tablets, many of which have been beneficial to us, have nonetheless increased the number of entertainment and information delivery choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation.
newer products and services, particularly alternative methods for the distribution, sale and viewing of content will likely continue to be developed, further increasing the number of competitors that we face. the increasing number of choices available to audiences, including low-cost or free choices, could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our products and services, but also advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from us. we compete for the sale of advertising revenue with television networks and stations, as well as other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, online media. our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position and our business and results of operations.
our exposure to the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors and third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, the potential financial instability of our customers and their financial ability to purchase our products. if there were a general economic downturn, we may experience increased cancellations by our customers or unfavorable changes in the mix of products purchased, including an increase in the number of homes that replace their video service with internet-delivered and/or over-air content, which would negatively impact our ability to attract customers, increase rates and maintain or increase revenue. in addition, providing video
services is an established and highly penetrated business. our ability to gain new video subscribers is dependent to a large extent on growth in occupied housing in our service areas, which is influenced by both national and local economic conditions. weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. these events have adversely affected us in the past, and may adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition if a downturn were to occur.
in addition, we are susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely to provide products and services or to which we outsource certain functions. the same economic conditions that may affect our customers, as well as volatility and disruption in the capital and credit markets, also could adversely affect vendors and third parties and lead to significant increases in prices, reduction in output or the bankruptcy of our vendors or third parties upon which we rely. any interruption in the services provided by our vendors or by third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operation and financial condition.
we may encounter unforeseen difficulties as we increase the scale of our service offerings to businesses. we sell internet access, data networking and fiber connectivity to cellular towers and office buildings, and video and business voice services to businesses and have increased our focus on growing this business. in order to grow our commercial business, we expect to continue to invest in technology, equipment and personnel focused on the commercial business. commercial business customers often require service level agreements and generally have heightened customer expectations for reliability of services. if our efforts to build the infrastructure to scale the commercial business are not successful, the growth of our commercial services business would be limited. we depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. as a result, our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. if we are unable to meet these service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. finally, we expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our voice and commercial businesses and operations.
programming costs are rising at a much faster rate than wages or inflation, and we may not have the ability to reduce or moderate the growth rates of, or pass on to our customers, our increasing programming costs, which would adversely affect our cash flow and operating margins.
video programming has been, and is expected to continue to be, our largest operating expense item. in recent years, the cable industry has experienced a rapid escalation in the cost of programming. we expect programming costs to continue to increase due to a variety of factors including amounts paid for broadcast station retransmission consent, annual increases imposed by programmers, including sports programmers, and the carriage of incremental programming, including new services and vod programming. the inability to fully pass programming cost increases on to our customers has had, and is expected in the future to have, an adverse impact on our cash flow and operating margins associated with the video product. we have programming contracts that have expired and others that will expire at or before the end of 2018. there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed on favorable or comparable terms. in addition, a number of programmers have begun to sell their services through alternative distribution channels, including ip-based platforms, which are less secure than our own video distribution platforms. there is growing evidence that these less secure video distribution platforms are leading to video product theft via password sharing among consumers. password sharing may drive down the number of customers who pay for certain programming, putting programmer revenues at risk, and which in turn may cause certain programmers to seek even higher programming fees from us. to the extent that we are unable to reach agreement with certain programmers on terms that we believe are reasonable, we have been, and may be in the future, forced to remove such programming channels from our line-up, which may result in a loss of customers. our failure to carry programming that is attractive to our customers could adversely impact our customer levels, operations and financial results. in addition, if our internet customers are unable to access desirable content online because content providers block or limit access by our customers as a class, our ability to gain and retain customers, especially internet customers, may be negatively impacted.
increased demands by owners of some broadcast stations for carriage of other services or payments to those broadcasters for retransmission consent are likely to further increase our programming costs. federal law allows commercial television broadcast stations to make an election between "must-carry" rights and an alternative "retransmission-consent" regime. when a station opts for the retransmission consent regime, we are not allowed to carry the station's signal without that station's permission. in some cases, we carry stations under short-term arrangements while we attempt to negotiate new long-term retransmission agreements. if negotiations with these programmers prove unsuccessful, they could require us to cease carrying their signals, possibly for an indefinite period. any loss of stations could make our video service less attractive to customers, which could result in less subscription and advertising revenue. in retransmission-consent negotiations, broadcasters often condition consent with respect to one station on carriage of one or more other stations or programming services in which they or their affiliates have an interest.
carriage of these other services, as well as increased fees for retransmission rights, may increase our programming expenses and diminish the amount of capacity we have available to introduce new services, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our inability to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.
we operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. from time to time, we may pursue strategic initiatives, including, for example, our mobile strategy. our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. we may not be able to accurately predict technological trends or the success of new products and services. if we choose technologies or equipment that are less effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers than those chosen by our competitors, if we offer services that fail to appeal to consumers, are not available at competitive prices or that do not function as expected, or we are not able to fund the expenditures necessary to keep pace with technological developments, our competitive position could deteriorate, and our business and financial results could suffer.
the ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer at no additional charge or at a lower price certain products and services that we currently offer to customers separately or at a premium. in addition, the uncertainty of our ability, and the costs, to obtain intellectual property rights from third parties could impact our ability to respond to technological advances in a timely and effective manner.
our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services such as a state of the art user interface in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. in addition, as we launch our new mobile services using virtual network operator rights from a third party, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet pursuant to equipment installation plans. consequently, our growth, financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially.
we depend on third party service providers, suppliers and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired, and our growth, operations, business, financial results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on a limited number of third party service providers, suppliers and licensors to supply some of the services, hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide some of our services. some of our hardware, software and operational support vendors, and service providers represent our sole source of supply or have, either through contract or as a result of intellectual property rights, a position of some exclusivity. if any of these parties breaches or terminates its agreement with us or otherwise fails to perform its obligations in a timely manner, demand exceeds these vendors' capacity, they experience operating or financial difficulties, they significantly increase the amount we pay for necessary products or services, or they cease production of any necessary product due to lack of demand, profitability or a change in ownership or are otherwise unable to provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner, at our specifications and at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services might be materially adversely affected, or the need to procure or develop alternative sources of the affected materials or services might delay our ability to serve our customers. in addition, the existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. these events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers and our operations, business, financial results and financial condition.
our cable systems have historically been restricted to using one of two proprietary conditional access security systems, which we believe has limited the number of manufacturers producing set-top boxes for such systems. as an alternative, we developed a new conditional access security system which can be downloaded into set-top boxes with features we specify that could be provided by a variety of manufacturers. we refer to our specified set-top box as our worldbox. additionally, we are developing technology to allow our two current proprietary conditional access security systems to be software downloadable into our worldbox. in order to realize the broadest benefits of our worldbox technology, we must now complete the support for the downloadable proprietary conditional access security systems within the worldbox. we cannot provide assurances that this implementation will ultimately be successful or completed in the expected timeframe or at the expected budget.
we rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and licenses and other agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. also, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we both develop our own technologies, products and services and rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties. however, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other competitive harm. we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, if at all. in addition, claims of intellectual property infringement could require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, which could require us to change our business practices or offerings and limit our ability to compete effectively. even unsuccessful claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and may divert management's attention and resources away from our business. in recent years, the number of intellectual property infringement claims has been increasing in the communications and entertainment industries, and, with increasing frequency, we are party to litigation alleging that certain of our services or technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
various events could disrupt our networks, information systems or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results.
network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses, such as network management and supplying services to our customers, including customer service operations and programming delivery. network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, "cyber attacks," process breakdowns, denial of service attacks and other malicious activity pose increasing risks. both unsuccessful and successful "cyber attacks" on companies have continued to increase in frequency, scope and potential harm in recent years. while we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as techniques used in such attacks become more sophisticated and change frequently. we, and the third parties on which we rely, may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. while from time to time attempts have been made to access our network, these attempts have not as yet resulted in any material release of information, degradation or disruption to our network and information systems.
our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, natural disasters (including extreme weather arising from short-term or any long-term changes in weather patterns), terrorist attacks and similar events. further, the impacts associated with extreme weather or long-term changes in weather patterns, such as rising sea levels or increased and intensified storm activity, may cause increased business interruptions or may require the relocation of some of our facilities. our system redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities.
any of these events, if directed at, or experienced by, us or technologies upon which we depend, could have adverse consequences on our network, our customers and our business, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers, and damage to our or our customers' equipment and data. large expenditures may be necessary to repair or replace damaged property, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance that we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result. any such significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. any significant loss of customers or revenue, or significant increase in costs of serving those customers, could adversely affect our growth, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors, including customer, personnel and vendor data. we provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our business, and there is a risk that this information may be compromised.
as a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that process, store and transmit large amount of data, including personal information for our customers. we could be exposed to significant costs if such risks
were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation, credibility and business and have a negative impact on our revenue. we could be subject to regulatory actions and claims made by consumers in private litigations involving privacy issues related to consumer data collection and use practices. we also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach.
for tax purposes, charter could experience a deemed ownership change in the future that could limit its ability to use its tax loss carryforwards.
charter had approximately $10.9 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $2.3 billion as of december 31, 2017. these losses resulted from the operations of charter communications holdings company, llc ("charter holdco") and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the twc transaction. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards expire in the years 2018 through 2035. in addition, charter had state tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $359 million as of december 31, 2017. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2018 through 2037.
in the past, charter has experienced ownership changes as defined in section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"). in general, an ownership change occurs whenever the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by 5-percent stockholders (within the meaning of section 382 of the code) increases by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by such 5-percent stockholders at any time over the preceding three years. as a result, charter is subject to an annual limitation on the use of its loss carryforwards which existed at november 30, 2009 for the first ownership change, those that existed at may 1, 2013 for the second ownership change, and those created at may 18, 2016 for the third ownership change. the limitation on charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards, in conjunction with the loss carryforward expiration provisions, could reduce charter's ability to use a portion of its loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, which could result in charter being required to make material cash tax payments. charter's ability to make such income tax payments, if any, will depend at such time on its liquidity or its ability to raise additional capital, and/or on receipt of payments or distributions from charter holdco and its subsidiaries.
if charter were to experience additional ownership changes in the future (as a result of purchases and sales of stock by its 5-percent stockholders, new issuances or redemptions of our stock, certain acquisitions of its stock and issuances, redemptions, sales or other dispositions or acquisitions of interests in its 5-percent stockholders), charter's ability to use its loss carryforwards could become subject to further limitations.
if legacy twc's separation transactions (as defined below), including the distribution (as defined below), do not qualify as tax-free, either as a result of actions taken or not taken by legacy twc or as a result of the failure of certain representations by legacy twc to be true, legacy twc has agreed to indemnify time warner inc. for its taxes resulting from such disqualification, which would be significant.
as part of legacy twc's separation from time warner inc. ("time warner") in march 2009 (the "separation"), time warner received a private letter ruling from the internal revenue service ("irs") and time warner and legacy twc received opinions of tax counsel confirming that the transactions undertaken in connection with the separation, including the transfer by a subsidiary of time warner of its 12.43% non-voting common stock interest in tw ny to legacy twc in exchange for 80 million newly issued shares of legacy twc's class a common stock, legacy twc's payment of a special cash dividend to holders of legacy twc's outstanding class a and class b common stock, the conversion of each share of legacy twc's outstanding class a and class b common stock into one share of legacy twc common stock, and the pro-rata dividend of all shares of legacy twc common stock held by time warner to holders of record of time warner's common stock (the "distribution" and, together with all of the transactions, the "separation transactions"), should generally qualify as tax-free to time warner and its stockholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the ruling and opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from time warner and legacy twc regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, time warner and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions, the irs could determine on audit that the separation transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in the stock ownership of time warner or legacy twc after the distribution.
under the tax sharing agreement among time warner and legacy twc, legacy twc generally would be required to indemnify time warner against its taxes resulting from the failure of any of the separation transactions to qualify as tax-free as a result of (i) certain actions or failures to act by legacy twc or (ii) the failure of certain representations made by legacy twc to be true. in addition, even if legacy twc bears no contractual responsibility for taxes related to a failure of the separation transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment, treasury regulation section 1.1502-6 imposes on legacy twc several liability for all time warner federal income tax obligations relating to the period during which legacy twc was a member of the time warner federal consolidated tax group, including the date of the separation transactions. similar provisions may apply under foreign, state or local law. absent legacy twc causing the separation transactions to not qualify as tax-free, time warner has indemnified legacy twc against such several liability arising from a failure of the separation transactions to qualify for their intended tax treatment.
if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected.
our operational results have depended, and our future results will depend, upon the retention and continued performance of our management team. our ability to retain and hire new key employees for management positions could be impacted adversely by the competitive environment for management talent in the broadband communications industry. the loss of the services of key members of management and the inability or delay in hiring new key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business and our future operational and financial results.
risks related to our indebtedness we have a significant amount of debt and may incur significant additional debt, including secured debt, in the future, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business.
we have a significant amount of debt and may (subject to applicable restrictions in our debt instruments) incur additional debt in the future. as of december 31, 2017, our total principal amount of debt was approximately $69.0 billion.
•   impact our ability to raise additional capital at reasonable rates, or at all;
•   expose us to increased interest expense to the extent we refinance existing debt with higher cost debt;
•   require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operating activities to make payments on our debt, reducing our funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, and other general corporate expenses;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business, the cable and telecommunications industries, and the economy at large;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have proportionately less debt; and
•   adversely affect our relationship with customers and suppliers.
if current debt amounts increase, our business results are lower than expected, or credit rating agencies downgrade our debt limiting our access to investment grade markets, the related risks that we now face will intensify.
the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity.
our credit facilities and the indentures governing our debt contain a number of significant covenants that could adversely affect our ability to operate our business, our liquidity, and our results of operations. these covenants restrict, among other things, our and our subsidiaries' ability to:
•   incur additional debt;
•   repurchase or redeem equity interests and debt;
•   issue equity;
•   make certain investments or acquisitions;
additionally, the charter operating credit facilities require charter operating to comply with a maximum total leverage covenant and a maximum first lien leverage covenant. the breach of any covenants or obligations in our indentures or credit facilities, not otherwise waived or amended, could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness. in addition, the secured lenders under our notes and the charter operating credit facilities could foreclose on their collateral, which includes equity interests in our subsidiaries, and exercise other rights of secured creditors.
risks related to ownership position of liberty broadband corporation and advance/newhouse partnership liberty broadband and a/n have governance rights that give them influence over corporate transactions and other matters.
liberty broadband currently owns a significant amount of charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. a/n currently owns charter class a common stock and a significant amount of membership interests in our subsidiary charter holdings that are convertible into charter class a common stock and is entitled to certain governance rights with respect to charter. members of the charter board of directors include directors who are also officers and directors of liberty broadband and directors who are current or former officers and directors of a/n. dr. john malone is the chairman of liberty broadband, and mr. greg maffei is the president and chief executive officer of liberty broadband. steven miron is the chief executive officer of a/n and michael newhouse is an officer or director of several of a/n's affiliates. as of december 31, 2017, liberty broadband beneficially held approximately approximately 21% of charter's class a common stock (including shares owned by liberty interactive over which liberty broadband holds an irrevocable voting proxy) and a/n beneficially held approximately approximately 13% of charter's class a common stock, in each case assuming the conversion of the membership interests held by a/n. pursuant to the stockholders agreement between liberty broadband, a/n and charter, liberty broadband currently has the right to designate up to three directors as nominees for charter's board of directors and a/n currently has the right to designate up to two directors as nominees for charter's board of directors with one designated director to be appointed to each of the audit committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee, the compensation and benefits committee and the finance committee, in each case provided that each maintains certain specified voting or equity ownership thresholds and each nominee meets certain applicable requirements or qualifications.
in connection with the twc transaction, liberty broadband and liberty interactive entered into a proxy and right of first refusal agreement, pursuant to which liberty interactive granted liberty broadband an irrevocable proxy to vote all charter class a common stock owned beneficially or of record by liberty interactive, with certain exceptions. in addition, at the closing of the bright house transaction, a/n and liberty broadband entered into a proxy agreement pursuant to which a/n granted to liberty broadband a 5-year irrevocable proxy (which we refer to as the "a/n proxy") to vote, subject to certain exceptions, that number of shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock, in each case held by a/n (such shares are referred to as the "proxy shares"), that will result in liberty broadband having voting power in charter equal to 25.01% of the outstanding voting power of charter, provided, that the voting power of the proxy shares is capped at 7.0% of the outstanding voting power of charter. therefore, giving effect to the liberty interactive proxy and the a/n proxy and the voting cap contained in the stockholders agreement, liberty broadband has 25.01% of the outstanding voting power in charter. the stockholders agreement and charter's amended and restated certificate of incorporation fixes the size of the board at 13 directors. liberty broadband and a/n are required to vote (subject to the applicable voting cap) their respective shares of charter class a common stock and charter class b common stock for the director nominees nominated by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the board of directors, including the respective designees of liberty broadband and a/n, and against any other nominees, except that, with respect to the unaffiliated directors, liberty broadband and a/n must instead vote in the same proportion as the voting securities are voted by stockholders other than a/n and liberty broadband or any group which includes any of them are voted, if doing so would cause a different outcome with respect to the unaffiliated directors. as a result of their rights under the stockholders agreement and their significant equity and voting stakes in charter, liberty broadband and/or a/n, who may have interests different from those of other stockholders, will be able to exercise substantial influence over certain matters relating to the governance of charter, including the approval of significant corporate actions, such as mergers and other business combination transactions.
the stockholders agreement provides a/n and liberty broadband with preemptive rights with respect to issuances of charter equity in connection with certain transactions, and in the event that a/n or liberty broadband exercises these rights, holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution.
the stockholders agreement provides that a/n and liberty broadband will have certain contractual preemptive rights over issuances of charter equity securities in connection with capital raising transactions, merger and acquisition transactions, and in certain other circumstances. holders of charter class a common stock will not be entitled to similar preemptive rights with respect to such transactions. as a result, if liberty broadband and/or a/n elect to exercise their preemptive rights, (i) these parties would not experience the dilution experienced by the other holders of charter class a common stock, and (ii) such other holders of charter class a common stock may experience further dilution of their interest in charter upon such exercise.
regulation of the cable industry has increased cable operators' operational and administrative expenses and limited their revenues. cable operators are subject to various laws and regulations including those covering the following:
•   the provisioning and marketing of cable equipment and compatibility with new digital technologies;
•   customer and employee privacy and data security;
•   limited rate regulation of video service;
•   copyright royalties for retransmitting broadcast signals;
•   when a cable system must carry a particular broadcast station and when it must first obtain retransmission consent to carry a broadcast station;
•   the provision of channel capacity to unaffiliated commercial leased access programmers;
•   limitations on our ability to enter into exclusive agreements with multiple dwelling unit complexes and control our inside wiring;
•   equal employment opportunity, emergency alert systems, disability access, technical standards, marketing practices, customer service, and consumer protection; and
•   approval for mergers and acquisitions often accompanied by the imposition of restrictions and requirements on an applicant's business in order to secure approval of the proposed transaction.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses.
as a result of the closing of the transactions, our businesses are subject to the conditions set forth in the fcc order and the doj consent decree and those imposed by state utility commissions and local franchise authorities, and there can be no assurance that these conditions will not have an adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations.
in connection with the transactions, the fcc order, the doj consent decree, and the approvals from state utility commissions and local franchise authorities incorporated numerous commitments and voluntary conditions made by the parties and imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the operation of our business and other matters. among other things, (i) we are not permitted to charge usage-based prices or impose data caps and are prohibited from charging interconnection fees for qualifying parties; (ii) we are prohibited from entering into or enforcing any agreement with a programmer that forbids, limits or creates incentives to limit the programmer's provision of content to ovd and cannot retaliate against programmers for licensing to ovds; (iii) we are not able to avail ourself of other distributors' mfn provisions if they are inconsistent with this prohibition; (iv) we must undertake a number of actions designed to promote diversity; (v) we appointed an independent compliance monitor and comply with a broad array of reporting requirements; and (vi) we must satisfy various other conditions relating to our internet services, including building out an additional two million locations with access to a high-speed connection of at least 60 megabits per second, and implementing a reduced price high-speed internet program for low income families. these and other conditions and commitments relating to the transactions are of varying duration, ranging from three to seven years. in light of the breadth and duration of the conditions and potential changes in market conditions during the time the conditions and commitments are in effect, there can be no assurance that our compliance, and ability to comply, with the conditions will not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
there are ongoing efforts to amend or expand the federal, state, and local regulation of some of the services offered over our cable systems, which may compound the regulatory risks we already face. for example, with respect to our retail broadband internet access service, the fcc has reclassified the service twice in the last few years, with the first change adding regulatory obligations and the second change largely removing those new regulatory obligations. these changes reflect a lack of regulatory certainty in this business area, which may continue as a result of litigation, as well as future legislative or administrative changes.
other potential legislative and regulatory changes could adversely impact our business by increasing our costs and competition and limiting our ability to offer services in a manner that that would maximize our revenue potential. these changes could include, for example, the adoption of new privacy restrictions on our collection, use and disclosure of certain customer information, new data security and cybersecurity mandates that could result in additional network and information security requirements for our business, new restraints on our discretion over programming decisions, including the provision of public, educational and governmental access programming and unaffiliated, commercial leased access programming, new restrictions on the rates we charge for video programming and the marketing of that video programming, changes to the cable industry's compulsory copyright license to carry broadcast signals, new requirements to assure the availability of navigation devices (such as set-top boxes) from third party providers, new universal service fund obligations on our provision of internet service that would add to the cost of that service; increases in government-administered broadband subsidies to rural areas that could result in subsidized overbuilding of our more rural facilities, and changes in the regulatory framework for voip phone service, including the scope of regulatory obligations associated with our voip service and our ability to interconnect our voip service with incumbent providers of traditional telecommunications service.
if any of these pending laws and regulations are enacted, they could affect our operations and require significant expenditures. we cannot predict future developments in these areas, and we are already subject to charter-specific conditions regarding certain internet practices as a result of the fcc's approval of the transactions, but any changes to the regulatory framework for our video, internet or voip services could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
it remains uncertain what rule changes, if any, will ultimately be adopted by congress and the fcc and what operating or financial impact any such rules might have on us, including on our programming agreements, customer privacy and the user experience. in addition, the fcc's enforcement bureau has been actively investigating certain industry practices of various companies and imposing forfeitures for alleged regulatory violations.
our cable system franchises are subject to non-renewal or termination and are non-exclusive. the failure to renew a franchise or the grant of additional franchises in one or more key markets could adversely affect our business.
our cable systems generally operate pursuant to franchises, permits, and similar authorizations issued by a state or local governmental authority controlling the public rights-of-way. many franchises establish comprehensive facilities and service requirements, as well as specific customer service standards and monetary penalties for non-compliance. in many cases, franchises are terminable if the franchisee fails to comply with significant provisions set forth in the franchise agreement governing system operations. franchises are generally granted for fixed terms and must be periodically renewed. franchising authorities may resist granting a renewal if either past performance or the prospective operating proposal is considered inadequate. franchise authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal. in some instances, local franchises have not been renewed at expiration, and we have operated and are operating under either temporary operating agreements or without a franchise while negotiating renewal terms with the local franchising authorities.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all significant provisions of our franchise agreements and certain of our franchisers have from time to time alleged that we have not complied with these agreements. additionally, although historically we have renewed our franchises without incurring significant costs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew, or to renew as favorably, our franchises in the future. a termination of or a sustained failure to renew a franchise in one or more key markets could adversely affect our business in the affected geographic area.
our cable system franchises are non-exclusive. consequently, local and state franchising authorities can grant additional franchises to competitors in the same geographic area or operate their own cable systems. in some cases, local government entities and municipal utilities may legally compete with us on more favorable terms. potential competitors (like google) have recently pursued and obtained local franchises that are more favorable than the incumbent operator's franchise.
tax legislation and administrative initiatives or challenges to our tax and fee positions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate cable systems in locations throughout the united states and, as a result, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of federal, state and local governments. from time to time, various legislative and/or administrative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. there can be no assurance that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. certain states and localities have imposed or are considering imposing new or additional taxes or fees on our services or changing the methodologies or base on which certain fees and taxes are computed. potential changes include additional taxes or fees on our services which could impact our customers, changes to income tax sourcing rules and other changes to general business taxes, central/unit-level assessment of property taxes and other matters that could increase our income, franchise, sales, use and/or property tax liabilities. for example, some local franchising authorities are seeking to impose franchise fee assessments on our broadband internet access service, and more may do so in the future. if they do so, and challenges to such assessments are unsuccessful, it could adversely impact our costs. in addition, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
reference is made to "part i. item 1a. risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements," which describe important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations and non-historical information contained herein. in addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto of charter included in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
overview we are the second largest cable operator in the united states and a leading broadband communications services company providing video, internet and voice services to approximately 27.2 million residential and business customers at december 31, 2017. in addition, we sell video and online advertising inventory to local, regional and national advertising customers and fiber-delivered communications and managed it solutions to large enterprise customers. we also own and operate regional sports networks and local sports, news and community channels and sell security and home management services in the residential marketplace. see "part i. item 1. business - products and services" for further description of these services, including customer statistics for different services.
in the first half of 2017, we completed the roll-out of spp to legacy twc and legacy bright house markets simplifying our offers and improving our packaging of products, allowing us to deliver more value to new and existing customers. as of december 31, 2017, approximately 60% of our residential customers are in an spp package. in the second half of 2017, we began converting the remaining legacy twc and legacy bright house analog markets to an all-digital platform enabling us to deliver more hd channels and higher internet speeds. the bulk of this all-digital initiative will take place in 2018. our corporate organization, as well as our marketing, sales and product development departments, are centralized. field operations are managed through eleven regional areas, each designed to represent a combination of designated marketing areas. in 2017, we began migrating legacy twc and legacy bright house customer care centers to legacy charter's model of using virtualized, u.s.-based in-house call centers. we are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. we intend to continue to insource the legacy twc and legacy bright house workforces in our call centers and in our field operations which we expect to lead to lower customer churn and longer customer lifetimes.
our integration activities will continue in 2018 with the expectation that by 2019 we will have substantially integrated the practices and systems of legacy charter, legacy twc and legacy bright house. in 2018, we will also launch our mobile product. as a result of growth costs for a new product line and implementing our operating strategy across legacy twc and legacy bright house, we cannot be certain that we will be able to grow revenues or maintain our margins at recent historical rates.
the company realized revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations during the periods presented as follows (in millions; all percentages are calculated using whole numbers. minor differences may exist due to rounding).
adjusted ebitda               $15,301               $10,592                $3,406                44.5         %          211.0         %
adjusted ebitda               $15,301               $14,464               $13,004                 5.8         %           11.2         %
(a)   income from operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 has been reduced from what was previously reported by $899 million to reflect the adoption of pension accounting guidance, and on a pro forma basis, income from operations for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 have been reduced from what was previously reported by $915 million and $73 million, respectively. for more information, see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
adjusted ebitda is defined as consolidated net income (loss) plus net interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock compensation expense, loss on extinguishment of debt, (gain) loss on financial instruments, net, other pension benefits, other (income) expense, net and other operating (income) expenses, such as merger and restructuring costs, special charges and gain (loss) on sale or retirement of assets. see "-use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow" for further information on adjusted ebitda and free cash flow.
growth in total revenue, adjusted ebitda and income from operations was primarily due to the transactions. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, total revenue growth was primarily due to growth in our internet and commercial businesses. revenue growth during 2017 was offset by lower advertising sales revenue due to a decrease in political and local advertising and an early contract termination benefit at legacy twc and legacy bright house in 2016. in addition to the items noted above, adjusted ebitda growth on a pro forma basis was affected by increases in programming costs and, in 2017, offset by decreases in costs to service customers and other operating costs and expenses. income from operations on a pro forma basis was additionally affected by increases in depreciation and amortization as well as changes in merger and restructuring costs.
approximately 91%, 90% and 91% of our revenues for years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, are attributable to monthly subscription fees charged to customers for our video, internet, voice and commercial services provided by our cable systems. generally, these customer subscriptions may be discontinued by the customer at any time subject to a fee for certain commercial customers. the remaining 9%, 10% and 9% of revenue for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, is derived primarily from advertising revenues, franchise and other regulatory fee revenues (which are collected by us but then paid to local authorities), vod and pay-per-view programming, installation, processing fees or reconnection fees charged to customers to commence or reinstate service, revenue from regional sports and news channels and commissions related to the sale of merchandise by home shopping services.
we incurred the following transition costs in connection with the transactions (in millions).
capital expenditures          $489                $460                $115
amounts included in transition operating expenses and transition capital expenditures represent incremental costs incurred to integrate the legacy twc and legacy bright house operations and to bring the three companies' systems and processes into a uniform operating structure.  costs are incremental and would not be incurred absent the integration.  other operating expenses associated with the transactions represent merger and restructuring costs and include advisory, legal and accounting fees, employee retention costs, employee termination costs and other exit costs.  interest expense associated with the transactions represents interest incurred on the cco safari ii, cco safari iii and ccoh safari notes issued in advance of the closing of the transactions, the proceeds of which were held in escrow to finance the transactions.
critical accounting policies and estimates certain of our accounting policies require our management to make difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments. management has discussed these policies with the audit committee of charter's board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the following disclosure. we consider the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the estimates, assumptions and judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements, and the uncertainties that could affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows:
•   capitalization of labor and overhead costs
•   litigation
•   pension plans in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimates or judgment that are not deemed critical, such as the allowance for doubtful accounts and valuations of our financial instruments, but changes in estimates or judgment in these other items could also have a material impact on our financial statements.
property, plant and equipment the cable industry is capital intensive, and a large portion of our resources are spent on capital activities associated with extending, rebuilding, and upgrading our cable network. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the net carrying amount of our property, plant and equipment (consisting primarily of cable distribution systems) was approximately $33.9 billion (representing 23% of total assets) and $33.0 billion (representing 22% of total assets), respectively. total capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were approximately $8.7 billion, $5.3 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively.
capitalization of labor and overhead costs. costs associated with network construction or upgrades, initial placement of the customer drop to the dwelling and the initial placement of outlets within a dwelling along with the costs associated with the initial deployment of customer premise equipment necessary to provide video, internet or voice services, are capitalized.  costs capitalized include materials, direct labor and certain indirect costs. these indirect costs are associated with the activities of personnel who assist in installation activities, and consist of compensation and overhead costs associated with these support functions.  while our capitalization is based on specific activities, once capitalized, we track these costs on a composite basis by fixed asset category at the cable system level, and not on a specific asset basis.  for assets that are sold or retired, we remove the estimated applicable cost and accumulated depreciation.  the costs of disconnecting service and removing customer premise equipment from a dwelling and the costs to reconnect a customer drop or to redeploy previously installed customer premise equipment are charged to operating expense as incurred. costs for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating expense as incurred, while plant and equipment replacement, including replacement of certain components, betterments, and replacement of cable drops and outlets, are capitalized.
we make judgments regarding the installation and construction activities to be capitalized. we capitalize direct labor and overhead using standards developed from actual costs and applicable operational data. we calculate standards annually (or more frequently if circumstances dictate) for items such as the labor rates, overhead rates, and the actual amount of time required to perform a capitalizable activity. for example, the standard amounts of time required to perform capitalizable activities are based on studies of the time required to perform such activities. overhead rates are established based on an analysis of the nature of costs incurred
in support of capitalizable activities, and a determination of the portion of costs that is directly attributable to capitalizable activities. the impact of changes that resulted from these studies were not material in the periods presented.
labor costs directly associated with capital projects are capitalized. capitalizable activities performed in connection with installations include such activities as:
•   verification of serviceability to the customer's dwelling or business (i.e., determining whether the customer's dwelling is capable of receiving service by our cable network);
•   customer premise activities performed by in-house field technicians and third-party contractors in connection with the installation, replacement and betterment of equipment and materials to enable video, internet or voice services; and
•   verifying the integrity of the customer's network connection by initiating test signals downstream from the headend to the customer premise equipment, as well as testing signal levels at the utility pole or pedestal.
judgment is required to determine the extent to which overhead costs incurred result from specific capital activities, and therefore should be capitalized. the primary costs that are included in the determination of the overhead rate are (i) employee benefits and payroll taxes associated with capitalized direct labor, (ii) direct variable costs associated with capitalizable activities, (iii) the cost of support personnel, such as care personnel and dispatchers, who assist with capitalizable installation activities, and (iv) indirect costs directly attributable to capitalizable activities.
while we believe our existing capitalization policies are appropriate, a significant change in the nature or extent of our system activities could affect management's judgment about the extent to which we should capitalize direct labor or overhead in the future. we monitor the appropriateness of our capitalization policies, and perform updates to our internal studies on an ongoing basis to determine whether facts or circumstances warrant a change to our capitalization policies. we capitalized direct labor and overhead of $1.7 billion, $991 million and $420 million, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
valuation and impairment of property, plant and equipment. we evaluate the recoverability of our property, plant and equipment upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. such events or changes in circumstances could include such factors as the impairment of our indefinite life assets, changes in technological advances, fluctuations in the fair value of such assets, adverse changes in relationships with local franchise authorities, adverse changes in market conditions, or a deterioration of current or expected future operating results. a long-lived asset is deemed impaired when the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the projected undiscounted future cash flows associated with the asset. no impairments of long-lived assets to be held and used were recorded in the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
we utilize the cost approach as the primary method used to establish fair value for our property, plant and equipment in connection with business combinations.  the cost approach considers the amount required to replace an asset by constructing or purchasing a new asset with similar utility, then adjusts the value in consideration of physical depreciation and functional and economic obsolescence as of the valuation date. the cost approach relies on management's assumptions regarding current material and labor costs required to rebuild and repurchase significant components of our property, plant and equipment along with assumptions regarding the age and estimated remaining useful lives of our property, plant and equipment.
depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment totaled $7.8 billion, $5.0 billion and $1.9 billion for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, representing approximately 21%, 19% and 21% of costs and expenses, respectively. depreciation is recorded using the straight-line composite method over management's estimate of the useful lives of the related assets as listed below:
cable distribution systems                      8-20 years customer premise equipment and installations     3-8 years vehicles and equipment                           4-9 years buildings and improvements                     15-40 years furniture, fixtures and equipment               7-10 years intangible assets valuation and impairment of franchises. the net carrying value of franchises as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $67.3 billion (representing 46% of total assets) and $67.3 billion (representing 45% of total assets), respectively. for more information and a complete discussion of how we value and test franchise assets for impairment, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
we perform an impairment assessment of franchise assets annually or more frequently as warranted by events or changes in circumstances. we performed a qualitative assessment in 2017. our assessment included consideration of a fair value appraisal performed for tax purposes in the beginning of 2017 as of a december 31, 2016 valuation date (the "appraisal") along with a multitude of factors that affect the fair value of our franchise assets. examples of such factors include environmental and competitive changes within our operating footprint, actual and projected operating performance, the consistency of our operating margins, equity and debt market trends, including changes in our market capitalization, and changes in our regulatory and political landscape, among other factors. based on our assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our franchise assets equals or exceeds their carrying values and that a quantitative impairment test is not required.
the appraisal indicated that the fair value of our franchise assets exceeded carrying value by more than 40% in the aggregate. at our unit of accounting level for franchise asset impairment testing, the amount by which fair value exceeded carrying value varied based on the extent to which the unit of accounting was comprised of operations acquired in 2016. for units of accounting comprised entirely or substantially of newly-acquired operations, the appraisal fair value exceeded carrying value by a range of 16% to 46% due to the recency of the transactions, while fair value for units of accounting comprised of at least 25% legacy charter operations, exceeded carrying value by a range of 29% to 264%.
valuation and impairment of goodwill. the net carrying value of goodwill as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $29.6 billion (representing 20% of total assets) and $29.5 billion (representing 20% of total assets), respectively. for more information and a complete discussion on how we test goodwill for impairment, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data." we perform our impairment assessment of goodwill annually as of november 30. as with our franchise impairment testing, we elected to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill in 2017 which included the fair value appraisal and other factors described above. based on the appraisal, we determined that the fair value of our goodwill exceeded carrying value by approximately 53%. given the completion of the assessment and absence of significant adverse changes in factors impacting our fair value estimates, we concluded that it is more likely than not that our goodwill is not impaired.
valuation, impairment and amortization of customer relationships. the net carrying value of customer relationships as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 was approximately $12.0 billion (representing 8% of total assets) and $14.6 billion (representing 10% of total assets), respectively. amortization expense related to customer relationships for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $2.7 billion, $1.9 billion and $249 million, respectively. no impairment of customer relationships was recorded in the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. for more information and a complete discussion on our valuation methodology and amortization method, see note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income taxes as of december 31, 2017, charter had approximately $10.9 billion of federal tax net operating loss carryforwards resulting in a gross deferred tax asset of approximately $2.3 billion. these losses resulted from the operations of charter holdco and its subsidiaries and from loss carryforwards received as a result of the twc transaction. federal tax net operating loss carryforwards
expire in the years 2018 through 2035. in addition, as of december 31, 2017, charter had state tax net operating loss carryforwards, resulting in a gross deferred tax asset (net of federal tax benefit) of approximately $359 million. state tax net operating loss carryforwards generally expire in the years 2018 through 2037.  such tax loss carryforwards can accumulate and be used to offset charter's future taxable income. as of december 31, 2017, all of charter's federal tax loss carryforwards are subject to section 382 and other restrictions. pursuant to these restrictions, charter estimates that approximately $8.7 billion in 2018, $654 million in 2019 and an additional $226 million annually over each of the next five years of federal tax loss carryforwards, should become unrestricted and available for charter's use. an additional $415 million is currently subject to a valuation allowance. charter's state tax loss carryforwards are subject to similar but varying restrictions.
income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 was recognized primarily as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts & jobs act ("tax reform") in december 2017. among other things, the primary provisions of tax reform impacting us are the reductions to the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% and temporary 100% bonus depreciation for certain assets. the change in tax law required us to remeasure existing net deferred tax liabilities using the lower rate in the period of enactment resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $9.3 billion to reflect these changes in the year ended december 31, 2017. we have reported provisional amounts for the income tax effects of tax reform for which the accounting is incomplete but a reasonable estimate could be determined. there were no specific impacts of tax reform that could not be reasonably estimated which we accounted for under prior tax law. based on a continued analysis of the estimates and further guidance on the application of the law, it is anticipated that additional revisions may occur throughout the allowable measurement period. overall, the changes due to tax reform will favorably affect income tax expense on future u.s. earnings.
in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. in evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, management takes into account various factors, including the expected level of future taxable income, available tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary differences. due to legacy charter's history of losses, legacy charter was historically unable to assume future taxable income in its analysis and accordingly valuation allowances were established against the deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, from definite-lived assets for book accounting purposes. however, as a result of the twc transaction in 2016, deferred tax liabilities resulting from the acquisition accounting increased significantly and future taxable income that will result from the reversal of existing temporary differences for which deferred tax liabilities are recognized, is sufficient to conclude it is more likely than not that we will realize substantially all of our deferred tax assets. as a result, in 2016 charter reversed approximately $3.3 billion of its valuation allowance and recognized a corresponding income tax benefit in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2016. approximately $87 million of valuation allowance associated with federal tax net operating loss carryforwards and approximately $50 million of valuation allowance associated with state tax loss carryforwards and other miscellaneous deferred tax assets remains on the december 31, 2017 consolidated balance sheet.
in determining our tax provision for financial reporting purposes, we establish a reserve for uncertain tax positions unless such positions are determined to be "more likely than not" of being sustained upon examination, based on their technical merits. in evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, we presume the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in our financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized when the position is ultimately resolved. there is considerable judgment involved in determining whether positions taken on the tax return are "more likely than not" of being sustained. we adjust our uncertain tax reserve estimates periodically because of ongoing examinations by, and settlements with, the various taxing authorities, as well as changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations.
no tax years for charter, charter holdings or charter holdco for income tax purposes, are currently under examination by the irs. charter and charter holdings' 2016 and 2017 tax years remain open for examination and assessment. legacy charter's tax years ending 2014 through the short period return dated may 17, 2016 remain subject to examination and assessment. years prior to 2014 remain open solely for purposes of examination of legacy charter's loss and credit carryforwards. the irs is currently examining legacy twc's income tax returns for 2011 through 2014. legacy twc's tax year 2015 remains subject to examination and assessment. prior to legacy twc's separation from time warner inc. ("time warner") in march 2009 (the "separation"), legacy twc was included in the consolidated u.s. federal and certain state income tax returns of time warner. the irs is currently examining time warner's 2008 through 2010 income tax returns. time warner's income tax returns for 2005 to 2007, which are periods prior to the separation, were settled with the exception of an immaterial item that has been referred to the irs appeals division. we do not anticipate that these examinations will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. in addition, we are also subject to ongoing examinations of our tax returns by state and local tax authorities for various periods. activity related to these state and local examinations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations during the year ended december 31, 2017, nor do we anticipate a material impact in the future.
litigation legal contingencies have a high degree of uncertainty. when a loss from a contingency becomes estimable and probable, a reserve is established. the reserve reflects management's best estimate of the probable cost of ultimate resolution of the matter and is revised as facts and circumstances change. a reserve is released when a matter is ultimately brought to closure or the statute of limitations lapses. we have established reserves for certain matters. although these matters are not expected individually to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, such matters could have, in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
programming agreements we exercise judgment in estimating programming expense associated with certain video programming contracts. our policy is to record video programming costs based on the substance of our contractual agreements with our programming vendors, which are generally multi-year agreements that provide for us to make payments to the programming vendors at agreed upon market rates based on the number of customers to which we provide the programming service. if a programming contract expires prior to the parties' entry into a new agreement and we continue to distribute the service, we estimate the programming costs during the period there is no contract in place. in doing so, we consider the previous contractual rates, inflation and the status of the negotiations in determining our estimates. when the programming contract terms are finalized, an adjustment to programming expense is recorded, if necessary, to reflect the terms of the new contract. we also make estimates in the recognition of programming expense related to other items including the allocation of consideration exchanged between the parties among the various items in multiple-element transactions.
judgment is also involved when we enter into agreements that result in us receiving cash consideration from the programming vendor, usually in the form of advertising sales, channel positioning fees, launch support or marketing support. in these situations, we must determine based upon facts and circumstances if such cash consideration should be recorded as revenue, a reduction in programming expense or a reduction in another expense category (e.g., marketing).
pension plans we sponsor two qualified defined benefit pension plans, the twc pension plan and the twc union pension plan (collectively, the "twc pension plans"), that provide pension benefits to a majority of legacy twc employees. we also provide a nonqualified defined benefit pension plan for certain employees under the twc excess pension plan. as of december 31, 2017, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the twc pension plans was $3.6 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability of the twc pension plans was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $5 million current liability and $292 million long-term liability. as of december 31, 2016, the accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for the twc pension plans was $3.3 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, and the net underfunded liability of the twc pension plans was recorded as a $1 million noncurrent asset, $6 million current liability and $309 million long-term liability.
pension benefits are based on formulas that reflect the employees' years of service and compensation during their employment period. actuarial gains or losses are changes in the amount of either the benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from changes in assumptions. we have elected to follow a mark-to-market pension accounting policy for recording the actuarial gains or losses annually during the fourth quarter, or earlier if a remeasurement event occurs during an interim period. we use a december 31 measurement date for our pension plans.
we recognized net periodic pension benefits of $1 million and $813 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. net periodic pension benefit or expense is determined using certain assumptions, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rate and mortality assumptions. we determined the discount rate used to compute pension expense based on the yield of a large population of high-quality corporate bonds with cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to settle projected future defined benefit payments. in developing the expected long-term rate of return on assets, we considered the current pension portfolio's composition, past average rate of earnings, and our asset allocation targets. we used a discount rate of 4.20% from january 1, 2017 to september 30, 2017 and 3.88% from october 1, 2017 to december 31, 2017 to compute 2017 pension expense. a decrease in the discount rate of 25 basis points would result in a $173 million increase in our pension plan benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017 and net periodic pension expense recognized in 2017 under our mark-to-market accounting policy. our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to compute 2017 pension expense was 6.50%. a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return of 25 basis points, from 6.50% to 6.25%, while holding all other assumptions constant, would result in an increase in our 2018 net periodic pension expense of approximately $8 million. see note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for additional discussion on these assumptions.
operating costs and expenses (exclusive of items shown separately below)          26,541                    18,655                     6,426
other pension benefits                                                                 1                       899                         -
income tax benefit                                                                 9,087                     2,925                        60
revenues.  total revenues grew $12.6 billion or 43.4% in the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 2016 and grew $19.2 billion or 197.3% in the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 2015. revenue growth primarily reflects the transactions and increases in the number of residential internet and commercial business customers, price adjustments as well as growth in expanded basic video penetration offset by a decrease in limited basic video customers. the transactions increased revenues for the years ended 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods by approximately $11.4 billion and $18.6 billion, respectively. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, total revenue growth was 3.9% and 7.0% for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods.
video revenues consist primarily of revenues from basic and digital video services provided to our residential customers, as well as franchise fees, equipment and video installation revenue. residential video customers decreased by 292,000 in 2017 and, excluding the impacts of the transactions, increased by 42,000 in 2016. the increases in video revenues are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
advertising sales revenues consist primarily of revenues from commercial advertising customers, programmers and other vendors, as well as local cable and advertising on regional sports and news channels. advertising sales revenues increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to the transactions. the transactions increased advertising sales revenues for the years ended 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods by $425 million and $898 million, respectively. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, advertising sales revenues decreased $186 million and increased $172 million during the years ended 2017 and 2016, respectively, as compared to the corresponding prior periods primarily due to political advertising.
regulatory, connectivity and produced content                 597                            1,032
transition costs                                              (32         )   84
on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, increases in our operating costs and expenses, exclusive of items shown separately in the consolidated statements of operations, are attributable to the following (dollars in millions):
regulatory, connectivity and produced content                 (29         )                      28
transition costs                                              (32         )                      84
programming costs consist primarily of costs paid to programmers for basic, digital, premium, vod, and pay-per-view programming. the increase in programming costs on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, is primarily a result of contractual rate adjustments, including renewals and increases in amounts paid for retransmission consents, higher expanded basic video package customers and higher pay-per-view events offset by synergies as a result of the transactions.  we expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers with additional selling power as a result of media consolidation, increased demands by owners of broadcast stations for payment for retransmission consent or linking carriage of other services to retransmission consent, and additional programming, particularly new services. we have been unable to fully pass these increases on to our customers nor do we expect to be able to do so in the future without a potential loss of customers.
costs to service customers decreased $144 million during 2017 as compared to 2016, on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, primarily due to benefits from combining legacy twc and legacy bright house into charter, including lower employee benefit and maintenance costs, higher labor and material capitalization with increases in placement of new customer equipment and improved productivity.
the increase in corporate costs during 2016 as compared to 2015 relates primarily to increases in the number of employees including increases in engineering and it. the increase in advertising sales expense relates primarily to higher advertising sales revenue. stock compensation expense increased during 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to increases in headcount and the value of equity issued.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased by $3.7 billion and $4.8 billion in 2017 and 2016 as compared to the corresponding prior periods primarily as a result of additional depreciation and amortization related to the transactions, inclusive of the incremental amounts as a result of the higher fair values recorded in acquisition accounting and, in 2017, higher capital expenditures.
the changes in merger and restructuring costs is primarily due to approximately $262 million of contingent financing and advisory transaction fees paid at the closing of the transactions in 2016 as well as approximately $279 million and $611 million of employee retention and employee termination costs incurred during 2017 and 2016, respectively. for more information, see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
interest expense, net.  net interest expense increased by $591 million in 2017 from 2016 and by $1.2 billion in 2016 from 2015. the increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 is primarily due to an increase in weighted average debt outstanding of $11.7 billion primarily as a result of the issuance of notes in 2017 for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks. interest expense associated with debt assumed from legacy twc also increased interest expense during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the corresponding period in 2016 by approximately $336 million. the increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily due to an increase of $463 million of interest expense associated with the debt incurred to fund the transactions and $604 million associated with debt assumed from legacy twc.
loss on extinguishment of debt. loss on extinguishment of debt of $40 million, $111 million and $128 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 primarily represents losses recognized as a result of the repurchase of cco holdings notes and amendments to charter operating's credit facilities. for more information, see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
gain (loss) on financial instruments, net. gains and losses on financial instruments are recognized due to changes in the fair value of our interest rate and our cross currency derivative instruments, and the foreign currency remeasurement of the fixed-rate british pound sterling denominated notes (the "sterling notes") into u.s. dollars. for more information, see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other pension benefits. other pension benefits decreased by $898 million during 2017 compared to 2016 and increased $899 million during 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the pension curtailment gain of $675 million and remeasurement gain of $195 million recognized in 2016 as opposed to remeasurement losses of $55 million recognized in 2017. for more information, see note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
other expense, net. other expense, net primarily represents equity losses on our equity-method investments. for more information, see note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
income tax benefit. we recognized income tax benefit of $9.1 billion, $2.9 billion and $60 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 was recognized primarily through the enactment of tax reform which resulted in an income tax benefit of approximately $9.3 billion as well as by approximately $88 million due to the recognition of excess tax benefits resulting from share based compensation as a component of the provision for income taxes following the prospective application of accounting guidance related to employee-share based payments (see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.").
income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2016 was the result of a reduction of substantially all of legacy charter's preexisting valuation allowance associated with its deferred tax assets of approximately $3.3 billion as certain of the deferred tax liabilities that were assumed in connection with the closing of the twc transaction will reverse and provide a source of future taxable income.
the income tax benefit in 2015 was primarily due to the deemed liquidation of charter holdco solely for federal and state income tax purposes, resulting in a $187 million deferred income tax benefit offset by income tax expense primarily through increases in deferred tax liabilities. for more information, see note 17 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest. net income attributable to noncontrolling interest for financial reporting purposes represents a/n's portion of charter holdings' net income based on its effective common unit ownership interest of approximately 10% and on the preferred dividend of $150 million and $93 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. for more information, see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data."
use of adjusted ebitda and free cash flow we use certain measures that are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") to evaluate various aspects of our business. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are non-gaap financial measures and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, consolidated net income (loss) and net cash flows from operating activities reported in accordance with gaap. these terms, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. adjusted ebitda and free cash flow are reconciled to consolidated net income (loss) and net cash flows from operating activities, respectively, below.
adjusted ebitda eliminates the significant non-cash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of our businesses as well as other non-cash or special items, and is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. however, this measure is limited in that it does not reflect the periodic costs of certain capitalized tangible and intangible assets used in generating revenues and our cash cost of financing. these costs are evaluated through other financial measures.
free cash flow is defined as net cash flows from operating activities, less capital expenditures and changes in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures.
management and charter's board of directors use adjusted ebitda and free cash flow to assess our performance and our ability to service our debt, fund operations and make additional investments with internally generated funds. in addition, adjusted ebitda generally correlates to the leverage ratio calculation under our credit facilities or outstanding notes to determine compliance with the covenants contained in the facilities and notes (all such documents have been previously filed with the sec). for the purpose of calculating compliance with leverage covenants, we use adjusted ebitda, as presented, excluding certain expenses paid by our operating subsidiaries to other charter entities. our debt covenants refer to these expenses as management fees, which fees were in the amount of $1.1 billion, $930 million and $322 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
income tax benefit                                              (9,087    )           (2,925    )              (60    )
other pension benefits                                              (1    )             (899    )                -
adjusted ebitda                                                $15,301               $10,592                $3,406
net cash flows from operating activities                       $11,954                $8,041                $2,359
change in accrued expenses related to capital expenditures         820                   603                    28
other pension benefits                           (915     )               (73     )
adjusted ebitda                               $14,464                 $13,004
liquidity and capital resources overview we have significant amounts of debt.  the principal amount of our debt as of december 31, 2017 was $69.0 billion, consisting of $9.5 billion of credit facility debt, $40.6 billion of investment grade senior secured notes and $18.9 billion of high-yield senior unsecured notes. our business requires significant cash to fund principal and interest payments on our debt.
our projected cash needs and projected sources of liquidity depend upon, among other things, our actual results, and the timing and amount of our expenditures. as we launch our new mobile services, we expect an initial funding period to grow a new product as well as negative working capital impacts from the timing of device-related cash flows when we provide the handset or tablet to customers pursuant to equipment installment plans. free cash flow was $4.1 billion, $3.3 billion and $547 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. as of december 31, 2017, the amount available under our credit facilities was approximately $3.6 billion and cash on hand was approximately $621 million. we expect to utilize free cash flow, cash on hand and availability under our credit facilities as well as future refinancing transactions to further extend the maturities of our obligations. the timing and terms of any refinancing transactions will be subject to market conditions among other considerations. additionally, we may, from time to time, and depending on market conditions and other factors, use cash on hand and the proceeds from securities offerings or other borrowings to retire our debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated purchases, tender offers or redemption provisions. we believe we have sufficient liquidity from cash on hand, free cash flow and charter operating's revolving credit facility as well as access to the capital markets to fund our projected cash needs.
we continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. our target leverage remains at 4 to 4.5 times, and up to 3.5 times at the charter operating level. our leverage ratio was 4.5 as of december 31, 2017. we may increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within our target leverage range. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, we purchased approximately 33.4 million and 5.1 million shares, respectively, of charter class a common stock for approximately $11.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. as of december 31, 2017, charter had remaining board authority to purchase an additional $1.1 billion of charter's class a common stock and/or charter holdings common units. charter is not obligated to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the timing of any purchases that may occur cannot be predicted and will largely depend on market conditions and other potential uses of capital. purchases may include open market purchases, tender offers or negotiated transactions.
as possible acquisitions, swaps or dispositions arise, we actively review them against our objectives including, among other considerations, improving the operational efficiency, clustering, product development or technology capabilities of our business and achieving appropriate return targets, and we may participate to the extent we believe these possibilities present attractive opportunities. however, there can be no assurance that we will actually complete any acquisitions, dispositions or system swaps, or that any such transactions will be material to our operations or results.
in december 2016, charter and a/n entered into a letter agreement (the "letter agreement") that requires a/n to sell to charter or to charter holdings, on a monthly basis, a number of shares of charter class a common stock or charter holdings common units that represents a pro rata participation by a/n and its affiliates in any repurchases of shares of charter class a common stock from persons other than a/n effected by charter during the immediately preceding calendar month, at a purchase price equal to
the average price paid by charter for the shares repurchased from persons other than a/n during such immediately preceding calendar month. a/n and charter both have the right to terminate or suspend the pro rata repurchase arrangement on a prospective basis once charter or charter holdings have repurchased shares of class a common stock or charter holdings common units from a/n and its affiliates for an aggregate purchase price of $537 million, which threshold has been met. on december 21, 2017, charter and a/n entered into an amendment to the letter agreement resetting the aggregate purchase price to $400 million. charter holdings purchased from a/n 4.8 million and 0.8 million charter holdings common units at an average price per unit of $347.03 and $289.83, or $1.7 billion and $218 million during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
increase in adjusted ebitda                                                                                     $4,709                        $7,186
increase in capital expenditures                                                                                (3,356         )              (3,485         )
changes in working capital, excluding change in accrued interest, net of effects from acquisitions                (361         )               1,387
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment obligations as of december 31, 2017 under our long-term debt and certain other contractual obligations and commitments (dollars in millions.)
capital and operating lease obligations (c)               1,512                     286                     434         297                   495
programming minimum commitments (d)             164                                 103                      61                     -                         -
(a)   the table presents maturities of long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2017. refer to notes 9 and 20 to our accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a description of our long-term debt and other contractual obligations and commitments.
(c)   we lease certain facilities and equipment under noncancelable capital and operating leases. capital lease obligations represented $123 million of total capital and operating lease obligations as of december 31, 2017. leases and rental costs charged to expense for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, were $321 million, $215 million and $49 million, respectively.
minimum payments. the table sets forth the aggregate guaranteed minimum commitments under our programming contracts.
(e)   "other" represents other guaranteed minimum commitments, including rights negotiated directly with content owners for distribution on company-owned channels or networks, commitments related to our role as an advertising and distribution sales agent for third party-owned channels or networks, commitments to our customer premise equipment vendors and contractual obligations related to third-party network augmentation.
the following items are not included in the contractual obligations table because the obligations are not fixed and/or determinable due to various factors discussed below. however, we incur these costs as part of our operations:
•   we rent utility poles used in our operations. generally, pole rentals are cancelable on short notice, but we anticipate that such rentals will recur. rent expense incurred for pole rental attachments for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $167 million, $115 million and $53 million, respectively.
•   we have $291 million in letters of credit, of which $137 million is secured under the charter operating credit facility, primarily to our various casualty carriers as collateral for reimbursement of workers' compensation, auto liability and general liability claims.
•   minimum pension funding requirements have not been presented in the table above as such amounts have not been determined beyond 2017. we made no cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2017; however, we are permitted to make discretionary cash contributions to the qualified pension plans in 2018. for the nonqualified pension plan, we contributed $18 million during 2017 and will continue to make contributions in 2018 to the extent benefits are paid.
see "part i. item 1. business - transaction-related commitments" for a listing of commitments as a result of the transactions.
historical operating, investing, and financing activities cash and cash equivalents. we held $621 million and $1.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
operating activities.  net cash provided by operating activities increased $3.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to an increase in adjusted ebitda of $4.7 billion offset by an increase in cash paid for interest, net of $761 million as a result of the transactions and long-term debt issued for general corporate purposes including stock buybacks.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $5.7 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in adjusted ebitda of $7.2 billion offset by an increase in cash paid for interest, net of $1.6 billion primarily as a result of the transactions.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, was $8.1 billion, $11.3 billion and $17.0 billion, respectively. the changes in cash used were primarily due to the acquisition of legacy twc and legacy bright house in 2016 as well as increases in capital expenditures as a result of the transactions.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities increased $9.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily due to increases in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest as well as a decrease in equity issued offset by an increase in borrowings of long-term debt exceeding repayments.
net cash provided in financing activities decreased $9.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to a decrease in borrowings of long-term debt exceeding repayments as well as increases in the purchase of treasury stock and noncontrolling interest offset by an increase in equity issued for the acquisition of legacy twc and legacy bright house in 2016.
capital expenditures we have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements.  capital expenditures were $8.7 billion, $5.3 billion and $1.8 billion for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  the increase was driven by the transactions. on a pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, the increase during 2017 as compared to 2016 was driven
by higher cpe purchases for spp, our all-digital initiative and early inventory purchases to operationally stage 2018 activity, higher support capital investments and line extensions. see the table below for more details.
the actual amount of our capital expenditures in 2018 will depend on a number of factors, including our all-digital transition in the legacy twc and legacy bright house markets, further spend related to product development and growth rates of both our residential and commercial businesses.
our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. in addition, our accrued liabilities related to capital expenditures increased by $820 million, $603 million and $28 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the following tables present our major capital expenditures categories on an actual and pro forma basis, assuming the transactions occurred as of january 1, 2015, in accordance with national cable and telecommunications association ("ncta") disclosure guidelines for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. the disclosure is intended to provide more consistency in the reporting of capital expenditures among peer companies in the cable industry. these disclosure guidelines are not required disclosures under gaap, nor do they impact our accounting for capital expenditures under gaap (dollars in millions):
support capital (e)                                      1,541                   894                   413
total capital expenditures                              $8,681                $5,325                $1,840
capital expenditures included in total related to:
transition (f)                                            $489                  $460                  $115
support capital (e)                  1,160                   1,046
total capital expenditures          $7,545                  $6,969
(a)   customer premise equipment includes costs incurred at the customer residence to secure new customers and revenue generating units. it also includes customer installation costs and customer premise equipment (e.g., set-top boxes and cable modems).
(b)   scalable infrastructure includes costs not related to customer premise equipment, to secure growth of new customers and revenue generating units, or provide service enhancements (e.g., headend equipment).
(c)   line extensions include network costs associated with entering new service areas (e.g., fiber/coaxial cable, amplifiers, electronic equipment, make-ready and design engineering).
(e)   support capital includes costs associated with the replacement or enhancement of non-network assets due to technological and physical obsolescence (e.g., non-network equipment, land, buildings and vehicles).
(f)   transition represents incremental costs incurred to integrate the legacy twc and legacy bright house operations and to bring the three companies' systems and processes into a uniform operating structure.
principal amount              accreted value (a)   interest payment dates   maturity date (b)
credit facilities           9,479                          9,387                                                varies time warner cable, llc:
(a)   the accreted values presented in the table above represent the principal amount of the debt less the original issue discount at the time of sale, deferred financing costs, and, in regards to the legacy twc debt assumed, fair value premium adjustments as a result of applying acquisition accounting plus the accretion of those amounts to the balance sheet date. however, the amount that is currently payable if the debt becomes immediately due is equal to the principal amount of the debt. in regards to the sterling notes, the principal amount of the debt and any premium or discount is remeasured into us dollars as of each balance sheet date. we have availability under our credit facilities of approximately $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2017.
(b)   in general, the obligors have the right to redeem all of the notes set forth in the above table in whole or in part at their option, beginning at various times prior to their stated maturity dates, subject to certain conditions, upon the payment of the outstanding principal amount (plus a specified redemption premium) and all accrued and unpaid interest.
see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for further details regarding our outstanding debt and other financing arrangements, including certain information about maturities, covenants and restrictions related to such debt and financing arrangements. the agreements and instruments governing our debt and financing arrangements are complicated and you should consult such agreements and instruments which are filed with the sec for more detailed information.
at december 31, 2017, charter operating had a consolidated leverage ratio of approximately 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated first lien leverage ratio of 2.9 to 1.0. both ratios are in compliance with the ratios required by the charter operating credit facilities of 5.0 to 1.0 consolidated leverage ratio and 4.0 to 1.0 consolidated first lien leverage ratio. a failure by charter operating to maintain the financial covenants would result in an event of default under the charter operating credit facilities and the debt of cco holdings. see "part i. item 1a. risk factors - the agreements and instruments governing our debt contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity."
recently issued accounting standards see note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements contained in "part ii. item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards.