item 1a. risk factors factors that may affect future results and the trading price of our common stock you should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. you should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our company. additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our company. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms the "company," "we," "us," "our" or similar terms and "centene" (i) prior to the closing of the proposed fidelis acquisition, refer to centene corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, without giving effect to the proposed fidelis acquisition, and (ii) upon and after the closing of the proposed fidelis acquisition, refer to us, after giving effect to the proposed fidelis acquisition.
reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could substantially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including medicaid, medicare, tricare, va, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and health insurance marketplace premiums. under most programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region and benefit mix. since medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal share currently averaging around 57%. we are therefore exposed to risks associated with u.s. and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state government to terminate contracts with it, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; and our dependence upon congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity. for example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for medicaid, medicare, tricare, va, chip, ltss, abd and foster care. furthermore, medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the budget control act of 2011 and the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 ("sequestration"), subject to a 2% cap. in addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. adverse economic conditions may continue to put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. we anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. a reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of the contract for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if a federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under medicaid, medicare, tricare, va, chip, ltss, abd, foster care and the health insurance marketplaces, may be delayed. similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. if the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, cash flows or liquidity. in addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
finally, changes in these programs could reduce the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs or increase our administrative or healthcare costs under these programs. for example, maintaining current eligibility levels could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. if any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our medicare programs are subject to a variety of risks that could adversely impact our financial results.
if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if our medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions or penalties; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality star ratings, our current medicare business and our ability to expand our medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our financial performance. as previously announced, cms recently published medicare star ratings for the 2018 rating year. the achievement of star ratings of four or higher for the 2018 rating year qualifies medicare advantage plans for quality bonus payments in 2019. the results from cms indicate that health net of california, inc.'s medicare advantage plan (h0562) will move to a 3.5 star rating from a 4.0 star rating for the 2018 rating year. the effect of this star rating change will lower our parent star rating for the 2018 rating year from 4.0 stars to 3.5 stars and, therefore, our plans that use the parent rating as well as the medicare advantage plan (h0562) will not be eligible for the quality bonus payments in 2019. these lowered star ratings for the 2018 rating year for the medicare advantage plan (h0562) and the company may reduce the attractiveness of the affected plans and our other offerings to members, reduce revenue from the affected plan and impact our medicare expansion efforts, which are a strategic focus for the company. we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the lowered ratings on our revenues and expansion efforts in 2019. there are also specific additional risks under title xviii, part d of the social security act associated with our provision of medicare part d prescription drug benefits as part of our medicare advantage plan offerings. these risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. our failure to comply with part d program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our part d products, as well as on our medicare advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.
failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
our profitability, to a significant degree, depends on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. for example, our medicaid revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. if our actual medical expense exceeds our estimates, our health benefits ratio (hbr), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our hbr can create significant changes in our financial results. changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, disasters, the potential effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics or newly emergent viruses, new medical technologies, new pharmaceutical compounds, increases in provider fraud and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. in addition, the 2018 marketplace for individual products may continue to be less stable than in previous years because, among other things, other health plans have changed or stopped offering their health insurance marketplace products in the states we expect to serve in 2018 or have announced plans to change their health insurance marketplace product offerings in 2018. also, member behavior could be influenced by the repeal of the aca's individual mandate in the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tcja), and further uncertainty surrounding other potential changes to the patient protection and affordable care act and the accompanying health care and education affordability reconciliation act, collectively referred to as affordable care act (aca).
our medical expense includes claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. as more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expense in the period in which the changes are identified. given the uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be adequate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and may be material.
additionally, when we commence operations in a new state, region or product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. for a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. the addition of new categories of eligible individuals as well as evolving health insurance marketplace plans may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability.
from time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. if it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected. in addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.
the implementation of the aca, as well as potential repeal of or changes to the aca, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in march 2010, the aca was enacted. while the constitutionality of the aca was generally upheld by the supreme court in 2012, the court determined that states could elect to opt out of the medicaid expansion portion of aca without losing all federal money for their existing medicaid programs.
under the aca, medicaid coverage was expanded to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning january 1, 2014, subject to each states' election. the federal government pays the entire costs for medicaid coverage for newly eligible beneficiaries for three years (2014 through 2016). beginning in 2017, the federal share begins to decline, ending at 90% for 2020 and subsequent years. as of december 31, 2017, 32 states and the district of columbia have expanded medicaid eligibility, and additional states continue to discuss expansion. the aca also maintained chip eligibility standards through september 2019.
the aca required the establishment of health insurance marketplaces for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage. the aca also required insurers participating on the health insurance marketplaces to offer a minimum level of benefits and included guidelines on setting premium rates and coverage limitations. on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed, repealing the individual mandate requirement of the aca beginning in 2019. this change and other potential changes involving the functioning of the health insurance marketplaces as a result of new legislation, regulation or executive action, could impact our business and results of operations.
any failure to adequately price products offered or reduction in products offered in the health insurance marketplaces may have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. among other things, due to the repeal of the individual mandate in the tcja, we may be adversely selected by individuals who have higher acuity levels than those individuals who selected us in the past and healthy individuals may decide to opt out of the pool altogether. in addition, the risk corridor, reinsurance and risk adjustment ("three rs") provisions of the aca established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the marketplace product. further, the three rs may not be adequately funded. moreover, changes in the competitive marketplace over time may exacerbate the uncertainty in these relatively new markets. for example, competitors seeking to gain a foothold in the changing market may introduce pricing that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, require us to increase premium rates or result in funding issues under the three rs. these potential exits and other continued volatility in this market may be further exacerbated by the conclusion of the risk corridor and reinsurance programs as of january 1, 2017. our continued success in the exchanges is dependent on our ability to successfully respond to these changes in the market over time. any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, the three rs, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) has stated that it will consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize medicaid expansion. states must provide a choice between at least two qualified health plans and offer very similar benefits as those available in the health insurance marketplaces. arkansas became the first state to obtain federal approval to use medicaid funding to purchase private insurance for low-income residents and we began operations under the program beginning january 1, 2014. as of december 31, 2017, seven states had approved section 1115 waivers to implement the aca's medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law.
the aca imposed an annual insurance industry assessment of $8.0 billion in 2014, and $11.3 billion in each of 2015 and 2016, with increasing annual amounts thereafter. the health insurer fee payable in 2017 was suspended by the consolidated appropriations act for fiscal year 2016. however, the $14.3 billion payment resumes in 2018 for the fiscal year 2017. such assessments are not deductible for federal and most state income tax purposes. the fee is allocated based on health insurers' premium revenues in the previous year. each health insurer's fee is calculated by multiplying its market share by the annual fee. market share is based on commercial, medicare, and medicaid premium revenues. not-for-profit insurers may have a competitive advantage since they are exempt from paying the fee if they receive at least 80% of their premium revenues from medicare, medicaid, and chip, and other not-for-profit insurers are allowed to exclude 50% of their premium revenues from the fee calculation. if we are not reimbursed by the states for the cost of the federal premium assessment (including the associated tax impact), or if we are unable to otherwise adjust our business model to address this new assessment, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
there are numerous steps regulators required for continued implementation of the aca, including the promulgation of a substantial number of new and potentially more onerous federal regulations. for example, in april 2016, cms issued final regulations that revised existing medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum mlr standard for medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. if we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected.
in addition, house v. hargan (previously v. burwell, et al., and v. price, et al.), the suit that was brought by house republicans, was settled in december 2017. the new administration's decision to stop the cost sharing subsidies rendered further challenge to the cost sharing subsidy payments unnecessary. while 2018 premium rates for health insurance marketplace were set without factoring in the cost sharing subsidy payments from the federal government, the new administration's decision to end payments could affect our earnings.
changes to, or repeal of, portions or the entirety of the aca, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows. even if the aca is not amended or repealed, the new administration could propose changes impacting implementation of the aca, which could materially and adversely affect our financial position or operations. however, the ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation enacted under the new administration cannot be predicted.
our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business.
our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. in addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices and private litigation in the commercial sector. such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets.
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of managed care organizations providing or arranging to provide services to medicaid, medicare, health insurance marketplace enrollees or other beneficiaries. for example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements.
the frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. in addition, changes in political party or administrations at the state, federal or country level may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.
additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state and local governments may increase due to several factors, including:  enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premium back to the state in the event profits exceed established levels or hbr does not meet the minimum requirement. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue.
the governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. for example, under the aca, congress authorized cms and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. participation in these demonstration programs is subject to cms approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. specifically, several of our medicaid contracts require us to maintain a medicare health plan. although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. also, states or other governmental entities may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. these foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. in addition, we are subject to u.s. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of u.s.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. our failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the united states or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses providing pharmacy benefit management (pbm) and specialty pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we provide pbm and specialty pharmacy services, including through our envolve pharmacy solutions product. these businesses are subject to federal and state laws that govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers and consumers. we also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects these businesses to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations. in addition, federal and state legislatures regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.
our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, including with respect to the pricing of new specialty and generic drugs. in addition, our pbm and specialty pharmacy businesses could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if any of our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed on favorable terms or at all, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. we provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the areas in which we operate. our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. when our contracts with the government expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment and agreement to maintain a medicare plan in the state and financial standards, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies.
we are also subject to various reviews, audits and investigations to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any adverse review, audit or investigation could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality star ratings; or require changes to the way we do business. in addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.
if any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows may be materially affected.
we contract with independent third party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews and investigations and other adverse effects.
ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business.
a number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate and assign eligible members into managed care plans. the effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. when a state implements new programs to determine eligibility, new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or chooses new subcontractors, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.
our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity.
we maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. as a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have a negative adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.
execution of our growth strategy may increase costs or liabilities, or create disruptions in our business.
our growth strategy includes, without limitation, the acquisition and expansion of health plans participating in government sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions, or an acquisition may not perform as well as expected or may not achieve timely profitability. we also face the risk that we will not be able to effectively integrate acquisitions into our existing operations effectively without substantial expense, delay or other operational or financial problems and we may need to divert more management resources to integration than we planned.
in connection with start-up operations and system migrations, we may incur significant expenses prior to commencement of operations and the receipt of revenue. for example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. we may experience delays in operational start dates. as a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability. in addition, we are planning to expand our business internationally and we will be subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, political risk, an unfamiliar regulatory regime, currency exchange risk and exchange controls, cultural and language differences, foreign tax issues, and different labor laws and practices.
if we are unable to effectively execute our growth strategy, our future growth will suffer and our results of operations could be harmed.
if competing managed care programs are unwilling to purchase specialty services from us, we may not be able to successfully implement our strategy of diversifying our business lines.
we are seeking to diversify our business lines into areas that complement our government sponsored health plan business in order to grow our revenue stream and balance our dependence on risk reimbursement. in order to diversify our business, we must succeed in selling the services of our specialty subsidiaries not only to our managed care plans, but to programs operated by third-parties. some of these third-party programs may compete with us in some markets, and they therefore may be unwilling to purchase specialty services from us. in any event, the offering of these services will require marketing activities that differ significantly from the manner in which we seek to increase revenues from our government sponsored programs. our ineffectiveness in marketing specialty services to third-parties may impair our ability to execute our business strategy.
adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.
in the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption. the availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. in the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing credit facility.
our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.
we principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. as part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. these subsidiaries are subject to regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. if these regulators were to deny our subsidiaries' request to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.
we derive a majority of our premium revenues from operations in a limited number of states, and our financial position, results of operations or cash flows would be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states.
operations in a limited number of states have accounted for most of our premium revenues to date. if we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions and similar factors in those states. for example, states we currently serve may open the bidding for their medicaid program to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. our inability to continue to operate in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.
competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.
we compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, benefits provided and quality of service. we compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as technology companies, new joint ventures, financial services firms, consulting firms and other non-traditional competitors. in addition, the administration of the aca has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.
some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. in addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device and health information systems businesses. to the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.
if we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed.
our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers. our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.
in any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. in some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. in addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial position and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. provider networks may consolidate, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. in addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected.
from time to time healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. if we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. in addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. for example, our wholly owned subsidiary, health net life insurance company ("hnl"), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to hnl's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. hnl expects to vigorously defend its claims payment practices. nevertheless, in the event hnl receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator, or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims hnl otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. in addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. as a result, under such circumstances we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.
we may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel.
we are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. we would be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. while we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the managed care and specialty services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these personnel. if we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives and senior management, our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.
if we are unable to integrate and manage our information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted.
our operations depend significantly on effective information systems. the information gathered and processed by our information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status and other information. our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. we regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance or expand our information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. in addition, our ability to integrate and manage our information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists.
from time to time, we may become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management.
from time to time we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims, claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide healthcare, claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services, claims alleging bad faith, investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims, putative securities class actions, and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. an unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows and may affect our reputation. in addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore harm our business and financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we periodically evaluate our goodwill and other intangible assets to determine whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case a charge to earnings may be necessary. changes in business strategy, government regulations or economic or market conditions have resulted and may result in impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets at any time in the future. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, market conditions, and operational performance. for example, the non-renewal of our health plan contracts with the state in which they operate may be an indicator of impairment. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.
if we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
as part of our normal operations, we collect, process and retain confidential member information. we are subject to various federal and state laws and rules regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa) and the health information technology for economic and clinical health (hitech) act of 2009 and the gramm-leach-bliley act, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. certain of our businesses are also subject to the payment card industry data security standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices as well as compliance with applicable laws, rules and contractual requirements, our facilities and systems, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. in the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. however, future data breaches could require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our reputation, subject us to state or federal agency review and could also result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
in addition, hipaa broadened the scope of fraud and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies. hipaa established new enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. the hitech act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' attorneys general in addition to the hhs office for civil rights. it is possible that congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase penalties and to create a private right of action under hipaa, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules. additionally, hhs continued its auditing program in 2016 to assess compliance efforts by covered entities and business associates. through a second phase of audits, which commenced for covered entities in july 2016, hhs focused on a review of policies and procedures adopted and employed by covered entities and their business associates to meet selected standards and implementation specifications of the hipaa privacy, security, and breach notification rules. an audit resulting in findings or allegations of noncompliance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
if we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we, along with all other companies involved in public healthcare programs are the subject of fraud and abuse investigations from time to time. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. violations of fraud and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in medicaid, medicare, tricare, va and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. fraud and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing and violations of patient privacy rights. these fraud and abuse laws include the federal false claims act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. many states have false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal false claims act and the federal anti-kickback statute. in addition, the deficit reduction act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal false claims act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by qui tam relators. federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud and abuse a priority. in the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
a failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have an adverse effect on our business.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. external breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. we experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. we maintain a rigorous system of preventive and detective controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants or third party service providers. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of significant acquisitions.
the market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. the market price of our common stock may decline as a result of acquisitions if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of acquired businesses with ours are not realized, or if the transaction costs related to the acquisitions and integrations are greater than expected. the market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.
we may be unable to successfully integrate our business with health net and realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
we completed the acquisition of health net on march 24, 2016. the success of the acquisition of health net will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the businesses of the company and health net and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combination. if we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may be harmed.
the integration of health net's business with our existing business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. we have not previously completed a transaction comparable in size or scope to the acquisition of health net. the integration of the two companies may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;
   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
   retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
   unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including changes with respect to government healthcare programs, the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder; and
   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration.
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we have incurred substantial expenses related to the completion of the acquisition of health net and are incurring substantial expenses related to the integration of health net.
we are in the process of integrating a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems, including sales, pricing, and marketing, among other things. in addition, the businesses of centene and health net will continue to maintain a presence in st. louis, missouri and woodland hills, california, respectively. the substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses related to the acquisition (including financing of the acquisition), facilities and systems consolidation costs. we may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees. we are also incurring transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans for the combined business, and the execution of these plans may lead to additional unanticipated costs. these incremental transaction and acquisition related costs may exceed the savings we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative costs and the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, particularly in the near term and in the event there are material unanticipated costs.
our future results may be adversely impacted if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations following the completion of our acquisition of health net.
the size of our business following the acquisition of health net is significantly larger than the size of either our or health net's respective businesses prior to the acquisition. our ability to successfully manage the expanded business will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. we will also have to manage our expanded operations in compliance with certain undertakings with regulators that were agreed to in connection with the approval of the acquisition. these undertakings require significant investments by us, may restrict or impose additional material costs on our future operations and strategic initiatives in certain geographies, and subject us to various enforcement mechanisms. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits.
we have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2017, we had consolidated indebtedness of approximately $4,699 million. we may further increase our indebtedness in the future. this increased indebtedness and higher debt-to-equity ratio will have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs.
among other things, our revolving credit facility requires us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. our revolving credit facility also requires us to comply with a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. these restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. in addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under the revolving credit facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.
the proposed fidelis acquisition may not occur, and if it does, it may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
although we currently anticipate that the proposed fidelis acquisition will occur and will be accretive to earnings per share (on an adjusted earnings basis that is not pursuant to gaap) from and after the proposed fidelis acquisition, this expectation is based on assumptions about our and fidelis care's business and preliminary estimates, which may change materially. as a result, should the proposed fidelis acquisition occur, certain other amounts to be paid in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition may cause dilution to our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the proposed fidelis acquisition and cause a decrease in the market price of our common stock. the proposed fidelis acquisition may not occur as a result. in addition, we could also encounter additional transaction-related costs or other factors such as the failure to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the proposed fidelis acquisition, including cost and revenue synergies. all of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the proposed fidelis acquisition and cause a decrease in the market price of our common stock.
the proposed fidelis acquisition is subject to conditions, some or all of which may not be satisfied, or completed on a timely basis, if at all. failure to complete the proposed fidelis acquisition could have material adverse effects on our business.
the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition is subject to a number of conditions, including, among others, the receipt of certain regulatory approvals, which make the completion and timing of the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition uncertain. also, either we or fidelis care may terminate the asset purchase agreement if the proposed fidelis acquisition has not been consummated by july 1, 2018 (or september 1, 2018 if the extension is exercised), except that this right to terminate the asset purchase agreement will not be available to any party whose failure to fulfill any obligation under the asset purchase agreement has been the cause of or resulted in the failure of the proposed fidelis acquisition to be consummated on or before that date.
if the proposed fidelis acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits that we could have realized had the proposed fidelis acquisition been completed, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
   the market price of our common stock could decline;
   if the asset purchase agreement is terminated and our board of directors (board) seeks another business combination, our stockholders cannot be certain that we will be able to find a party willing to enter into any transaction on terms equivalent to or more attractive than the terms that we and fidelis care have agreed to in the asset purchase agreement;
   time and resources committed by our management to matters relating to the proposed fidelis acquisition could otherwise have been devoted to pursuing other beneficial opportunities;
   we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets or from our customers or employees; and
   we will be required to pay our costs relating to the proposed fidelis acquisition, such as legal, accounting, financial advisory and printing fees, whether or not the proposed fidelis acquisition is completed.
in addition, if the proposed fidelis acquisition is not completed, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the proposed fidelis acquisition or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the asset purchase agreement. if any such risk materializes, it could adversely impact our ongoing business.
similarly, delays in the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition could, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition and cause us not to realize some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve if the proposed fidelis acquisition is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. we cannot assure you that the conditions to the closing of the proposed fidelis acquisition will be satisfied or waived or that the proposed fidelis acquisition will be consummated.
centene and fidelis care are each subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the proposed acquisition is pending, which could adversely affect the business and operations of us or the combined company.
in connection with the pendency of the proposed fidelis acquisition, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other persons with whom we or fidelis care has a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or fidelis care, as the case may be, as a result of the proposed fidelis acquisition, which could negatively affect our current or the combined company's future revenues, earnings and cash flows, as well as the market price of our common stock, regardless of whether the proposed fidelis acquisition is completed.
under the terms of the asset purchase agreement, fidelis care is subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business prior to completing the proposed fidelis acquisition, which may adversely affect its ability to execute certain of its business strategies, including the ability in certain cases to enter into or amend contracts, acquire or dispose of assets, incur indebtedness or incur capital expenditures. such limitations could adversely affect fidelis care's business and operations prior to the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
each of the risks described above may be exacerbated by delays or other adverse developments with respect to the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
the proposed fidelis acquisition is subject to the receipt of approvals, consents or clearances from regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or the combined company or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
before the proposed fidelis acquisition may be completed, any approvals, consents or clearances required in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition must have been obtained, in each case, under applicable law, including pursuant to the insurance laws, not-for-profit laws and, in some instances, state healthcare laws. in deciding whether to grant the required regulatory approval, consent or clearance, the relevant governmental entities will consider the effect of the proposed fidelis acquisition on competition within their relevant jurisdiction. the terms and conditions of the approvals, consents and clearances that are granted may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company's business. under the asset purchase agreement, we have agreed with fidelis care to use our reasonable best efforts to obtain such approvals, consents and clearances and therefore may be required to comply with conditions or limitations imposed by governmental authorities, except that (i) we may not be required to agree to any term, limitation, restriction or requirement that, individually or in the aggregate, (a) would have or could reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations or business of us or fidelis care, in each case, as currently conducted, (b) would or could reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on any lines or types of business, in the aggregate, in which we or fidelis care shall be permitted to engage or (c) would have or could reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the overall benefits that we reasonably expect to derive from the consummation of the proposed fidelis acquisition and (ii) fidelis care may not be required to agree to any term, limitation, restriction or requirement that, individually or in the aggregate, would have or could reasonably be expected to have a material and adverse effect on the overall benefits that fidelis care reasonably expects to derive from the consummation of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
in addition, regulators may impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions in connection with their approval of or consent to the proposed fidelis acquisition, and such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions may delay completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition or impose additional material costs on or materially limit the revenues of the combined company following the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition. regulators may impose such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions, and, if imposed, such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions may delay or lead to the abandonment of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
uncertainties associated with the proposed fidelis acquisition may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company.
we and fidelis care are each dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other key employees to execute their business plans. the combined company's success after the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition will depend in part upon the ability of each of us and fidelis care to retain key management personnel and other key employees. prior to completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition, current and prospective employees of each of us and fidelis care may experience uncertainty about their roles within the combined company following the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of each of us and fidelis care to attract or retain key management and other key personnel. in addition, no assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to attract or retain key management personnel and other key employees of each of us and fidelis care to the same extent that we and fidelis care have previously been able to attract or retain their own employees.
completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which fidelis care is a party, which may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition may trigger change in control and other provisions in certain agreements to which fidelis care is a party. if we are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions with fidelis care, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. even if we are able to negotiate waivers with fidelis care, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to fidelis care or the combined company. any of the foregoing or similar developments may have an adverse impact on the combined company's business and results of operations.
the combined company may be unable to successfully integrate our business with the assets acquired in the proposed fidelis acquisition and realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
the success of the proposed fidelis acquisition will depend, in part, on the combined company's ability to successfully combine our business and the assets acquired in the proposed fidelis acquisition, and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combination. if the combined company is unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of its common stock may be harmed. additionally, rating agencies may take negative actions against the combined company.
the proposed fidelis acquisition involves the integration of certain assets of fidelis care with our existing business, which is expected to be a complex, costly and time-consuming process. the integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:
   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the proposed fidelis acquisition;
   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;
   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;
   retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;
   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;
   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;
   unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the aca and any regulations enacted thereunder;
   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the proposed fidelis acquisition.
many of these factors will be outside of the combined company's control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect the combined company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the integration of fidelis care with our business may result in unforeseen expenses, and the anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. these integration matters could have an adverse effect on (i) each of us and fidelis care during this transition period and (ii) the combined company for an undetermined period after completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition. in addition, any actual cost savings of the proposed fidelis acquisition could be less than anticipated.
the future results of the combined company may be adversely impacted if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
following the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition, the size of the combined company's business will be significantly larger than the current size of our business. the combined company's ability to successfully manage this expanded business will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two discrete companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. the combined company may not be successful or may not realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the proposed fidelis acquisition.
the combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition and the integration of our business with fidelis care.
the combined company is expected to incur substantial expenses in connection with the completion of the proposed fidelis acquisition and the integration of our business with substantially all of the assets of fidelis care. there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing, revenue management, marketing and benefits. in addition, our businesses and fidelis care will continue to maintain a presence in st. louis, missouri and new york, new york, respectively. the substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses related to the proposed fidelis acquisition (including financing of the proposed fidelis acquisition), facilities and systems consolidation costs. the combined company may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees. we will also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans for the combined business, and the execution of these plans may lead to additional unanticipated costs. additionally, as a result of the proposed fidelis acquisition, rating agencies may take negative actions with regard to the combined company's credit ratings, which may increase the combined company's costs in connection with the financing of the proposed fidelis acquisition. these incremental transaction and acquisition related costs may exceed the savings the combined company expects to achieve from the elimination of duplicative costs and the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, particularly in the near term and in the event there are material unanticipated costs.
we will incur additional indebtedness to finance the proposed fidelis acquisition.
in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition, we expect to incur approximately $1.6 billion in additional indebtedness, assuming we do not use the option to fund up to $500 million of the acquisition consideration in our common stock and assuming we issue approximately $2.3 billion of new equity. the combined company will have consolidated indebtedness of approximately $6.3 billion, which is greater than our current indebtedness prior to the proposed fidelis acquisition. the increased indebtedness of the combined company in comparison to ours on a historical basis could adversely affect us in a number of ways, including:
   affecting our ability to pay or refinance its debts as they become due during adverse economic, financial market and industry conditions;
   requiring us to use a larger portion of its cash flow for debt service, reducing funds available for other purposes;
   causing us to be less able to take advantage of business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;
   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
   affecting our ability to obtain additional financing;
   decreasing our profitability and/or cash flow;
   causing us to be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less leverage;
   resulting in a downgrade in our credit rating or any of our indebtedness or our subsidiaries which could increase the cost of further borrowings; and
   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes.
the financing arrangements that the combined company will enter into in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition may, under certain circumstances, contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly impact the combined company's ability to operate its business.
we intend to incur additional indebtedness in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition. we expect that the agreements governing the indebtedness incurred in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition will contain covenants that, among other things, may, under certain circumstances, place limitations on the dollar amounts paid or other actions relating to:
   payments in respect of, or redemptions or acquisitions of, debt or equity issued by the combined company or its subsidiaries, including the payment of dividends on our common stock;
   incurring additional indebtedness;
   creating liens on assets;
   entering into sale and leaseback transactions;
   making investments, loans or advances;
   entering into hedging transactions;
   engaging in mergers, consolidations or sales of all or substantially all of their respective assets; and
   engaging in certain transactions with affiliates.
in addition, the combined company will be required to maintain a minimum amount of excess availability as set forth in these agreements.
the combined company's ability to maintain minimum excess availability in future periods will depend on its ongoing financial and operating performance, which in turn will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market and competitive factors, many of which are beyond the combined company's control. the ability to comply with this covenant in future periods will also depend on the combined company's ability to successfully implement its overall business strategy and realize contemplated synergies.
various risks, uncertainties and events beyond the combined company's control could affect its ability to comply with the covenants contained in its debt agreements. failure to comply with any of the covenants in its existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. a default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of indebtedness under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing such indebtedness. under these circumstances, the combined company might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of its obligations. in addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on the combined company's ability to incur additional indebtedness and to take other actions might significantly impair its ability to obtain other financing.
we have obtained commitment letters for the senior unsecured budge loan facility. however, neither the definitive loan documents, nor the terms of any debt financing in lieu of such bridge financing, have been finalized.
future issuances and sales of additional shares of preferred or common stock, including shares issued in connection with the proposed fidelis acquisition, could reduce the market price of our shares of common stock.
subject to market conditions, we intend to fund the purchase price for the proposed fidelis acquisition with $2.3 billion of new equity, including shares paid as consideration. any such issuances and sales of our preferred or common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for our common stock. further, any sale of shares to finance a portion of the purchase price for the proposed fidelis acquisition will be subject to market conditions and could be negatively impacted by a decline in the market price for our common stock. in addition, in the future we may issue additional securities to raise capital or in connection with acquisitions. we often acquire interests in other companies by using a combination of cash and our common stock or just our common stock. further, shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series as our board may from time to time determine each such series to be distinctively designated. the issuance of any such preferred stock could materially adversely affect the rights of holders of our common stock. any of these events may dilute your ownership interest in our company and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this filing. the discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth under part i, item 1a."risk factors" of this form 10-k.
executive overview general we are a diversified, multi-national healthcare enterprise that provides services to government sponsored and commercial healthcare programs, focusing on under-insured and uninsured individuals. we provide member-focused services through locally based staff by assisting in accessing care, coordinating referrals to related health and social services and addressing member concerns and questions.
results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits (including estimated costs incurred) and selling, general and administrative (sg&a) costs. we measure operating performance based upon two key ratios. the health benefits ratio (hbr) represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed, and reflects the direct relationship between the premium received and the medical services provided. the sg&a expense ratio represents sg&a costs as a percentage of premium and service revenues, excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues that are separately billed.
in 2013, we classified the operations for kentucky spirit as discontinued operations for all periods presented in our consolidated financial statements. management's discussion and analysis, with the exception of cash flow information, is presented in the context of continuing operations unless otherwise identified.
fidelis care transaction in september 2017, we signed a definitive agreement under which new york state catholic health plan, inc., d/b/a fidelis care new york (fidelis care), will become our health plan in new york state upon closing. under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire substantially all of the assets of fidelis care for $3.75 billion, subject to certain adjustments. this transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2018, subject to various closing conditions and receipt of new york regulatory approvals, including approvals under the new york not-for-profit corporation law. in october 2017, we announced the early termination of the waiting period required under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended. subject to market conditions, we expect to fund the transaction with approximately $2.3 billion of new equity, including share consideration, and approximately $1.6 billion of new long-term debt.
regulatory trends and uncertainties in october 2017, the president signed an executive order allowing trade associations and other groups to establish health plans exempt from certain aca requirements, which may be sold across state lines. also, in october 2017, the trump administration announced that the federal government would stop funding cost sharing reduction (csr) subsidies. additionally, a deal was subsequently reached by bipartisan senators to restore csr payments for two years in exchange for more aca state flexibility. there are no guarantees the deal will reach the senate floor for vote. the lack of csr payments from the federal government for the fourth quarter of 2017 resulted in expense of $0.08 per diluted share included in our 2017 earnings. the limited impact is the result of payments received through september 30, 2017 in our various states being nearly sufficient to cover our full year csr expectations. for 2018, all of our states have approved premium rates that assumed no csr funding. despite the removal of the csrs, individuals below 400% of the federal poverty level (our target market) will still have access to subsidies through the advance premium tax credit (aptc). we continue to believe we have both the capacity and capability to successfully navigate industry changes to the benefit of our members, customers and shareholders.
in december 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (income tax reform) was signed into law by the president. the modified tax code includes a lower corporate tax rate and changes to certain credits and deductions, including the limitations to the deductibility of interest expense. the enactment of income tax reform resulted in a benefit of $0.71 per diluted share to our 2017 earnings related to the adjustment of the income tax rate on our net deferred tax liabilities. in addition, the income tax reform bill repealed the individual mandate requirement of the aca beginning in 2019.
for additional information regarding regulatory trends and uncertainties, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation" and item 1a, "risk factors."
2017 highlights our financial performance for 2017 is summarized as follows:
   hbr of 87.3% for 2017, compared to 86.5% for 2016.
   sg&amp;a expense ratio of 9.7% for 2017, compared to 9.8% for 2016.
   adjusted sg&amp;a expense ratio of 9.5% for 2017, compared to 9.0% for 2016.
   operating cash flows of $1,489 million, or 1.8 times net earnings, for 2017.
   diluted eps of $4.69 for 2017, compared to $3.41 for 2016.
   adjusted diluted eps of $5.03 for 2017, compared to $4.43 for 2016.
on march 24, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of health net, a publicly traded managed care organization that delivers healthcare services through health plans and government-sponsored managed care plans. due to the size of this acquisition, one of the primary drivers of the year-over-year variances discussed throughout this section is related to the acquisition of health net.
a reconciliation from gaap diluted eps to adjusted diluted eps is highlighted below, and additional detail is provided above under the heading "non-gaap financial presentation":
amortization of acquired intangible assets           0.56                0.57
acquisition related expenses                         0.07                0.98
income tax reform                                   (0.71    )              -
charitable contribution                              0.14                0.19
california minimum mlr change                           -               (0.76    )
the following items contributed to our revenue and membership growth:
   arizona. in january 2017, we continued our participation as a qualified health plan issuer in the arizona health insurance marketplace and exited the health net preferred provider organization offerings in arizona.
   centurion. in april 2016, centurion began providing correctional healthcare services for the florida department of corrections in three regions. in june 2016, centurion began operating under two new contracts with the state of new mexico corrections department to provide correctional medical healthcare services and pharmacy services. in june 2017, centurion began operating under an expanded contract to provide correctional healthcare services for the florida department of corrections in south florida, expanding our services statewide.
   health insurance marketplace. in january 2017, we added over 500,000 new members across our health insurance marketplace service areas.
   health net. on march 24, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of health net for approximately $6.0 billion, including the assumption of debt. this strategic acquisition broadened our service offerings, providing expansion in both medicaid and medicare programs. this acquisition provided further diversification across our markets and products through the addition of commercial products and government-sponsored care under federal contracts with the department of defense (dod) and the u.s. department of veteran's affairs (va), as well as medicare advantage. health net's operations are primarily concentrated in the states of california, arizona, oregon, and washington.
   maryland. in july 2017, our specialty solutions subsidiary, envolve, inc., began providing health plan management services for medicaid operations in maryland.
   nebraska. in january 2017, our nebraska subsidiary, nebraska total care, began operating under a contract with the nebraska department of health and human services' division of medicaid and long-term care as one of three managed care organizations to administer its new heritage health program for medicaid, abd, chip, foster care and ltss enrollees.
   nevada. in july 2017, our nevada subsidiary, silversummit healthplan, began serving medicaid recipients enrolled in nevada's medicaid managed care program.
   new hampshire. in january 2016, we began serving members enrolled in the federally facilitated health insurance marketplace in the state of new hampshire. in january 2016, we started operating under a contract with the new hampshire department of health and human services to participate in the medicaid expansion model that new hampshire has adopted (referred to as the "premium assistance program").
   texas. in november 2016, our texas subsidiary, superior healthplan, inc., began operating under a new contract with the texas hhsc to serve star kids medicaid population in seven delivery areas, more than any other successful bidder.
   washington. in april 2016, our washington subsidiary, coordinated care of washington, began operating as the sole contractor with the washington state health care authority to provide foster care services through the apple health foster care contract.
the growth items listed above are partially offset by the following items:
   in georgia and indiana, we were recently successful in reprocuring contracts. however, the medicaid programs were expanded to include additional insurers, which has reduced our market share. in addition, we are no longer serving ltss members in arizona.
we expect the following items to contribute to our revenue or future growth potential:
   we expect to realize the full year benefit in 2018 of business commenced during 2017 in florida, maryland, missouri and nevada, as discussed above.
   in february 2018, our arkansas subsidiary, arkansas total care began managing a medicaid special needs population comprised of people with high behavioral health needs and individuals with developmental/intellectual disabilities. arkansas total care will assume full-risk on this population beginning in january 2019.
   in january 2018, our new mexico subsidiary, western sky community care, was awarded a statewide contract in new mexico for the centennial care 2.0 program. the new contract is expected to commence membership operations in january 2019.
   in january 2018, our illinois subsidiary, illinicare health, began operating under a state-wide contract for the medicaid managed care program including children who are in need through the department of children and family services (dcfs)/youth in care by the illinois department of healthcare and family services (hfs). implementation dates vary by region and will be fully implemented statewide by april 2018. foster care will be implemented by july 2018.
   in january 2018, we expanded our offerings in the 2018 health insurance marketplace. we entered kansas, missouri and nevada, and expanded our footprint in the following six existing markets: florida, georgia, indiana, ohio, texas, and washington.
   in january 2018, our subsidiary, health net federal services, began operating under the tricare west region contract to provide administrative services to military health system eligible beneficiaries.
   in january 2018, our pennsylvania subsidiary, pennsylvania health &amp; wellness, began serving enrollees in the community healthchoices program. contract commencement dates vary by zone and will be fully implemented statewide by january 2020.
   in september 2017, we signed a definitive agreement under which fidelis care will become our health plan in new york state upon closing. under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire substantially all of the assets of fidelis care for $3.75 billion, subject to certain adjustments. this transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2018, subject to various closing conditions and receipt of new york regulatory approvals, including approvals under the new york not-for-profit corporation law.
   in august 2017, centurion was recommended for a contract award by the tennessee department of correction to continue providing inmate health services. this contract is expected to commence in the third quarter of 2018.
   in june 2017, our mississippi subsidiary, magnolia health, was selected by the mississippi division of medicaid to continue serving medicaid recipients enrolled in the mississippi coordinated access network (mississippican). pending regulatory approval, the new three-year agreement, which also includes the option of two one-year extensions, is expected to commence mid-2018.
   in january 2017, we signed a joint venture agreement with the north carolina medical society, working in conjunction with the north carolina community health center association, to collaborate on a patient-focused approach to medicaid under the reform plan enacted in the state of north carolina. the newly created health plan, carolina complete health, was created to establish, organize and operate a physician-led health plan to provide medicaid managed care services in north carolina.
the future growth items listed above are partially offset by the following items:
   in january 2018, the state of california will no longer include costs for in-home support services (ihss) in its medicaid contracts. in june 2017, the governor approved the removal of these services from managed care and returned responsibility for the ihss program costs back to the counties.
   in addition, we will no longer be serving medicaid members in massachusetts.
in october 2017, the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms) published updated medicare star quality ratings for the 2018 ratings year. the 2018 ratings year will affect quality bonus payments for medicare advantage plans in 2019. the results indicate that one of health net of california, inc.'s medicare advantage plans (h0562) will move to a 3.5 star rating from a 4.0 star rating for the 2018 ratings year. the effect of this star rating change would lower our parent star rating for the 2018 ratings year from 4.0 stars to 3.5 stars. the reduction in the star rating for health net california is the result of a 2015 program audit. health net california's underlying rating reflects 4.0 star performance; however, cms lowered a single measure (bapp - beneficiary access and performance problem) because of a penalty associated with a plan audit in 2015, which caused a decline in the overall score to 3.5 stars. while overall quality measures improved on a year-over-year basis, such improvement was insufficient to compensate for the lower bapp measure. the penalty related to the 2015 program audit will only impact the 2018 ratings year and will not have a continuing impact on the star ratings in future rating years. we are currently appealing. our commitment to quality remains as strong as ever. we are working to evaluate and mitigate the potential impact on our revenues in 2019 as a result of the lowered 2018 rating and working to implement year-over-year quality improvements. we believe we will return to a 4.0 star parent rating in future periods.
membership from december 31, 2015 to december 31, 2017, we increased our managed care membership by 7.1 million, or 139%. the following table sets forth our membership by state:
california                  2,877,800            2,973,500             186,000
the following table sets forth our membership by line of business:
(1) membership includes medicare advantage, medicare supplement, special needs plans, and medicare-medicaid plans (mmp).
the following table sets forth additional membership statistics, which are included in the membership information above:
health insurance marketplace        959,600                                      537,200                                      146,100
   membership growth in our health insurance marketplace service areas;
   the commencement of health plan management services for medicaid operations in maryland;
   the acquisition of health net;
   market growth and additional penetration in the health insurance marketplace, which included a private option medicaid expansion in new hampshire; and
results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based on our consolidated statements of operations, which reflect our results of operations for each of the three years ended december 31, 2017, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ($ in millions, except per share data in dollars):
2017                                                                                                                                       2016                        2015             % change 2016-2017             % change 2015-2016
medical costs                                                                         37,851                                      30,636                      17,242                        24           %                 78           %
amortization of acquired intangible assets                                               156                                         147                          24                         6           %               n.m.
investment and other income (expense), net                                               (65              )                         (103      )                   (8      )                 37           %               n.m.
earnings from continuing operations, before income tax expense                         1,134                                       1,157                         697                        (2          )%                 66           %
discontinued operations, net of income tax expense (benefit)                               -                                           3                          (1      )               (100          )%               n.m.
(earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests                                  20                                           1                          (2      )               n.m.                           (150          )%
discontinued operations, net of income tax expense (benefit)                               -                                           3                          (1      )               (100          )%               n.m.
total revenues total revenues increased 19% in the year ended december 31, 2017, over the corresponding period in 2016, primarily as a result of a full year of health net's results, as well as the impact of growth in the health insurance marketplace business in 2017 and expansions and new programs in many of our states in 2016 and 2017. this was partially offset by the moratorium of the health insurer fee in 2017, lower membership in the commercial business in california as a result of margin improvement actions taken in 2016, and lower specialty pharmacy revenues. as a result of the health insurer fee moratorium, which suspended the health insurance provider fee for the 2017 calendar year, we did not recognize health insurer fee revenue in 2017, compared to $531 million recognized in 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we received medicaid premium rate adjustments which yielded an approximate net 1% composite change across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs results of operations depend on our ability to manage expenses associated with health benefits and to accurately estimate costs incurred. the hbr represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenues (excluding premium tax and health insurer fee revenues) and reflects the direct relationship between the premium received and the medical services provided.
the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 87.3%, an increase of 80 basis points over the comparable period in 2016. the increase compared to last year was primarily a result of the $195 million of revenue recognized in 2016 relating to the minimum mlr change in california, which reduced the 2016 hbr by 50 basis points, a premium rate reduction for california medicaid expansion effective july 1, 2017, an increase in flu related costs over 2016, and the impact of new or expanded health plans, which initially operate at a higher hbr. these increases were partially offset by growth in the health insurance marketplace business, which operates at a lower hbr.
cost of services cost of services decreased by $17 million in the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the corresponding period in 2016. this was primarily due to lower specialty pharmacy sales and decreased costs associated with our federal services business, partially offset by growth in our correctional business. the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 81.5%, compared to 85.5% in 2016. the decrease in the cost of service ratio is primarily due to decreased costs associated with our federal services business and the results of the shared savings programs in our home-based primary care business.
   a full year of the health net business in our 2017 results;
   higher business expansion costs;
   additional expense recognized for our estimated share of the undiscounted guaranty association assessment resulting from the liquidation of penn treaty; and
   higher variable compensation expenses based on the performance of the business in 2017.
the increases above are partially offset by a decrease in acquisition related expenses of $214 million.
the sg&a expense ratio was 9.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 9.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in the sg&a expense ratio was primarily attributable to lower acquisition related expenses, partially offset by higher business expansion costs over 2016, the penn treaty assessment and our results including a full year of the health net business, which operates at a higher sg&a expense ratio due to a greater mix of commercial and medicare business.
the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 9.5% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to 9.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was primarily attributable to higher business expansion costs over 2016 and a full year of the health net business in our 2017 results, which operates at a higher sg&a expense ratio due to a greater mix of commercial and medicare business.
health insurer fee expense as a result of the health insurer fee moratorium, which suspended the health insurance provider fee for the 2017 calendar year, we did not recognize health insurer fee expense for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $461 million recognized for the year ended december 31, 2016.
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
investment income                            $187              $109
earnings from equity method investments         3                 5
the increase in investment income in 2017 reflects higher interest rates and investment balances over 2016, as well as interest income from the state of illinois related to capitation payment delays. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2017 by $38 million due to an increase in net borrowings, primarily related to the issuance of an additional $2.4 billion in senior notes in february 2016 in connection with the financing of the health net transaction.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded income tax expense of $326 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.1 billion, or an effective tax rate of 28.7%. the effective tax rate reflects the effect of income tax reform and the health insurer fee moratorium. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded lower income tax expense of $125 million related to the provisional effect of the income tax rate reduction, primarily represented as a reduction to our deferred income tax liabilities. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded income tax expense of $599 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.2 billion, or an effective tax rate of 51.8%, which reflects the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee expense as well as the non-deductibility of certain acquisition related costs incurred in connection with the closing of our acquisition of health net.
segment results the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
2017                                                    2016          % change
in january 2017, we reclassified cenpatico behavioral health of arizona, llc and the related cenpatico integrated care health plan from the specialty services segment to the managed care segment due to a reorganization of the arizona management structure following the health net integration. as a result, the financial results of cenpatico behavioral health of arizona, llc and the related cenpatico integrated care health plan have been reclassified from the specialty services segment to the managed care segment for all periods presented.
managed care total revenues increased 19% in the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the corresponding period in 2016, primarily as a result of a full year of the health net business in our 2017 results and growth, expansions or new programs in many of our states, particularly arkansas, florida, georgia, indiana, louisiana, missouri, nebraska, ohio, and texas, partially offset by the health insurer fee moratorium. earnings from operations decreased $160 million between years primarily as a result of the $195 million of revenue recognized in 2016 relating to the minimum mlr change in california, the health insurer fee moratorium in 2017, and new or expanded health plans, which initially operate at a higher hbr and incur start-up costs. these drivers were partially offset by $214 million of lower acquisition related expenses and growth in the health insurance marketplace business.
specialty services total revenues increased 44% in the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the corresponding period in 2016, resulting primarily from the a full year of the health net business in our 2017 results, the continued integration of health net into our specialty services, increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment, and growth in our correctional services and home-based primary care businesses. earnings from operations increased $99 million between years primarily due to a full year of the health net business in our 2017 results.
total revenues total revenues increased 78% in the year ended december 31, 2016, over the corresponding period in 2015, primarily as a result of the acquisition of health net, growth in the health insurance marketplace business, and the impact from expansions, acquisitions or new programs in many of our states in 2016 and 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we received medicaid premium rate adjustments which yielded a net 1% composite rate change across all of our markets.
operating expenses medical costs the hbr for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 86.5%, a decrease of 240 basis points over the comparable period in 2015. the decrease compared to last year is primarily attributable to the acquisition of health net, membership growth in medicaid expansion and health insurance marketplace products, and improvement in hbr in the higher acuity populations. also, in the fourth quarter, we recognized additional revenue relating to the retroactive contract amendment that changed the minimum mlr calculation under california's medicaid expansion program, which reduced our 2016 hbr by 50 basis points.
cost of services cost of services increased by $243 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015. this was primarily due to the acquisition of health net and growth in our correctional business, partially offset by lower pharmacy costs to external customers. the cost of service ratio for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 85.5%, compared to 86.4% in 2015. the decrease is primarily due to the acquisition of health net, which operates at a lower cost of service ratio.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a increased by $1.9 billion in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the corresponding period in 2015. this was primarily due to the acquisition of health net, acquisition related expenses, restructuring and integration costs, and the impact from expansions, acquisitions, or new programs in many of our states in 2016 and 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded approximately $234 million of health net acquisition related expenses, which reduced our diluted earnings per share by $0.98. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded approximately $27 million of health net acquisition related expenses, which reduced our diluted earnings per share by $0.14. we also recorded expense of $50 million in 2016 for contribution commitments to our charitable foundation.
the sg&a expense ratio was 9.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 8.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the adjusted sg&a expense ratio was 9.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 8.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in the sg&a expense ratio is primarily attributable to the addition of the health net business, which operates at a higher sg&a expense ratio due to a higher mix of commercial and medicare business.
the following table summarizes the components of other income (expense) for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions):
investment income                            $109             $27
earnings from equity method investments         5               8
the increase in investment income in 2016 reflects an increase in investment balances over 2015, primarily due to the acquisition of health net. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2016 by $174 million primarily reflecting the issuance of an additional $2,400 million in senior notes in february 2016 in connection with the financing of the health net transaction. interest expense also increased due to the issuance of an additional $500 million in senior notes in june 2016, the assumption of health net's $400 million in senior notes, and the issuance of the $1,200 million in senior notes in november 2016. these increases were partially offset by the redemption of the centene $425 million 5.75% senior notes and the health net $400 million 6.375% senior notes in november 2016 and december 2016, respectively. in addition, we incurred $11 million associated with the early redemption of the centene 5.75% senior notes due 2017 and the health net 6.375% senior notes due 2017, which was recorded in interest expense.
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded income tax expense of $599 million on pre-tax earnings of $1.2 billion, or an effective tax rate of 51.8%. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded income tax expense of $339 million on pre-tax earnings of $697 million, or an effective tax rate of 48.6%. the effective tax rate is higher than the applicable statutory rate primarily as a result of the non-deductibility of the health insurer fee expense, limitations on the deductibility of compensation, and the non-deductibility of certain acquisition related costs incurred in connection with the acquisition of health net.
segment results as previously discussed, cenpatico behavioral health of arizona, llc and the related cenpatico integrated care health plan were reclassified to the managed care segment in january 2017. the following table summarizes our consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended december 31, ($ in millions) and reflects the above change:
2016                                                    2015         % change2015-2016
managed care total revenues increased 83% in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily as a result of the acquisition of health net and expansions or new programs in many of our states, particularly california, florida, georgia, indiana, louisiana, mississippi, oregon, texas, and washington. earnings from operations increased $546 million between years primarily reflecting the acquisition of health net and product and geographical expansions in many of our states.
specialty services total revenues increased 24% in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, resulting primarily from the acquisition of health net, growth in our behavioral health and correctional services businesses, and increased services associated with membership growth in the managed care segment. earnings from operations increased $9 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in earnings related to our pharmacy benefits management and correctional services businesses and the health net acquisition, partially offset by lower earnings in our specialty pharmacy and home-based primary care businesses, as well as increased utilization in several specialty services businesses.
liquidity and capital resources shown below is a condensed schedule of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, used in the discussion of liquidity and capital resources ($ in millions).
net cash provided by operating activities                         $1,489                $1,851                $658
net cash used in investing activities                             (1,265    )           (2,397    )           (813    )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                  (82    )            2,717                 305
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           -                    (1    )              -
cash flows provided by operating activities normal operations are funded primarily through operating cash flows and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. cash flows from operating activities for 2017 were $1.5 billion, or 1.8 times net earnings, compared to $1.9 billion in 2016. the cash provided by operations in 2017 was primarily due to net earnings, an increase in medical claims liabilities resulting from growth in the health insurance marketplace business and the commencement of the nebraska and nevada health plans.
cash flows from operating activities for 2016 was $1.9 billion, compared to $658 million in 2015. cash provided by operations in 2016 was primarily due to net earnings, an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and medical claims liabilities, and a decrease in other assets and premium and trade receivables. additionally, cash provided by operations in 2016 was increased by approximately $445 million due to the timing of cash receipts shortly following the acquisition date. the cash provided by operations in 2015 was primarily related to net earnings and an increase in medical claims liabilities resulting from growth in the business, partially offset by increases in premium and trade receivables.
cash flows from operations in each year were impacted by the timing of payments we received from our states. states may prepay the following month premium payment, which we record as unearned revenue, or they may delay our premium payment, which we record as a receivable. we typically receive capitation payments monthly; however, the states in which we operate may decide to adjust their payment schedules which could positively or negatively impact our reported cash flows from operating activities in any given period.
cash flows used in investing activities investing activities used cash of $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, $2.4 billion in 2016, and $813 million in 2015. cash flows used in investing activities in 2017 primarily consisted of net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries, including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments, and capital expenditures.
we spent $422 million and $306 million in the year ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, on capital expenditures for system enhancements and market and corporate headquarters expansions.
as of december 31, 2017, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of fixed-income securities with a weighted average duration of 3.3 years. we had unregulated cash and investments of $310 million at december 31, 2017, compared to $264 million at december 31, 2016. unregulated cash and investments include equity method investments and company owned life insurance contracts.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2016 primarily consisted of our acquisition of health net, net additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries, including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments, and capital expenditures. in march 2016, we acquired health net for approximately $5,990 million, including the assumption of $703 million of debt. the total consideration for the acquisition was $5,287 million, consisting of centene common shares valued at $3,038 million, $2,247 million in cash, and $2 million related to the fair value adjustment to stock based compensation associated with pre-combination service.
cash flows used in investing activities in 2015 primarily consisted of additions to the investment portfolio of our regulated subsidiaries, including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long-term investments and capital expenditures.
cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities our financing activities used cash of $82 million in 2017, compared to providing cash of $2.7 billion and $305 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. financing activities in 2017, 2016 and 2015 are discussed below.
during 2017, our net financing activities primarily related to common stock repurchases resulting from stock relinquished to us by employees for payment of taxes upon vesting of restricted stock units and the purchase of noncontrolling interest, partially offset by increased borrowings on our revolving credit agreement. in december 2017, we amended and increased our $1,000 million unsecured revolving credit facility (revolving credit facility) to $1,500 million.
during 2016, our financing activities primarily related to the proceeds from the issuance of senior notes in february 2016 associated with the health net acquisition, the issuance of additional senior notes in june 2016 and november 2016, partially offset by the redemption of our 5.75% senior notes due 2017, the redemption of our 6.375% senior notes due 2017, and the repayment of amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
in february 2016, our wholly owned unrestricted subsidiary (escrow issuer) issued $1,400 million of 5.625% senior notes ($1,400 million notes) at par due 2021 and $1,000 million of 6.125% senior notes ($1,000 million notes) at par due 2024. we used the net proceeds of the offering, together with borrowings under the our new $1,000 million revolving credit facility and cash on hand, to fund the cash consideration for the health net acquisition and to pay acquisition and offering related fees and expenses. in connection with the february 2016 issuance, we entered into interest rate swap agreements for notional amounts of $600 million and $1,000 million, at floating rates of interest based on the three month libor plus 4.22% and the three month libor plus 4.44%, respectively. gains and losses due to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps completely offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt and are recorded as an adjustment to the $1,400 million notes and $1,000 million notes.
in connection with the closing of the health net acquisition on march 24, 2016, our then-existing unsecured $500 million revolving credit facility was terminated and simultaneously replaced with the revolving credit facility. borrowings under the agreement bear interest based upon libor rates, the federal funds rate or the prime rate.
in june 2016, we issued an additional $500 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2022 at a premium to yield 4.41% ($500 million add-on notes). the $500 million add-on notes were offered as additional debt securities under the indenture governing the $500 million of 4.75% senior notes issued april 2014. we used the net proceeds of the offering to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility and to pay offering related fees and expenses.
in november 2016, we issued $1,200 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2025 ($1,200 million notes). we used the net proceeds to redeem our $425 million of 5.75% senior notes due 2017 and health net's $400 million of 6.375% senior notes due 2017, to repay amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility, to pay related fees and expenses and for general purposes.
during 2015, our financing activities primarily related to the proceeds from the issuance of senior debt and an additional $150 million of borrowings on our revolving credit facility. in january 2015, we issued an additional $200 million of 4.75% senior notes due may 15, 2022 at par (add on notes). in connection with the january 2015 issuance, we entered into interest rate swap agreements for a notional amount of $200 million (2015 swap agreements) that are scheduled to expire on may 15, 2022. under the 2015 swap agreements, we receive a fixed rate of 4.75% and pay a variable rate of libor plus a spread adjusted quarterly, which allows us to adjust the $200 million notes to a floating rate. we do not hold or issue any derivative instrument for trading or speculative purposes.
liquidity metrics in december 2017, we amended and increased our $1,000 million revolving credit facility to $1,500 million. the agreement has a maturity date of december 14, 2022. borrowings under the agreement bear interest based upon libor rates, the federal funds rate or the prime rate. the credit agreement underlying our revolving credit facility contains non-financial and financial covenants, including requirements of minimum fixed charge coverage ratios and maximum debt-to-ebitda ratios. we are required to not exceed a maximum debt-to-ebitda ratio of 3.5 to 1.0. as of december 31, 2017, we had $150 million in borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility, and we were in compliance with all covenants. as of december 31, 2017, there were no limitations on the availability under the revolving credit agreement as a result of the debt-to-ebitda ratio.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $77 million as of december 31, 2017, which were not part of our revolving credit facility. we also had letters of credit for $45 million (valued at the december 31, 2017 conversion rate), or 38 million, representing our proportional share of the letters of credit issued to support ribera salud's outstanding debt which are a part of the revolving credit facility. collectively, the letters of credit bore weighted interest of 1.31% as of december 31, 2017. in addition, we had outstanding surety bonds of $404 million as of december 31, 2017.
the indentures governing our various maturities of senior notes contain non-financial and financial covenants of centene corporation, including requirements of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. as of december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with all covenants.
in october 2017, we executed a $200 million non-recourse construction loan to fund the expansion of our corporate headquarters. the loan bears interest based on the one month libor plus 2.70% and matures in april 2021 with an optional one-year extension. the agreement contains financial and non-financial covenants aligning with our revolving credit agreement. we have guaranteed completion of the construction project associated with the loan. as of december 31, 2017, we had no borrowing outstanding under the loan. we expect to begin drawing on the construction loan in 2018.
in february 2017 and in connection with the november 2016 issuance of $1,200 million notes, we entered into interest rate swap agreements for a notional amount of $600 million, at floating rates of interest based on the one month libor plus 2.53%. gains and losses due to the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps completely offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt and are recorded as an adjustment to the $1,200 million notes.
at december 31, 2017, we had working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities, of a negative $629 million, compared to a negative $258 million at december 31, 2016. we manage our short-term and long-term investments with the goal of ensuring that a sufficient portion is held in investments that are highly liquid and can be sold to fund short-term requirements as needed.
at december 31, 2017, our debt to capital ratio, defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt and total equity, was 40.6%, compared to 44.1% at december 31, 2016. excluding the $61 million non-recourse mortgage note, our debt to capital ratio was 40.3% as of december 31, 2017, compared to 43.7% at december 31, 2016. we utilize the debt to capital ratio as a measure, among others, of our leverage and financial flexibility.
we have a stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to 8 million shares of common stock from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. we have 3 million available shares remaining under the program for repurchases as of december 31, 2017. no duration has been placed on the repurchase program. we reserve the right to discontinue the repurchase program at any time. we did not make any repurchases under this plan during 2017, 2016 or 2015.
2018 expectations in the second quarter of 2018, we expect to complete the proposed fidelis acquisition, for approximately $3.75 billion. in connection with the upcoming closing of the acquisition, we expect to issue approximately $2.3 billion of new equity and approximately $1.6 billion of new debt. the proceeds of the debt issuance will be held in escrow until the closing of the proposed fidelis acquisition.
during 2018, we expect to make net capital contributions to our insurance subsidiaries of approximately $325 million associated with our growth and spend approximately $706 million in additional capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and market and corporate headquarters expansions. these amounts are expected to be funded by unregulated cash flow generation and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. however, from time to time we may elect to raise additional funds for these and other purposes, either through issuance of debt or equity, the sale of investment securities or otherwise, as appropriate. also, we may strategically pursue refinancing opportunities to extend maturities and/or improve terms of our indebtedness if we believe such opportunities are favorable to us.
based on our operating plan, we expect that our available cash, cash equivalents and investments, cash from our operations and cash available under our credit facility will be sufficient to finance our general operations and capital expenditures for at least 12 months from the date of this filing.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes future contractual obligations. these obligations contain estimates and are subject to revision under a number of circumstances. our debt consists of borrowings from our senior notes, revolving credit facility, mortgages and capital leases. the purchase obligations consist primarily of software purchases and maintenance contracts. the contractual obligations and estimated period of payment over the next five years and beyond are as follows ($ in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year           1-3years             3-5years       more than5 years medical claims liability             $4,286                  $4,286                    $-                   $-            $-
other long-term liabilities (1)           -                       -                     -                    -            -
(1) our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017, includes $952 million of other long-term liabilities. this consists primarily of long-term deferred income taxes, liabilities under our deferred compensation plan, reserves for uncertain tax positions and retirement benefit obligations. these liabilities have been excluded from the table above as the timing and/or amount of any cash payment is uncertain.
commitments in addition, in connection with obtaining regulatory approval of the health net acquisition from the california department of insurance and the california department of managed health care, we committed to certain undertakings (the undertakings). the undertakings included, among other items, operational commitments around premiums, dividend restrictions, minimum risk based capital (rbc) levels, local offices, growth, accreditation, hedis scores and other quality measures, network adequacy, certifications, investments and capital expenditures. specifically, we agreed to, among other things:
   invest an additional $30 million through the california organized investment network over the five years following completion of the acquisition;
   build a service center in an economically distressed community in california, investing $200 million over 10 years and employing at least 300 people;
   contribute $65 million to improve enrollee health outcomes ($10 million over five years), support locally-based consumer assistance programs ($5 million over five years) and strengthen the healthcare delivery system ($50 million over five years), of which the present value of $61 million was expensed in the year ended december 31, 2016 and classified as sg&amp;a expenses in the consolidated statements of operations; and
   invest $75 million of its investment portfolio in vehicles supporting california's healthcare infrastructure.
the undertakings require significant investments by us, may restrict or impose additional material costs on our future obligations and strategic initiatives in certain geographies, and subject us to various enforcement mechanisms.
regulatory capital and dividend restrictions our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as managed care organizations, most of our subsidiaries are subject to state regulations and other requirements that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state, and restrict the timing, payment and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us. generally, the amount of dividend distributions that may be paid by a regulated subsidiary without prior approval by state regulatory authorities is limited based on the entity's level of statutory net income and statutory capital and surplus.
our regulated subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum capital requirements prescribed by various regulatory authorities in each of the states in which we operate. as of december 31, 2017, our subsidiaries had aggregate statutory capital and surplus of $5,153 million, compared with the required minimum aggregate statutory capital and surplus requirements of $2,251 million. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we contributed $26 million of net statutory capital to our subsidiaries. for our subsidiaries that file with the national association of insurance commissioners (naic), we estimate our rbc percentage to be in excess of 350% of the authorized control level.
under the california knox-keene health care service plan act of 1975, as amended ("knox-keene"), certain of our california subsidiaries must comply with tangible net equity (tne) requirements. under these knox-keene tne requirements, actual net worth less unsecured receivables and intangible assets must be more than the greater of (i) a fixed minimum amount, (ii) a minimum amount based on premiums or (iii) a minimum amount based on healthcare expenditures, excluding capitated amounts. in addition, certain of our california subsidiaries have made certain undertakings to the dmhc to restrict dividends and loans to affiliates, to the extent that the payment of such would reduce such entities' tne below the required amount as specified in the undertaking.
the naic has adopted rules which set minimum risk-based capital requirements for insurance companies, managed care organizations and other entities bearing risk for healthcare coverage. as of december 31, 2017, each of our health plans was in compliance with the risk-based capital requirements enacted in those states.
as a result of the above requirements and other regulatory requirements, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to restrictions on their ability to make dividend payments, loans or other transfers of cash to their parent companies. such restrictions, unless amended or waived or unless regulatory approval is granted, limit the use of any cash generated by these subsidiaries to pay our obligations. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid by our insurance company subsidiaries without prior approval of the applicable state insurance departments is subject to restrictions relating to statutory surplus, statutory income and unassigned surplus. as of december 31, 2017, the amount of capital and surplus or net worth that was unavailable for the payment of dividends or return of capital to us was $2,251 million in the aggregate.
recent accounting pronouncements for this information, refer to note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, included herein.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. our accounting policies regarding intangible assets, medical claims liability and revenue recognition are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by our management. as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we have reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
goodwill and intangible assets we have made several acquisitions that have resulted in our recording of intangible assets. these intangible assets primarily consist of customer relationships, purchased contract rights, provider contracts, trade names and goodwill. we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. goodwill is generally attributable to the value of the synergies between the combined companies and the value of the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. at december 31, 2017, we had $4,749 million of goodwill and $1,398 million of other intangible assets.
intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the following periods:
intangible asset            amortization period purchased contract rights          5 - 15 years provider contracts                 4 - 15 years customer relationships             3 - 15 years trade names                        7 - 20 years developed technologies                  5 years our management evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred that may affect the estimated useful life or the recoverability of the remaining balance of goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets. if the events or circumstances indicate that the remaining balance of the intangible asset or goodwill may be impaired, the potential impairment will be measured based upon the difference between the carrying amount of the intangible asset or goodwill and the fair value of such asset. our management must make assumptions and estimates, such as the discount factor, future utility and other internal and external factors, in determining the estimated fair values. while we believe these assumptions and estimates are appropriate, other assumptions and estimates could be applied and might produce significantly different results.
goodwill is reviewed annually during the fourth quarter for impairment. in addition, an impairment analysis of intangible assets would be performed based on other factors. these factors include significant changes in membership, state funding, medical contracts and provider networks and contracts.
we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. we generally do not calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless we determine, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. however, in certain circumstances, such as recent acquisitions, we may elect to perform a quantitative assessment without first assessing qualitative factors. the fair value of all reporting units with material amounts of goodwill was substantially in excess of the carrying value as of our annual impairment testing date.
medical claims liability our medical claims liability includes claims reported but not yet paid, or inventory, estimates for claims incurred but not reported, or ibnr, and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. we estimate our medical claims liability using actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. these actuarial methods consider factors such as historical data for payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, utilization of healthcare services and other relevant factors.
actuarial standards of practice generally require that the medical claims liability estimates be adequate to cover obligations under moderately adverse conditions. moderately adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of estimate. in many situations, the claims amounts ultimately settled will be different than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice. we include in our ibnr an estimate for medical claims liability under moderately adverse conditions which represents the risk of adverse deviation of the estimates in our actuarial method of reserving.
we use our judgment to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of the required estimates. the assumptions we consider when estimating ibnr include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, healthcare service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims.
we apply various estimation methods depending on the claim type and the period for which claims are being estimated. for more recent periods, incurred non-inpatient claims are estimated based on historical per member per month claims experience adjusted for known factors. incurred hospital inpatient claims are estimated based on known inpatient utilization data and prior claims experience adjusted for known factors. for older periods, we utilize an estimated completion factor based on our historical experience to develop ibnr estimates. the completion factor is an actuarial estimate of the percentage of claims incurred during a given period that have been received or adjudicated as of the reporting period to the estimate of the total ultimate incurred costs. when we commence operations in a new state or region, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. see "risk factors - failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows." these approaches are consistently applied to each period presented.
additionally, we contract with independent actuaries to review our estimates on a quarterly basis. the independent actuaries provide us with a review letter that includes the results of their analysis of our medical claims liability. we do not solely rely on their report to adjust our claims liability. we utilize their calculation of our claims liability only as additional information, together with management's judgment, to determine the assumptions to be used in the calculation of our liability for claims.
our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims receipts and payment information becomes available. as more complete claims information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimates, and include the changes in estimates in medical costs in the period in which the changes are identified. in every reporting period, our operating results include the effects of more completely developed medical claims liability estimates associated with previously reported periods. we consistently apply our reserving methodology from period to period. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial models accordingly to establish medical claims liability estimates.
the paid and received completion factors, claims per member per month and per diem cost trend factors are the most significant factors affecting the ibnr estimate. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by changes in these factors based on december 31, 2017 data:
completion factors: (1)                                                                            cost trend factors: (2)
(decrease)increasein factors                                            increase                   (decrease)increasein factors                                            increase
(decrease) in                                                                                      (decrease) in medical claims                                                                                     medical claims liabilities                                                                                        liabilities
(1) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in completion factors.
(2) reflects estimated potential changes in medical claims liability caused by changes in cost trend factors for the most recent periods.
while we believe our estimates are appropriate, it is possible future events could require us to make significant adjustments for revisions to these estimates. for example, a 1% increase or decrease in our estimated medical claims liability would have affected net earnings by $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, excluding the effect of any return of premium, risk corridor, or minimum mlr programs. the estimates are based on our historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our providers and information available from other outside sources.
the change in medical claims liability is summarized as follows (in millions):
acquisitions                                               -                                                               1,482                                                                  79
(1) days in claims payable is a calculation of medical claims liability at the end of the period divided by average expense per calendar day for the fourth quarter of each year.
medical claims are usually paid within a few months of the member receiving service from the physician or other healthcare provider. as a result, the liability generally is described as having a "short-tail," which causes less than 5% of our medical claims liability as of the end of any given year to be outstanding the following year. we believe that substantially all the development of the estimate of medical claims liability as of december 31, 2017 will be known by the end of 2018.
changes in estimates of incurred claims for prior years are primarily attributable to reserving under moderately adverse conditions. additionally, as a result of minimum hbr and other return of premium programs, approximately $1 million, $39 million and $47 million of the "incurred related to: prior years" was recorded as a reduction to premium revenues in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. further, claims processing initiatives yielded increased claim payment recoveries and coordination of benefits related to prior year dates of service. changes in medical utilization and cost trends and the effect of medical management initiatives may also contribute to changes in medical claim liability estimates. while we have evidence that medical management initiatives are effective on a case by case basis, medical management initiatives primarily focus on events and behaviors prior to the incurrence of the medical event and generation of a claim. accordingly, any change in behavior, leveling of care, or coordination of treatment occurs prior to claim generation and as a result, the costs prior to the medical management initiative are not known by us. additionally, certain medical management initiatives are focused on member and provider education with the intent of influencing behavior to appropriately align the medical services provided with the member's acuity. in these cases, determining whether the medical management initiative changed the behavior cannot be determined. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the volume of claims that we process, we are unable to practically quantify the impact of these initiatives on our changes in estimates of ibnr.
the following are examples of medical management initiatives that may have contributed to the favorable development through lower medical utilization and cost trends:
   appropriate leveling of care for neonatal intensive care unit hospital admissions, other inpatient hospital admissions, and observation admissions, in accordance with interqual or other criteria.
   management of our pre-authorization list and more stringent review of durable medical equipment and injectibles.
   emergency room program designed to collaboratively work with hospitals to steer non-emergency care away from the costly emergency room setting (through patient education, on-site alternative urgent care settings, etc.).
   increased emphasis on case management and clinical rounding where case managers are nurses or social workers who are employed by the health plan to assist selected patients with the coordination of healthcare services in order to meet a patient's specific healthcare needs.
   incorporation of disease management which is a comprehensive, multidisciplinary, collaborative approach to chronic illnesses such as asthma.
   prenatal and infant health programs utilized in our start smart for your baby outreach service.
revenue recognition our health plans generate revenues primarily from premiums received from the states in which we operate health plans. we generally receive a fixed premium per member per month pursuant to our state contracts and recognize premium revenues during the period in which we are obligated to provide services to our members at the amount reasonably estimable. in some instances, our base premiums are subject to an adjustment, or risk score, based on the acuity of its membership. generally, the risk score is determined by the state analyzing submissions of processed claims data to determine the acuity of our membership relative to the entire state's medicaid membership. we estimate the amount of risk adjustment based upon the processed claims data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis. some contracts allow for additional premiums related to certain supplemental services provided such as maternity deliveries.
our contracts with states may require us to maintain a minimum hbr or may require us to share profits in excess of certain levels. in certain circumstances, our plans may be required to return premium to the state in the event profits exceed established levels. we estimate the effect of these programs and recognize reductions in revenue in the current period. other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to receive additional or full contractual revenue. for performance-based contracts, we do not recognize revenue subject to refund until data is sufficient to measure performance.
revenues are recorded based on membership and eligibility data provided by the states, which is adjusted on a monthly basis by the states for retroactive additions or deletions to membership data. these eligibility adjustments are estimated monthly and subsequent adjustments are made in the period known. we continuously review and updates those estimates as new information becomes available. it is possible that new information could require us to make additional adjustments, which could be significant, to these estimates.
our medicare advantage contracts are with cms. cms deploys a risk adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to all health plans according to health severity and certain demographic factors. the cms risk adjustment model pays more for members whose medical history would indicate that they are expected to have higher medical costs. under this risk adjustment methodology, cms calculates the risk adjusted premium payment using diagnosis data from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, physician treatment settings as well as prescription drug events. we and the healthcare providers collect, compile and submit the necessary and available diagnosis data to cms within prescribed deadlines. we estimate risk adjustment revenues based upon the diagnosis data submitted and expected to be submitted to cms and record revenues on a risk adjusted basis.
our specialty services generate revenues under contracts with state and federal programs, healthcare organizations and other commercial organizations, as well as from our own subsidiaries. revenues are recognized when the related services are provided or as ratably earned over the covered period of services. we recognize revenue related to administrative services under the tricare government-sponsored managed care support contract on a straight-line basis over the option period, when the fees become fixed and determinable. the tricare contract includes various performance-based incentives and penalties. for each of the incentives or penalties, we adjust revenue accordingly based on the amount that it has earned or incurred at each interim date and are legally entitled to in the event of a contract termination.
some states enact premium taxes, similar assessments and provider pass-through payments, collectively premium taxes, and these taxes are recorded as a separate component of both revenues and operating expenses. additionally, our insurance subsidiaries are subject to the affordable care act annual hif. if we are able to negotiate reimbursement of portions of these premium taxes or the hif, we recognize revenue associated with the hif on a straight-line basis when we have binding agreements for such reimbursements, including the "gross-up" to reflect the hifs non-tax deductible nature. collectively, this revenue is recorded as premium tax and health insurer fee revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.