item 1a. risk factors this section highlights specific risks that could affect our business. although we have tried to discuss all material risks of which we are aware at the time this report has been filed, other risks may prove to be important in the future, including those that are not currently ascertainable. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements include:
general economic and market risks changes and instability in the macroeconomic environment may adversely affect our industry, business, results of operations and financial condition.
we offer a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients. we market our credit card products on a national basis throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom and offer banking and other services in many regions within the united states. a prolonged period of economic volatility, slow growth, or a significant deterioration in economic conditions, in the united states or one of these countries could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as customers default on their loans or maintain lower deposit levels or, in the case of credit card accounts, carry lower balances and reduce credit card purchase activity.
some of the risks we may face in connection with adverse changes and instability in macroeconomic environment include the following:
•   payment patterns may change, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. in addition, changes in consumer confidence levels and behavior, including decreased consumer spending, lower demand for credit and a shift in consumer payment behavior towards avoiding late fees, finance charges and other fees, could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
•   our ability to recover debt that we have previously charged-off may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
•   the process and models we use to estimate our allowance for loan and lease losses may become less reliable if volatile economic conditions, changes in the competitive environment, significant changes in customer behavior or other unexpected variations in key inputs and assumptions cause actual losses to diverge from the projections of our models. as a result, our estimates for credit losses may become increasingly subject to management's judgment and high levels of volatility over short periods of time, which could negatively impact our results of operations. see "there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models and data in our business."
•   risks associated with financial market instability and volatility could cause a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our funding costs. for example, increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could negatively impact our results of operations.
•   our ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to engage in funding transactions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations, which could limit our access to funding.
•   while interest rates have risen from historic lows set in 2016, both shorter-term and longer-term interest rates remain below long-term historical averages and the yield curve has been relatively flat compared to past periods. a flat yield curve combined with low interest rates generally leads to lower revenue and reduced margins because it tends to limit our ability to increase the spread between asset yields and funding costs. sustained periods of time with a flat yield curve coupled with low interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and our net interest margin.
18      capital one financial corporation (cof)
regulatory risk compliance with new and existing laws, regulations and regulatory expectations may increase our costs, reduce our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities and increase compliance challenges.
legislation and regulation with respect to the financial services industry has increased in recent years, and we expect that oversight of our business may continue to expand in scope and complexity. a wide array of banking and consumer lending laws apply to almost every aspect of our business. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in financial, structural and operational penalties, including significant fines and criminal sanctions, and could result in negative publicity or damage to our reputation with regulators or the public. in addition, establishing systems and processes to achieve compliance with these laws and regulations may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities.
we are subject to heightened regulatory oversight by the federal banking regulators to ensure that we build systems and processes that are commensurate with the nature of our business and that meet the heightened risk management and enhanced prudential standards issued by our regulators. for example, over the last several years, state and federal regulators have focused on compliance with the bank secrecy act and anti-money laundering laws, data integrity and security, use of service providers, fair lending and other consumer protection issues. in july 2015, capital one entered into a consent order with the occ to address concerns about our anti-money laundering ("aml") program ("aml program"). although we are making substantial progress in taking the steps and making the improvements required by the occ consent order, we expect heightened oversight of our aml program will continue for the foreseeable future.
the dodd-frank act, other regulatory reforms and implementing regulations have increased our need to develop, monitor and maintain compliance processes and infrastructure and to otherwise enhance our risk management throughout all aspects of our business. the cumulative impact of these changes also includes higher expectations for the amount of capital and liquidity we must maintain, as discussed in more detail below under the heading "we may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our shareholders," and higher operational costs, which may further increase as regulators continue to implement such reforms. united states government agencies charged with adopting and interpreting laws, rules and regulations, including under the dodd-frank act, may do so in an unforeseen manner, including in ways that potentially expand the impact of such laws, rules or regulations on us more than initially contemplated or currently anticipated. both congress and the regulators continue to review the laws and regulations that could have impacts beyond those initially contemplated or currently anticipated.
we have a large number of customer accounts in our credit card and auto lending businesses and we have made the strategic choice to originate and service subprime credit cards and auto loans which typically have higher delinquencies and charge-offs than prime customers. accordingly, we have significant involvement with credit bureau reporting and the collection and recovery of delinquent and charged-off debt, primarily through customer communications, the filing of litigation against customers in default, the periodic sale of charged-off debt and vehicle repossession. the banking industry is subject to enhanced legal and regulatory scrutiny regarding credit bureau reporting and debt collection practices from regulators, courts and legislators. any future changes to our business practices in these areas, including our debt collection practices, whether mandated by regulators, courts, legislators or otherwise, or any legal liabilities resulting from our business practices, including our debt collection practices, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.
the legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, liquidity and capital levels. in addition, some rules and regulations may be subject to litigation or other challenges that delay or modify their implementation and impact on us. for example, the tax act has resulted in material impacts to our results of operations due to changes to the valuation of our deferred tax assets, the valuation of other tax assets, and tax expense, and may affect customer behavior and our ability to forecast our effective tax rate. many aspects of the tax act are unclear and may not be clarified for some time. as a result, we have not yet been able to determine the full impact of the new laws on our business, operating results and financial condition. for example, in the united kingdom and europe, continued regulatory uncertainty or changes arising from brexit negotiations could adversely affect our u.k. operations.
certain laws and regulations, and any interpretations and applications with respect thereto, may benefit consumers, borrowers and depositors, but not shareholders. our success depends on our ability to maintain compliance with both existing and new laws and regulations. for a description of the material laws and regulations to which we are subject, please refer to "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation."
19      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit risk we may experience increased delinquencies, credit losses, inaccurate estimates and inadequate reserves.
like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not repay their loans. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders, whether as a result of higher debt levels or rising interest rates, or by restricted availability of credit generally. we may fail to quickly identify customers that are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models.
rising losses or leading indicators of rising losses (such as higher delinquencies, higher rates of non-performing loans, higher bankruptcy rates, lower collateral values or elevated unemployment rates) may require us to increase our allowance for loan and lease losses, which may degrade our profitability if we are unable to raise revenue or reduce costs to compensate for higher losses. in particular, we face the following risks in this area:
•   missed payments: our customers may miss payments. loan charge-offs (including from bankruptcies) are generally preceded by missed payments or other indications of worsening financial condition for our customers. customers are more likely to miss payments during an economic downturn or prolonged periods of slow economic growth. in addition, we face the risk that consumer and commercial customer behavior may change (for example, an increase in the unwillingness or inability of customers to repay debt, which may be heightened by increasing interest rates or levels of consumer debt generally), causing a long-term rise in delinquencies and charge-offs.
•   estimates of inherent losses: the credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. we allow for and reserve against credit risks based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolios. this process, which is critical to our financial results and condition, requires complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. we may underestimate our inherent losses and fail to hold an allowance for loan and lease losses sufficient to account for these losses. incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimations of inherent losses and inadequate allowance for loan and lease losses. in cases where we modify a loan, if the modifications do not perform as anticipated we may be required to build additional allowance on these loans. the build or release of allowances impacts our current financial results.
•   underwriting: our ability to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers may diminish, which could result in an increase in our credit losses and a deterioration of our returns. see "our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk."
•   business mix: we engage in a diverse mix of businesses with a broad range of potential credit exposure. our business mix could change in ways that could adversely affect the credit quality of our portfolio. because we originate a relatively greater proportion of consumer loans in our loan portfolio compared to other large bank peers and originate both prime and subprime credit card accounts and auto loans, we may experience higher delinquencies and a greater number of accounts charging off compared to other large bank peers, which could result in increased credit losses, operating costs and regulatory scrutiny.
•   charge-off recognition / allowance for loan and lease losses: we account for the allowance for loan and lease losses according to accounting and regulatory guidelines and rules, including financial accounting standards board ("fasb") standards and the federal financial institutions examination council ("ffiec") account management guidance. in june 2016, the fasb issued revised guidance for impairments on financial instruments. the guidance, which becomes effective on january 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted no earlier than january 1, 2019, requires use of a current expected credit loss ("cecl") model that is based on expected rather than incurred losses. adoption of the cecl model could require changes in our account management or allowance for loan and lease losses practices, and may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses and credit losses to change materially.
20      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   collateral: the collateral we have on secured loans could be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses. when customers default on their secured loans, we attempt to recover collateral where permissible and appropriate. however, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan, and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from our customers. decreases in real estate values adversely affect the collateral value for our commercial lending activities, while the auto business is similarly exposed to collateral risks arising from the auction markets that determine used car prices. therefore, the recovery of such property could be insufficient to compensate us for the value of these loans. borrowers may be less likely to continue making payments on loans if the value of the property used as collateral for the loan is less than what the borrower owes, even if the borrower is still financially able to make the payments. trends in home prices are a driver of credit costs in our home loan business as they impact both the probability of default and the loss severity of defaults. additionally, the potential volatility in the number of defaulted and modified loans from changes in home prices can create material impacts on the servicing costs of the business, fluctuations in credit marks and profitability in acquired portfolios and volatility in mortgage servicing rights valuations. although home prices have generally appreciated recently, the slow economic recovery, shifts in monetary policy and potentially diminishing demands from investors could threaten or limit the recovery. in our auto business, if vehicle prices experience declines, we could be adversely affected. for example, business and economic conditions that negatively affect household incomes, housing prices, and consumer behavior related to our businesses could decrease (i) the demand for new and used vehicles and (ii) the value of the collateral underlying our portfolio of auto loans, which could cause the number of consumers who become delinquent or default on their loans to increase.
•   geographic and industry concentration: although our consumer lending is geographically diversified, approximately 30% of our commercial loan portfolio is concentrated in the tri-state area of new york, new jersey and connecticut. the regional economic conditions in the tri-state area affect the demand for our commercial products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay their commercial loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. an economic downturn or prolonged period of slow economic growth in, or a catastrophic event that disproportionately affects, the tri-state area could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our commercial loan portfolio and our results of operations. in addition, our commercial banking strategy includes an industry-specific focus. if any of the industries that we focus on experience changes, we may experience increased credit losses and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. for example, as of december 31, 2017, energy-related loan balances represented approximately 4% of our total commercial loan portfolio. this amount is comprised of loans to commercial entities in the energy industry, such as exploration and production, oil field services, and pipeline transportation of gas and crude oil, as well as loans to entities in industries that are indirectly impacted by energy prices, such as petroleum wholesalers, oil and gas equipment manufacturing, air transportation, and petroleum bulk stations and terminals. in recent years, oil prices have fluctuated significantly, which has impacted many of the borrowers in this portfolio and the value of the collateral securing our loans to these borrowers. a prolonged period of declining oil prices could impair their ability to service loans outstanding to them and/or reduce demand for loans. if energy-related industries or any of the other industries that we focus on experience adverse changes, we may experience increased credit losses and our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
capital and liquidity risk we may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our shareholders.
as a result of the dodd-frank act and the united states implementation of international accords, financial institutions are subject to new and increased capital and liquidity requirements, and we expect further changes to these regulations. although united states regulators have finalized regulations for many of these requirements, continued uncertainty remains as to the form additional new requirements will take or how and when they will apply to us. as a result, it is possible that we could be required to increase our capital and/or liquidity levels above the levels assumed in our current financial plans. these new requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to lend, grow deposit balances or make acquisitions and limit our ability to make most capital distributions. higher capital levels also lower our return on equity.
in addition, as described further above in "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation," for regulatory capital purposes we entered parallel run on january 1, 2015. we will become subject to the basel iii advanced approaches framework for purposes of determining our regulatory capital requirements once we receive regulatory approval to do so, although the exact timing of when such approval may be granted is uncertain. although we have current estimates of risk-weighted asset calculations under that framework, there remains uncertainty around future regulatory interpretations of certain aspects of those calculations. moreover, the so-called collins amendment to the dodd-frank act, as implemented in the basel iii capital rule, establishes a capital floor so that organizations subject to the basel iii advanced approaches may not hold less capital than would be required using the
21      capital one financial corporation (cof)
basel iii standardized approach capital calculations. additionally, in december 2017 the basel committee on banking supervision finalized certain modifications to the international basel iii capital standards which, if implemented by the united states federal banking agencies, could alter regulatory capital requirements. therefore, we cannot assure you that our current estimates will be correct, and we may need to hold significantly more regulatory capital in the future than we currently estimate to maintain a given capital ratio.
in april 2016, the united states federal banking agencies proposed a rule regarding the united states implementation of the net stable funding ratio ("proposed nsfr"). see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for further details regarding the proposed nsfr. the financial and operational impact on us of a final nsfr rule remains uncertain until a final rule is published, and there is uncertainty as to the combined impact of the existing liquidity coverage ratio and any final nsfr on how we manage our business. see "note 12-regulatory and capital adequacy" and "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation-dividends, stock repurchases and transfers of funds" for additional information regarding recent developments in capital and liquidity requirements.
we consider various factors in the management of capital, including the impact of stress on our capital levels, as determined by both our internal modeling and the federal reserve's modeling of our capital position in supervisory stress tests and ccar. there can be significant differences between our modeling and the federal reserve's estimates for a given scenario and between the capital needs suggested by our internal bank holding company scenarios relative to the supervisory scenarios. therefore, although our estimated capital levels under stress disclosed as part of the ccar or dfast processes may suggest that we have substantial capacity to return capital to shareholders and remain well capitalized under stress, the federal reserve's modeling, our own modeling of another scenario or other factors related to our capital management process may result in a materially lower capacity to return capital to shareholders than that indicated by the projections released in the ccar or dfast processes. this in turn could lead to restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and engage in share repurchase transactions. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information.
our ability to retain and attract new customers depends on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure or adapt to technological advances involving such infrastructure, which can be a challenge due to the fast pace of digital transformation and advances. we are embedding technology, data and software development deeply into our business model and how we work.
similar to other large corporations, we are exposed to operational risk that can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, inaccurate models, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or persons outside of our company and exposure to external events. in addition, we are heavily dependent on the security, capability and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, interface with our customers and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns.
in addition, our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. if any of our financial, accounting or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. we may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages, design flaws in foundational components or platforms, availability and quality of vulnerability patches from key vendors, cyber-attacks, including distributed denial of service ("ddos") attacks discussed below, natural disasters, other damage to property or physical assets or events arising from local or larger scale politics, including terrorist acts. any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate our businesses, service customer accounts and protect customers' information, or result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage, regulatory intervention and customers' loss of confidence in our businesses, any of which could result in a material adverse effect.
we also rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with which we do business and to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of operational and technological functionality. for example, we have migrated a number of, and intend to migrate substantially all, of our core systems and customer-facing applications to third-party cloud infrastructure platforms such as amazon web services, inc. if we do not execute the transition or administer these new environments in a well-managed, secure and effective manner, we may experience unplanned service disruption or unforeseen costs which may harm our business and operating results. we must successfully develop and maintain information, financial reporting, data-protection and other
22      capital one financial corporation (cof)
controls adapted to our reliance on new platforms and providers. in addition, our cloud infrastructure providers, or other service providers, could experience system breakdowns or failures, outages, downtime, cyber-attacks, adverse changes to financial condition, bankruptcy or other adverse conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. thus, the substantial amount of our infrastructure that we outsource to "the cloud" or to other third parties may increase our risk exposure.
our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality and reliability of our operational and technology systems. any disruptions, failures or inaccuracies of our operational and technology systems and models, including those associated with improvements or modifications to such systems and models, could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services, manage our risk, meet our regulatory obligations or report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. in addition, our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. as our business develops, changes or expands, additional expenses can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases or other acquisitions, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the integration of newly acquired businesses. if we are unable to successfully manage our expenses, our financial results will be negatively affected.
our products and services involve the gathering, management, processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers and their accounts, our employees and other third parties with which we do business. our ability to provide such products and services, many of which are web-based, depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies and business secrets. to provide these products and services to, as well as communicate with, our customers, we rely on information systems and infrastructure, including digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, networks and other web-based technologies, that we and third-party service providers operate. we also have arrangements in place with third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers.
like other financial services firms, technologies, systems, networks and devices of capital one or our customers, employees, service providers or other third parties with whom we interact continue to be the subject of attempted unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, denial-of-service attacks, computer viruses, website defacement, hacking, malware, ransomware, phishing or other forms of social engineering, and other forms of cyber-attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, and other events. these threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees, insiders or third parties or may result from accidental technological failure. any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other third-party users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or third parties with whom we interact. further, cyber and information security risks for large financial institutions like us have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists, activists, formal and informal instrumentalities of foreign governments and other external parties. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use computers, smartphones, tablet pcs and other mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems.
as a financial institution, we are subject to and examined for compliance with an array of data protection laws, regulations and guidance, as well as to our own internal privacy and information security policies and programs. however, because the methods and techniques employed by perpetrators of fraud and others to attack, disable, degrade or sabotage platforms, systems and applications change frequently, are increasingly sophisticated and often are not fully recognized or understood until after they have occurred, and some techniques could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected, we and our third-party service providers and partners may be unable to anticipate or identify certain attack methods in order to implement effective preventative measures or mitigate or remediate the damages caused in a timely manner. we may also be unable to hire and develop talent capable of detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. although we believe we have a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management program, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. we may face an increasing number of attempted cyber-attacks as we expand our
23      capital one financial corporation (cof)
a disruption or breach, including as a result of a cyber-attack, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities at capital one or at third-party service providers, could result in significant legal and financial exposure, regulatory intervention, remediation costs, card reissuance, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could adversely affect our business. we and other u.s. financial services providers continue to be targeted with evolving and adaptive cybersecurity threats from sophisticated third parties. although we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber incidents, there can be no assurance that unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur or that we will not suffer such losses in the future. unauthorized access or cyber incidents could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale. if future attacks like these are successful or if customers are unable to access their accounts online for other reasons, it could adversely impact our ability to service customer accounts or loans, complete financial transactions for our customers or otherwise operate any of our businesses or services. in addition, a breach or attack affecting one of our third-party service providers or partners could harm our business even if we do not control the service that is attacked.
in addition, the increasing prevalence and the evolution of cyber-attacks and other efforts to breach or disrupt our systems or those of our partners, retailers or other market participants has led, and will likely continue to lead, to increased costs to us with respect to preventing, mitigating and remediating these risks, as well as any related attempted fraud. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our information systems and infrastructure or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. for example, various retailers have continued to be victims of cyber-attacks in which customer data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. in these situations, we incur a variety of costs, including those associated with replacing the compromised cards and remediating fraudulent transaction activity. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general which could result in reduced use of our financial products. though we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event.
our exposure to potential data protection and privacy incidents, and our required compliance with regulations related to these areas, may increase our costs, reduce our revenue and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities.
if our information systems or infrastructure or those of our customers, partners, service providers or other market participants experience a significant disruption or breach, it could lead, depending on the nature of the disruption or breach, to the unauthorized access to and release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of personal or confidential data about our customers, employees or other third parties in our possession. any party that obtains this personal or confidential data through a breach or disruption may use this information for ransom, to be paid by us or a third-party, as part of a fraudulent activity that is part of a broader criminal activity, or for other illicit purposes. further, such disruption or breach could also result in unauthorized access to our proprietary information, intellectual property, software, methodologies and business secrets and in unauthorized transactions in capital one accounts or unauthorized access to personal or confidential information maintained by those entities. for example, there has been a significant proliferation of consumer information available on the internet resulting from breaches of third-party entities, including personal information, log-in credentials and authentication data. while capital one was not directly involved in these third-party breach events, the stolen information can create a vulnerability for our customers if their capital one log-in credentials are the same as or similar to the credentials that have been compromised on other sites. this vulnerability could include the risk of unauthorized account access, data loss and fraud. the use of automation software, or "bots," can increase the velocity and efficacy of these types of attacks. a data protection incident, or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities at capital one or at third-party service providers, could result in significant legal and financial exposure, regulatory intervention, remediation costs, card reissuance, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could adversely affect our business.
we regularly move data across national borders to conduct our operations, and consequently are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in the united states and abroad regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. for example, the gdpr, which becomes effective in may 2018, extends the scope of the eu data protection law to all companies processing data of eu residents, regardless of the company's location. the law requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including new rights such as the "portability" of personal data. our efforts to comply with gdpr and other privacy and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses,
24      capital one financial corporation (cof)
may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could limit the services we are able to offer. furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations, or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
legal risk our businesses are subject to the risk of increased litigation, government investigations and regulatory enforcement.
our businesses are subject to increased litigation, government investigations and other regulatory enforcement risks as a result of a number of factors and from various sources, including the highly regulated nature of the financial services industry, the focus of state and federal prosecutors on banks and the financial services industry, the structure of the credit card industry and business practices in the mortgage business. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation, government investigations and regulatory enforcement decisions, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against us, there can be significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability we may incur from these kinds of matters. the finding, or even the assertion, of substantial legal liability against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and could cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business.
in addition, financial institutions, including us, have faced significant regulatory scrutiny over the past several years, which has increasingly led to public enforcement actions. we and our subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation and periodic examination by the federal reserve, the sec, occ, fdic and cfpb. we have been subject to enforcement actions by many of these and other regulators and may continue to be involved in such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations and enforcement proceedings, including by the department of justice and state attorneys general. we expect that regulators and governmental enforcement bodies will continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing supervisory concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings, which could involve restrictions on our activities, among other limitations that could adversely affect our business. in addition, a violation of law or regulation by another financial institution is likely to give rise to an investigation by regulators and other governmental agencies of the same or similar practices by us. for example, various regulatory and governmental agencies initiated an industry-wide supervisory initiative regarding sales practices and sales incentive compensation structures following a public enforcement action at another financial institution. in addition, a single event may give rise to numerous and overlapping investigations and proceedings. these and other initiatives from governmental authorities and officials may subject us to further judgments, settlements, fines or penalties, or cause us to restructure our operations and activities or to cease offering certain products or services, all of which could harm our reputation or lead to higher operational costs. litigation, government investigations and other regulatory actions could involve restrictions on our activities, generally subject us to significant fines, increased expenses, restrictions on our activities and damage to our reputation and our brand, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
other business risks we face intense competition in all of our markets.
we operate in a highly competitive environment, whether in making loans, attracting deposits or in the global payments industry, and we expect competitive conditions to continue to intensify with respect to most of our products. we compete on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we charge on the loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality and range of our customer service, products, innovation and experience. this increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in technology, product delivery systems and regulation, as well as the emergence of new or significantly larger financial service providers, all of which may affect our customers' expectations and demands.
some of our competitors, including new and emerging competitors in the digital and mobile payments space and other financial technology providers, are not subject to the same regulatory requirements or legislative scrutiny to which we are subject, which also could place us at a competitive disadvantage, in particular in the development of new technology platforms or the ability to rapidly innovate. we compete with many forms of payments offered by both bank and non-bank providers, including a variety of new and evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as aggregators and web-based and wireless payment platforms or technologies, digital currencies, prepaid systems and payment services targeting users of social networks and online gaming (including, for example, those offering payment through mobile phone accounts). if we are unable to continue to keep pace with innovation, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may give those competitors advantages, including a more diversified product and customer base, the ability to reach out to more customers and potential customers, operational efficiencies,
25      capital one financial corporation (cof)
broad-based local distribution capabilities, lower-cost funding and larger existing branch networks. many of our competitors are also focusing on cross-selling their products and developing new products or technologies, which could affect our ability to maintain or grow existing customer relationships or require us to offer lower interest rates or fees on our lending products or higher interest rates on deposits. price competition for loans might result in origination of fewer loans or earning less on our loans.
as of december 31, 2017, we operate the largest online direct bank in the u.s. by deposits. while direct banking represents a significant opportunity to attract new customers that value greater and more flexible access to banking services at reduced costs, we face strong competition in the direct banking market. aggressive pricing throughout the industry may adversely affect the retention of existing balances and the cost-efficient acquisition of new deposit funds and may affect our growth and profitability. in addition, the effects of a competitive environment may be exacerbated by the flexibility of direct banking and the increasing financial and technological sophistication of our customer base. customers could also close their online accounts or reduce balances or deposits in favor of products and services offered by competitors for other reasons. these shifts, which could be rapid, could result from general dissatisfaction with our products or services, including concerns over pricing, online security or our reputation.
in our credit card business, competition for rewards customers may result in higher rewards expenses, or we may fail to attract new customers or retain existing rewards customers due to increasing competition for these consumers. we have expanded our credit card partnership business over the past several years with the additions of a number of credit card partnerships. the market for key business partners, especially in the credit card business, is very competitive, and we may not be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships. we face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have invested significant resources, time and expense into acquiring and developing the relationships. the loss of any of our key business partners could have a negative impact on our results of operations, including lower returns, excess operating expense and excess funding capacity.
some of our competitors have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer richer value propositions or a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising, marketing or cross-selling strategies to acquire and retain more customers, capture a greater share of spending and borrowings, attain and develop more attractive cobrand card programs and maintain greater merchant acceptance than we have. we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors.
in such a competitive environment, we may lose entire accounts or may lose account balances to competing firms, or we may find it more costly to maintain our existing customer base. customer attrition from any or all of our lending products, together with any lowering of interest rates or fees that we might implement to retain customers, could reduce our revenues and therefore our earnings. similarly, unexpected customer attrition from our deposit products, in addition to an increase in rates or services that we may offer to retain deposits, may increase our expenses and therefore reduce our earnings.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card networks and by regulation and legislation impacting such fees.
credit card interchange fees are generally one of the largest components of the costs that merchants pay in connection with the acceptance of credit cards and are a meaningful source of revenue for our credit card businesses. interchange fees are the subject of significant and intense global legal, regulatory and legislative focus, and the resulting decisions, regulations and legislation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business, financial condition and results of operations.
regulators and legislative bodies in a number of countries are seeking to reduce credit card interchange fees through legislation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank regulation and or litigation. interchange reimbursement rates in the united states are set by credit card networks such as mastercard and visa. in some jurisdictions, such as canada and certain countries in the european union, interchange fees and related practices are subject to regulatory activity that have limited the ability of certain networks to establish default rates, including in some cases imposing caps on permissible interchange fees. we have already experienced these impacts in our international credit card portfolio. legislators and regulators around the world are aware of each other's approaches to the regulation of the payments industry. consequently, a development in one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in another, such as our primary market, the united states.
in addition to this regulatory activity, merchants are also seeking avenues to reduce interchange fees. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including interchange and similar fees, violate federal antitrust laws. in 2005, a number of entities filed antitrust lawsuits against mastercard and visa and several member banks, including our subsidiaries and us, alleging among other things, that the defendants conspired to fix the level of interchange fees. in december 2013, the u.s.
26      capital one financial corporation (cof)
district court for the eastern district of new york granted final approval of the proposed class settlement. the settlement provided, among other things, that merchants would be entitled to join together to negotiate lower interchange fees. the settlement was appealed to the second circuit court of appeals, which rejected the settlement in june 2016; this litigation remains ongoing. see "note 19-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" for further details.
some major retailers may have sufficient bargaining power to independently negotiate lower interchange fees with mastercard and visa, which could, in turn, result in lower interchange fees for us when our cardholders undertake purchase transactions with these retailers. in 2016, some of the largest merchants individually negotiated lower interchange rates with mastercard and/or visa. these and other merchants also continue to lobby aggressively for caps and restrictions on interchange fees and there can be no assurance that their efforts will not be successful or that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against us or other credit card and debit card issuers and networks.
beyond pursuing litigation, legislation and regulation, merchants may also promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. new payment systems, particularly mobile-based payment technologies, could also gain widespread adoption and lead to issuer transaction fees or the displacement of credit card accounts as a payment method.
the heightened focus by merchants and regulatory and legislative bodies on the fees charged by credit and debit card networks, and the ability of certain merchants to successfully negotiate discounts to interchange fees with mastercard and visa or develop alternative payment systems could result in a reduction of interchange fees. any resulting loss in income to us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we are not able to invest successfully in and introduce digital and other technological developments across all our businesses, our financial performance may suffer.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes and our ability to meet our customers' needs and expectations is key to our ability to grow revenue and earnings. we expect digital technologies to have a significant impact on banking over time. consumers increasingly expect robust digital experiences from their financial services providers. the ability for customers to access their accounts and conduct financial transactions using digital technology, including mobile applications, is an increasingly important aspect of the financial services industry and it impacts our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. to that end, financial institutions are rapidly introducing new digital and other technology-driven products and services, which aim to offer a better customer experience and to reduce costs. we continue to invest in digital technology designed to attract new customers, facilitate the ability of existing customers to conduct financial transactions and enhance the customer experience related to our products and services.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using digital technology to provide products and services that efficiently meet their expectations in a cost-effective manner. the development and launch of new digital products and services depends in large part on our capacity to invest in and build the technology platforms that can enable them. we continue to actively invest in such technology platforms, however, we may fail to implement the correct technology, or may fail to do so in a timely manner as discussed in more detail above under the headings "we face intense competition in all of our markets" and "we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure."
some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may allow those competitors to invest more money into their technology infrastructure and digital innovation than we do. in addition, we face intense competition from smaller companies which experience lower cost structures and different regulatory requirements and scrutiny than we do, and which may allow them to innovate more rapidly than we can. see "we face intense competition in all of our markets." further, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain strong digital and technology leaders, engineers and other talent, and competition for such talent is intense. if we are unable to attract and retain digital and technology talent, our ability to offer digital products and services and build the necessary technology infrastructure could be negatively affected, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to digital products and services, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not implemented in a timely or successful manner, could negatively impact our business and financial results.
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships.
we have engaged in merger and acquisition activity and entered into strategic partnerships over the past several years and may continue to engage in such activity in the future. we continue to evaluate and anticipate engaging in, among other merger and acquisition activity, additional strategic partnerships and selected acquisitions of financial institutions and other financial assets,
27      capital one financial corporation (cof)
including credit card and other loan portfolios. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and secure future acquisition targets on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, or successfully complete proposed mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships, which could impair our growth.
any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership we undertake entails certain risks, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. if we experience greater than anticipated costs to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations, or are not able to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership, including cost savings and other synergies, our business could be negatively affected. in addition, it is possible that the ongoing integration processes could result in the loss of key employees, errors or delays in systems implementation, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with partners, clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership. integration efforts also may divert management attention and resources. these integration matters may have an adverse effect on us during any transition period.
in addition, we may face the following risks in connection with any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership:
•   new businesses and geographic or other markets: our merger, acquisition or strategic partnership activity may involve our entry into new businesses and new geographic areas or other markets which present risks resulting from our relative inexperience in these new businesses or markets. these new businesses or markets may change the overall character of our consolidated portfolio of businesses and could react differently to economic and other external factors. we face the risk that we will not be successful in these new businesses or in these new markets.
•   identification and assessment of merger and acquisition targets and deployment of acquired assets: we cannot assure you that we will identify or acquire suitable financial assets or institutions to supplement our organic growth through acquisitions or strategic partnerships. in addition, we may incorrectly assess the asset quality and value of the particular assets or institutions we acquire. further, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership will depend on our ability to assess the asset quality and value of the particular assets or institutions we partner with, merge with or acquire. we may be unable to profitably deploy any assets we acquire.
•   accuracy of assumptions: in connection with any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership, we may make certain assumptions relating to the proposed merger, acquisition or strategic partnership that may be, or may prove to be, inaccurate, including as a result of the failure to realize the expected benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership. the inaccuracy of any assumptions we may make could result in unanticipated consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
•   target-specific risk: assets and companies that we acquire, or companies that we enter into strategic partnerships with, will have their own risks that are specific to a particular asset or company. these risks include, but are not limited to, particular or specific regulatory, accounting, operational, reputational and industry risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. indemnification rights, if any, may be insufficient to compensate us for any losses or damages resulting from such risks. in addition to regulatory approvals discussed above, certain of our merger, acquisition or partnership activity may require third-party consents in order for us to fully realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction.
•   conditions to regulatory approval: certain acquisitions may not be consummated without obtaining approvals from one or more of our regulators. we cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. consequently, we might be required to sell portions of acquired assets as a condition to receiving regulatory approval or we may not obtain regulatory approval for a proposed acquisition on acceptable terms or at all, in which case we would not be able to complete the acquisition despite the time and expenses invested in pursuing it.
our ability to originate and maintain accounts is highly dependent upon the perceptions of consumer and commercial borrowers and deposit holders and other external perceptions of our business and compliance practices or our financial health. in addition, our brand has historically been, and we expect it to continue to be, very important to us. maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide high-quality products and services. adverse perceptions regarding our reputation in the consumer, commercial and funding markets could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing them. in particular, negative public perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to decreases in the levels of deposits that consumer and commercial customers and potential customers choose to maintain with us or significantly increase
28      capital one financial corporation (cof)
the costs of attracting and retaining customers. in addition, negative perceptions regarding certain industries or clients could also prompt us to cease business activities associated with those industries or clients.
negative public opinion or damage to our brand could also result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including lending practices, regulatory compliance, security breaches (including the use and protection of customer information), corporate governance, and sales and marketing, and from actions taken by regulators or other persons in response to such conduct. such conduct could fall short of our customers' and the public's heightened expectations of companies of our size with rigorous data, privacy and compliance practices, and could further harm our reputation. in addition, third parties with whom we have important relationships may take actions over which we have limited control that could negatively impact perceptions about us or the financial services industry. the proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood that negative public opinion from any of the events discussed above will impact our reputation and business.
in addition, a variety of social factors may cause changes in borrowing activity, including credit card use, payment patterns and the rate of defaults by accountholders and borrowers domestically and internationally. these social factors include changes in consumer confidence levels, the public's perception regarding the banking industry and consumer debt, including credit card use, and changing attitudes about the stigma of bankruptcy. if consumers develop or maintain negative attitudes about incurring debt, or if consumption trends decline or if we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, or we incur significant expenses in this effort, our business and financial results could be materially and negatively affected.
if we are not able to protect our intellectual property, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
we rely on a variety of measures to protect and enhance our intellectual property, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and certain restrictions on disclosure, solicitation and competition. we also undertake other measures to control access to and distribution of our other proprietary information. these measures may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights and a resulting loss of competitive advantage. in addition, our competitors or other third parties may file patent applications for innovations that are used in our industry or allege that our systems, processes or technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. if our competitors or other third parties are successful in obtaining such patents or prevail in intellectual property-related litigation against us, we could lose significant revenues, incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses, or pay significant damages.
we rely on quantitative models, and our ability to manage data and our ability to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner, to assess and manage our various risk exposures and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. our risk reporting and management, including business decisions based on information incorporating models, depend on the effectiveness of our models and our policies, programs, processes and practices governing how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected, processed and analyzed. any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data aggregation and validation procedures, as well as the quality and integrity of data inputs, could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. for example, models based on historical data sets might not be accurate predictors of future outcomes and their ability to appropriately predict future outcomes may degrade over time. while we continuously update our policies, programs, processes and practices, many of our data management and aggregation processes are manual and subject to human error or system failure. failure to manage data effectively and to aggregate data in an accurate and timely manner may limit our ability to manage current and emerging risk, to produce accurate financial, regulatory and operational reporting as well as to manage changing business needs. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operation or financial condition. also, information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk.
management of risk, including market, credit, liquidity, compliance and strategic risks, requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events. see "md&a-risk management" for further details. we have devoted significant resources to developing our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue
29      capital one financial corporation (cof)
to do so in the future. nonetheless, our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if our models for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented.
some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management's judgment. these methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. for example, market conditions during the financial crisis involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical information to manage risk. in addition, credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from, among other things, extending credit to customers. our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the models and approaches we use to select, manage and underwrite our consumer and commercial customers become less predictive of future charge-offs (due, for example, to rapid changes in the economy, including the unemployment rate).
while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. for example, our ability to implement our risk management strategies may be hindered by adverse changes in the volatility or liquidity conditions in certain markets and as a result, may limit our ability to distribute such risks (for instance, when we seek to syndicate exposure in bridge financing transactions we have underwritten). we may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our risk management or investing activities.
changes in consumer behavior and their adoption of digital technology may change retail distribution strategies and may adversely impact our investments in our bank premises and equipment and other retail distribution assets, lead to increased expenditures and expose us to additional risk.
we have significant investments in bank premises and equipment for our branch network and other branch banking assets including our banking centers, parcels of land held for the development of future banking centers and our retail work force. advances in technology such as digital and mobile banking, in-branch self-service technologies, proximity or remote payment technologies, as well as progressively changing customer preferences for these other methods of banking, could decrease the value of our branch network or other retail distribution assets. as a result, we may need to further change our retail distribution strategy and close, sell and/or renovate additional branches or parcels of land held for development and restructure or reduce our remaining branches and work force. these actions could lead to losses on these assets or could adversely impact the carrying value of other long-lived assets, reduce our revenues, increase our expenditures, dilute our brand and/or reduce customer demand for our products and services.
further, to the extent that we change our retail distribution strategy and as a result expand into new business areas, we may face more competitors with more experience in the new business areas and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. our competitors may also be subject to less burdensome regulations. see "we face intense competition in all our markets."
fluctuations in market interest rates or volatility in the capital markets could adversely affect our income and expense, the value of assets and obligations, our regulatory capital, cost of capital or our liquidity.
like other financial institutions, our business may be sensitive to market interest rate movement and the performance of the capital markets. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the capital markets could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to funding required to operate and grow our business. in addition, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact us. for example, we borrow money from other institutions and depositors, which we use to make loans to customers and invest in debt securities and other earning assets. we earn interest on these loans and assets and pay interest on the money we borrow from institutions and depositors. the interest rates that we pay on the securities we have issued are also influenced by, among other things, applicable credit ratings from recognized rating agencies. a downgrade to any of these credit ratings could affect our ability to access the capital markets, increase our borrowing costs and have a negative impact on our results of operations. increased charge-offs, rising london interbank offering rate ("libor") and other events may cause our securitization transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled, which could accelerate our need for additional funding from other sources. fluctuations in interest rates, including changes in the relationship between short-term rates and long-term rates and in the relationship between our funding basis rate and our lending basis rate, may have negative impacts on our net interest income and therefore our earnings.
30      capital one financial corporation (cof)
in addition, interest rate fluctuations and competitor responses to those changes may affect the rate of customer prepayments for mortgage, auto and other term loans and may affect the balances customers carry on their credit cards. although recent increases in interest rates may reduce prepayment risk, debt service requirements for some of our borrowers will increase, which may adversely affect those borrowers' ability to pay as contractually obligated. this could result in additional delinquencies or charge-offs and negatively impact our results of operations. these changes can reduce the overall yield on our earning asset portfolio. changes in interest rates and competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain balances in the deposit accounts they have with us. an inability to attract or maintain deposits could materially affect our ability to fund our business and our liquidity position. many other financial institutions have increased their reliance on deposit funding and, as such, we expect continued competition in the deposit markets. we cannot predict how this competition will affect our costs. if we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. changes in valuations in the debt and equity markets could have a negative impact on the assets we hold in our investment portfolio. such market changes could also have a negative impact on the valuation of assets for which we provide servicing. finally, the basel iii capital rule requires that most amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), including unrealized gains and losses on securities designated as available for sale, be included in our regulatory capital calculations. changes in interest rates or market valuations that result in unrealized losses on components of aoci could therefore impact our regulatory capital ratios negatively.
as a result of recent regulatory and other legal proceedings, actions by regulators or law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the manner in which libor is determined or the establishment of alternative reference rates for floating rate debt. uncertainty as to the nature of potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms may adversely affect the trading market for libor-based securities. in addition, any changes in the method pursuant to which libor is determined may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in libor. if that were to occur, the level of interest payments and the value of libor-indexed debt may be affected. uncertainty as to the extent and manner of future changes may adversely affect the current trading market for libor based securities.
we assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction and the magnitude of interest rate changes. we take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. we face the risk that changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our earnings, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than those we assumed. see "md&a-market risk profile" for additional information.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain key senior leaders, and competition for such senior leaders is intense. the executive compensation provisions of the dodd-frank act and the regulations issued thereunder, and any further legislation, regulation or regulatory guidance restricting executive compensation, may limit the types of compensation arrangements that we may enter into with our most senior leaders and could have a negative impact on our ability to attract, retain and motivate such leaders in support of our long-term strategy. these laws and regulations may not apply in the same manner to all financial institutions, and we therefore may face more restrictions than other institutions and companies with which we compete for talent. these laws and regulations may also hinder our ability to compete for talent with other industries. if we are unable to retain talented senior leadership, our business could be negatively affected.
despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. the impact from natural disasters and other catastrophic events may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems and those of third-parties that we rely on. our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the northern virginia and new york metropolitan areas, as well as richmond, virginia and plano, texas. this may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, electrical outage, environmental hazard, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business. in addition, if a natural disaster or other catastrophic event occurs in certain regions where our business and customers are concentrated, such as the mid-atlantic, new york or texas metropolitan areas, we could be disproportionately impacted as compared to our competitors. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
31      capital one financial corporation (cof)
pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap"), we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including determining our allowance for loan and lease losses, the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, and asset impairment, among other items. in december 2017, congress passed and the president signed into law the tax act, that made significant changes to the u.s. federal tax laws. many aspects of the new legislation are unclear and may not be clarified for some time. as a result, we have relied on reasonable estimates and provisional accounting entries in our accounting for income taxes. the ultimate impact of the tax act may differ from our estimates due to changes in the interpretations and assumptions, as well as additional regulatory guidance that may be issued. in addition, the fasb, the sec and other regulatory bodies may change the financial accounting and reporting standards, including those related to assumptions and estimates we use to prepare our financial statements, in ways that we cannot predict and that could impact our financial statements. for example, in june 2016, the fasb issued revised guidance for impairments on financial instruments. the guidance, which becomes effective on january 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted no earlier than january 1, 2019, requires use of a cecl model that is based on expected rather than incurred losses. we are currently assessing the potential impact of this guidance, which may be material to our accounting for credit losses on financial instruments. if actual results differ from the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements or if financial accounting and reporting standards are changed, we may experience unexpected material losses. for a discussion of our use of estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, see "md&a-critical accounting policies and estimates" and "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends and repurchase common stock.
we are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries, including the banks. dividends to us from our direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the banks, have represented a major source of funds for us to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, repurchase common stock, make payments on corporate debt securities and meet other obligations. there are various federal law limitations on the extent to which the banks can finance or otherwise supply funds to us through dividends and loans. these limitations include minimum regulatory capital requirements, federal banking law requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits or surplus, sections 23a and 23b of the federal reserve act and regulation w governing transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates, as well as general federal regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices. if our subsidiaries' earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our liquidity may be affected and we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common or preferred stockholders, repurchase our common stock, make payments on outstanding corporate debt securities or meet other obligations, each and any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or perception of financial health.
the soundness of other financial institutions and other third parties could adversely affect us.
our ability to engage in routine funding and other transactions could be adversely affected by the stability and actions of other financial services institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, servicing, counterparty and other relationships. we have exposure to an increasing number of financial institutions and counterparties. these counterparties include institutions that may be exposed to various risks over which we have little or no control, including european or u.s. sovereign debt that is currently or may become in the future subject to significant price pressure, rating agency downgrade or default risk.
in addition, we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients, resulting in a significant credit concentration with respect to the financial services industry overall. as a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions.
likewise, adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of our competitors, the financial services industry as a whole and the general economic climate or sovereign debt could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of our business even if we are not subject to the same adverse developments. in addition, adverse developments with respect to third parties with whom we have important relationships also could negatively impact perceptions about us. these perceptions about us could cause our business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that we face.
32      capital one financial corporation (cof)
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")
this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon management's current expectations and are subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances. please review "part i-item 1. business-forward-looking statements" for more information on the forward-looking statements in this 2017 annual report on form 10-k ("this report"). our actual results may differ materially from those included in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, those described in "part i-item 1a. risk factors" in this report. unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017 included in this report.
management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. the following md&a is intended to provide the reader with an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth and credit quality metrics. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017 and accompanying notes. md&a is organized in the following sections:
• executive summary and business outlook       • capital management
• consolidated balance sheets analysis         • credit risk profile
• off-balance sheet arrangements               • liquidity risk profile
• critical accounting policies and estimates   • supplemental tables
our net income of $2.0 billion for 2017 includes charges totaling $1.8 billion related to the enactment of the tax act in the fourth quarter of 2017. see "md&a-income taxes" below for additional information.
our common equity tier 1 capital ratio as calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, including transition provisions, was 10.3% and 10.1% as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see "md&a-capital management" below for additional information.
on june 28, 2017, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.85 billion of shares of our common stock from the third quarter of 2017 through the end of the second quarter of 2018. in december 2017, the board of directors reduced the authorized repurchases of our common stock to up to $1.0 billion for the remaining 2017 ccar period, which ends june 30, 2018 ("2017 stock repurchase program"). see "md&a-capital management-dividend policy and stock purchases" for additional information.
below are additional highlights of our performance in 2017. these highlights are generally based on a comparison between the results of 2017 and 2016, except as otherwise noted. the changes in our financial condition and credit performance are generally based on our financial condition and credit performance as of december 31, 2017 compared to our financial condition and credit performance as of december 31, 2016. we provide a more detailed discussion of our financial performance in the sections following this "executive summary and business outlook."
41      capital one financial corporation (cof)
◦   higher income tax provision due to charges associated with the estimated impacts of the tax act;
◦   higher provision for credit losses primarily driven by higher charge-offs in our domestic credit card loan portfolio;
◦   higher operating expenses as a result of (i) loan growth; (ii) continued investments in technology and infrastructure; and (iii) restructuring activities, which primarily consisted of severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs, that are the result of exiting certain business activities and locations; and
◦   higher interest expense due to the net effect of higher interest rates, as well as growth and mix changes in our interest-bearing liabilities.
these drivers were partially offset by higher interest income due to growth in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios, as well as higher yields as a result of higher interest rates.
◦   period-end loans held for investment increased by $8.9 billion to $254.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily due to growth in our domestic credit card loan portfolio, largely driven by loans obtained in the cabela's acquisition, as well as growth in our auto loan portfolio, partially offset by run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
◦   average loans held for investment increased by $12.3 billion to $245.6 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by growth in our auto, domestic credit card and commercial loan portfolios, partially offset by run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
•   net charge-off and delinquency metrics: our net charge-off rate increased by 50 basis points to 2.67% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to growth and seasoning of recent domestic credit card loan originations.
◦   growth and seasoning of recent domestic credit card loan originations.
we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics below under "md&a-business segment financial performance" and "md&a -credit risk profile."
◦   an allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio primarily due to increasing losses from recent vintages and portfolio seasoning; and
◦   an allowance build in our auto loan portfolio due to higher losses associated with growth.
these drivers were partially offset by an allowance decrease in our commercial loan portfolio primarily driven by charge-offs in our taxi medallion lending portfolio, as well as reduced exposure and improved credit risk ratings in our oil and gas portfolio.
42      capital one financial corporation (cof)
business outlook we discuss below our current expectations regarding our total company performance and the performance of each of our business segments over the near-term based on market conditions, the regulatory environment and our business strategies as of the time we filed this report. the statements contained in this section are based on our current expectations regarding our outlook for our financial results and business strategies. our expectations take into account, and should be read in conjunction with, our expectations regarding economic trends and analysis of our business as discussed in "part i-item 1. business" and "part ii-item 7. md&a" of this report. certain statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. actual results could differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. except as otherwise disclosed, forward-looking statements do not reflect:
•   the effect of any acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions that have not been previously disclosed; or
see "part i-item 1. business-forward-looking statements" in this report for more information on the forward-looking statements included in this report and "part i-item 1a. risk factors" in this report for factors that could materially influence our results.
total company expectations we expect that our current trajectory, coupled with the tax act, will enable us to accelerate 2018 earnings per share growth, excluding adjusting items and assuming no substantial change in the broader economic or credit cycles.
we expect that a majority of the benefit from the tax act will be reflected in our earnings in the near term. over time, we expect that marketplace dynamics will consume a portion of the benefit through increasing competition, including higher levels of marketing, lower prices and higher wages, and we expect that these market effects will increase over time.
we expect our annual effective income tax rate to be around 19% in 2018, plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility.
while our efficiency ratio may vary in any given year, over the long term, we believe that we will be able to achieve gradual improvement in our efficiency ratio driven by growth and digital productivity gains.
we believe that our common equity tier 1 capital ratio on a fully phased-in basis will trend toward the mid-10% range by the end of 2018.
on june 28, 2017, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.85 billion of shares of our common stock from the third quarter of 2017 through the end of the second quarter of 2018 as part of the 2017 stock repurchase program. in december 2017, the board of directors reduced the authorized repurchases of our common stock to up to $1.0 billion for the remaining 2017 ccar period, which ends june 30, 2018. the timing and exact amount of any common stock repurchases will depend on various factors, including regulatory approval, market conditions, opportunities for growth, our capital position, the amount of retained earnings and utilizing rule 10b5-1 programs, and may be suspended at any time. see "md&a-capital management-dividend policy and stock purchases" for more information.
we continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth and returns, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval and market conditions.
business segment expectations credit card: in our domestic card business, we expect that the upward pressure on charge-offs as new loans season and become a larger portion of our overall portfolio will continue to moderate, with a small impact in 2018. as the impact of new loan seasoning moderates, we expect that our delinquency and charge-off rate trends will be driven more by broader industry factors.
43      capital one financial corporation (cof)
consolidated results of operations the section below provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated financial performance for 2017 and 2016. we provide a discussion of our business segment results in the following section, "md&a-business segment financial performance." you should read this section together with our "md&a-executive summary and business outlook," where we discuss trends and other factors that we expect will affect our future results of operations.
net interest income net interest income represents the difference between the interest income, including certain fees, earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense on our interest-bearing liabilities. interest-earning assets include loans, investment securities and other interest-earning assets, while our interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing deposits, securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes, and other borrowings. generally, we include in interest income any past due fees on loans that we deem collectible. our net interest margin, based on our consolidated results, represents the difference between the yield on our interest-earning assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities, including the notional impact of non-interest-bearing funding. we expect net interest income and our net interest margin to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
44      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 1 below presents, for each major category of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the average outstanding balance, interest income earned or interest expense incurred, and average yield for 2017, 2016 and 2015.
credit card                                                       $103,468                            $15,735                    15.21         %          $96,596                        $14,173                     14.67         %           $86,923                $12,387                  14.25         %
investment securities                                               68,896                              1,711                     2.48                     66,260                          1,599                      2.41                      63,738                  1,575                   2.47
liabilities and stockholders' equity:
interest-bearing liabilities:(3)
deposits                                                          $213,949                             $1,602                     0.75         %         $198,304                         $1,213                      0.61         %          $185,677                 $1,091                   0.59         %
securitized debt obligations                                        18,237                                327                     1.79                     16,576                            216                      1.30                      13,929                    151                   1.08
other borrowings and liabilities                                     8,917                                102                     1.14                     18,736                            113                      0.60                      11,297                     53                   0.47
total interest-bearing liabilities                                 268,969                              2,762                     1.03                   $256,033                          2,018                      0.79                    $231,838                  1,625                   0.70
non-interest-bearing deposits                                       25,933                                                                                 25,410                                                                               25,312
other liabilities                                                   10,492                                                                                  9,778                                                                                8,611
total liabilities                                                  305,394                                                                                291,221                                                                              265,761
stockholders' equity                                                49,530                                                                                 48,753                                                                               47,713
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                        $354,924                                                                               $339,974                                                                             $313,474
(2)   some of our commercial loans generate tax-exempt income. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications to present interest income and yields from our commercial banking business on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory rate (35% for all periods presented), with offsetting reductions to the other category. taxable-equivalent adjustments included in the interest income and yield computations for our commercial banking loans totaled approximately $129 million, $126 million and $102 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, with corresponding reductions to other.
(3)   interest income and interest expense and the calculation of average yields on interest-earning assets and average rates on interest-bearing liabilities include the impact of hedge accounting.
45      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   growth in our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios; and
these drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense due to the net effect of higher interest rates, as well as growth and mix changes in our interest-bearing liabilities.
•   growth in our credit card and commercial loan portfolios, including loans acquired from the hfs acquisition; and
•   continued growth in our credit card loan portfolio; and
•   the impact of loans acquired from the hfs acquisition, which generally have lower net interest margins compared to our total company portfolio; and
46      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   changes in the volume of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; or
•   changes in the interest rates related to these assets and liabilities.
credit card                                                   $1,562                 $1,031               $531                $1,786                 $1,410               $376
investment securities                                            112                     65                 47                    24                     61                (37   )
deposits                                                         389                    101                288                   122                     76                 46
securitized debt obligations                                     111                     23                 88                    65                     31                 34
other borrowings and liabilities                                 (11      )             (59    )            48                    60                     41                 19
(1)   we calculate the change in interest income and interest expense separately for each item. the portion of interest income or interest expense attributable to both volume and rate is allocated proportionately when the calculation results in a positive value. when the portion of interest income or interest expense attributable to both volume and rate results in a negative value, the total amount is allocated to volume or rate, depending on which amount is positive.
(2)   some of our commercial loans generate tax-exempt income. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications to present interest income and yields from our commercial banking business on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory rate (35% for all periods presented), with offsetting reductions to the other category.
47      capital one financial corporation (cof)
net securities gains (losses)                                65                   (11    )              (32    )
•   gains from the sale of investment securities as a result of portfolio repositioning.
•   an increase in interchange fees driven by higher purchase volume in our credit card business, net of rewards expense from the continued expansion of our rewards franchise; and
•   lower service charges and other customer-related fees primarily due to the exit of our legacy payment protection products in our domestic card business during the first quarter of 2016.
provision for credit losses our provision for credit losses in each period is driven by net charge-offs, changes to the allowance for loan and lease losses and changes to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. we recorded a provision for credit losses of $7.6 billion, $6.5 billion and $4.5 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the provision for credit losses as a percentage of net interest income was 33.6%, 30.9% and 24.1% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
our provision for credit losses increased by $1.1 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by:
•   higher charge-offs in our domestic credit card loan portfolio due to growth and portfolio seasoning; and
these drivers were partially offset by lower provision in our commercial banking loan portfolio primarily driven by stabilizing industry conditions impacting our oil and gas lending portfolio compared to adverse industry conditions in the prior year.
our provision for credit losses increased by $1.9 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily driven by:
•   higher charge-offs and a larger allowance build in our credit card loan portfolio due to growth and portfolio seasoning;
•   higher charge-offs in our commercial loan portfolio as a result of continued adverse industry conditions impacting our taxi medallion and oil and gas lending portfolios; and
we provide additional information on the provision for credit losses and changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses within "md&a-credit risk profile," "note 4-loans" and "note 5-allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments." for information on the allowance methodology for each of our loan categories, see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
salaries and associate benefits                         $5,899                $5,202                $4,975
•   higher operating expenses associated with loan growth, as well as continued investments in technology and infrastructure; and
•   restructuring activities, which primarily consisted of severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs, that are the result of exiting certain business activities and locations.
•   higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth, as well as continued investments in technology and infrastructure;
48      capital one financial corporation (cof)
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax income (loss) from discontinued operations consists of results from the discontinued mortgage origination operations of our wholesale mortgage banking unit, greenpoint mortgage funding, inc. ("greenpoint") and the discontinued manufactured housing operations of greenpoint credit, llc, a subsidiary of greenpoint, both of which were acquired as part of the north fork bancorporation, inc. ("north fork") acquisition in december 2006. loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $135 million in 2017, primarily driven by a mortgage representation and warranty settlement in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared to loss of $19 million in 2016 and income of $38 million in 2015.
we provide additional information on discontinued operations in "note 2-business developments and discontinued operations" and on the net benefit (provision) for mortgage representation and warranty losses and the related reserve for representation and warranty claims in "md&a-consolidated balance sheets analysis-mortgage representation and warranty reserve" and "note 19-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others."
income taxes we recorded income tax provision of $3.4 billion (61.5% effective income tax rate) in 2017, which includes charges of $1.8 billion associated with the estimated impacts of the tax act. the estimated impacts of the tax act consist of:
•   $76 million associated with the revaluation of our investments in affordable housing projects.
we recorded income tax provisions of $1.7 billion (31.3% effective income tax rate) and $1.9 billion (31.8% effective income tax rate) in 2016 and 2015, respectively. our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations varies between periods due, in part, to fluctuations in our pre-tax earnings, which affects the relative tax benefit of tax-exempt income, tax credits and other permanent tax items.
the increase in our effective income tax rate in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to charges of $1.8 billion associated with the impacts of the tax act, partially offset by a relative increase in the amount of tax credits and tax-exempt income.
the decrease in our effective income tax rate in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower income before taxes and increased tax credits. this decrease was partially offset by reduced discrete tax benefits and a reduced benefit of lower taxed foreign earnings.
we recorded total discrete tax expense of $1.7 billion in 2017, primarily consisting of the charges of $1.8 billion for the estimated impacts of the tax act, and discrete tax benefits of $2 million and $15 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. our effective income tax rate, excluding the impact of discrete tax items, was 29.9%, 31.3% and 32.0% in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we provide additional information on items affecting our income taxes and effective tax rate in "note 16-income taxes."
consolidated balance sheets analysis total assets increased by $8.7 billion to $365.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily driven by an increase in loans held for investment primarily due to growth in our domestic credit card loan portfolio, largely driven by loans obtained in the cabela's acquisition, as well as growth in our auto loan portfolio, partially offset by run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
total liabilities increased by $7.4 billion to $317.0 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily driven by:
•   an increase in our deposits.
49      capital one financial corporation (cof)
stockholders' equity increased by $1.2 billion to $48.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily due to our net income of $2.0 billion in 2017, partially offset by $1.0 billion of dividend payments to our common and preferred stockholders.
the following is a discussion of material changes in the major components of our assets and liabilities during 2017. period-end balance sheet amounts may vary from average balance sheet amounts due to liquidity and balance sheet management activities that are intended to ensure the adequacy of capital while managing the liquidity requirements of the company, our customers and our market risk exposure in accordance with our risk appetite.
investment securities our investment portfolio consists primarily of the following: u.s. treasury securities; u.s. government-sponsored enterprise or agency ("agency") and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"); agency commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs"); other asset-backed securities ("abs"); and other securities. agency securities include government national mortgage association ("ginnie mae") guaranteed securities, federal national mortgage association ("fannie mae") and federal home loan mortgage corporation ("freddie mac") issued securities. the carrying value of our investments in u.s. treasury and agency securities represented 95% and 91% of our total investment securities as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio was $37.7 billion as of december 31, 2017, a decrease of $3.1 billion from december 31, 2016. the decrease in fair value was primarily due to the sale of investment securities as a result of portfolio repositioning. the fair value of our held to maturity securities portfolio was $29.4 billion as of december 31, 2017, an increase of $3.2 billion from december 31, 2016. the increase in fair value was primarily driven by purchases outpacing paydowns.
table 5 presents the amortized cost, carrying value and fair value for the major categories of our investment securities portfolio as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
table 5: investment securities december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                     amortizedcost             fairvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue investment securities available for sale:
u.s. treasury securities                                  $5,168                 $5,171                  $5,103                 $5,065                  $4,664                 $4,660
other securities(1)                                        1,003                  1,005                     726                    721                     370                    371
total investment securities available for sale           $37,628                $37,655                 $40,733                $40,737                 $38,804                $39,061
(dollars in millions)                                    carrying value             fairvalue           carrying value             fairvalue           carrying value             fairvalue investment securities held to maturity:
u.s. treasury securities                                    $200                   $200                    $199                   $199                    $199                   $198
total investment securities held to maturity             $28,984                $29,437                 $25,712                $26,196                 $24,619                $25,317
(1)   includes supranational bonds, foreign government bonds, mutual funds and equity investments.
50      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit ratings our portfolio of investment securities continues to be concentrated in securities that generally have high credit ratings and low credit risk, such as securities issued and guaranteed by the u.s. treasury and agencies. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately 96% and 95% of our total investment securities portfolio was rated aa+ or its equivalent, or better, respectively, while approximately 3% and 4% was below investment grade, respectively. we categorize the credit ratings of our investment securities based on the lower of credit ratings issued by standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p") and moody's investors service ("moody's").
table 6 provides information on the credit ratings of our non-agency rmbs, non-agency cmbs, other abs and other securities in our portfolio as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. we sold all of our non-agency cmbs during 2017.
table 6: non-agency investment securities credit ratings december 31, 2017                                                                                                                                           december 31, 2016
other securities            1,005                71                   19                             10                           721            62                   25                       13
(1)   includes investment securities that were not rated.
for additional information on our investment securities, see "note 3-investment securities."
loans held for investment total loans held for investment consists of both unsecuritized loans and loans held in our consolidated trusts. table 7 summarizes the carrying value of our portfolio of loans held for investment by portfolio segment, the allowance for loan and lease losses, and net loan balance as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
(dollars in millions)                loans             allowance               net loans                loans             allowance               net loans credit card                   $114,762              $5,648                $109,114               $105,552              $4,606                $100,946
loans held for investment increased by $8.9 billion to $254.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily due to growth in our domestic credit card loan portfolio, largely driven by loans obtained in the cabela's acquisition, as well as growth in our auto loan portfolio, partially offset by run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
we provide additional information on the composition of our loan portfolio and credit quality below in "md&a-credit risk profile," "md&a-consolidated results of operations" and "note 4-loans."
deposits our deposits represent our largest source of funding for our operations and provide a consistent source of low-cost funds. total deposits increased by $6.9 billion to $243.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016. we provide information on the composition of our deposits, average outstanding balances, interest expense and yield in "md&a-liquidity risk profile."
51      capital one financial corporation (cof)
securitized debt obligations securitized debt obligations increased to $20.0 billion as of december 31, 2017 from $18.8 billion as of december 31, 2016 primarily driven by securitized debt obligations assumed in the cabela's acquisition, partially offset by maturities outpacing issuances. we provide additional information on our borrowings in "md&a-liquidity risk profile" and in "note 9-deposits and borrowings."
other debt other debt, which consists primarily of federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, senior and subordinated notes, and fhlb advances, totaled $40.3 billion as of december 31, 2017, of which $39.7 billion represented long-term debt and the remainder represented short-term borrowings. other debt totaled $41.6 billion as of december 31, 2016, of which $40.6 billion represented long-term debt and the remainder represented short-term borrowings.
the decrease in other debt of $1.4 billion in 2017 was primarily attributable to a decrease in our fhlb advances outstanding, partially offset by an increase in our senior and subordinated notes. we provide additional information on our borrowings in "md&a-liquidity risk profile" and in "note 9-deposits and borrowings."
mortgage representation and warranty reserve we face residual exposure related to subsidiaries that originated residential mortgage loans and sold these loans to various purchasers, including purchasers who created securitization trusts. we establish representation and warranty reserves for losses associated with the mortgage loans sold by each subsidiary that we consider to be both probable and reasonably estimable. these reserves are reported on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other liabilities. as a result of resolutions and settlements of the substantial majority of our active representation and warranty matters in 2017, our reserve was immaterial as of december 31, 2017. see "note 19-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" for additional information.
deferred tax assets and liabilities deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future reversals of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are recognized subject to management's judgment that realization is more likely than not. we evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the adequacy of expected taxable income from all sources, including taxable income in carryback years, reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income rely heavily on estimates. we use our historical experience and our short and long-range business forecasts to provide insight.
deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities and valuation allowances, were approximately $2.9 billion as of december 31, 2017, a decrease of $1.4 billion from december 31, 2016. the decrease in our net deferred tax assets was primarily driven by the revaluation reflecting the reduction in the u.s. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018, as a result of the tax act. the impacts of the tax act are considered to be reasonable estimates that are provisional in nature and are subject to potential adjustment during the measurement period ending no later than december 2018. see "md&a-accounting changes and developments" for more information on the accounting for the impacts of the tax act.
we have recorded valuation allowances of $226 million and $179 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in valuation allowance was primarily driven by the reduction in federal income tax rate as a result of the tax act. we expect to fully realize the 2017 net deferred tax asset amounts in future periods. if changes in circumstances lead us to change our judgment about our ability to realize deferred tax assets in future years, we will adjust our valuation allowances in the period that our change in judgment occurs and record a corresponding increase or charge to income.
we provide additional information on income taxes in "md&a-consolidated results of operations" and in "note 16-income taxes."
52      capital one financial corporation (cof)
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we engage in certain activities that are not reflected on our consolidated balance sheets, generally referred to as off-balance sheet arrangements. these activities typically involve transactions with unconsolidated variable interest entities ("vies") as well as other arrangements, such as letter of credits, loan commitments and guarantees, to meet the financing needs of our customers and support their ongoing operations. we provide additional information regarding these types of activities in "note 6-variable interest entities and securitizations" and "note 19-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others."
business segment financial performance our principal operations are organized into three major business segments, which are defined based on the products and services provided or the type of customer served: credit card, consumer banking and commercial banking. the operations of acquired businesses have been integrated into our existing business segments. certain activities that are not part of a segment, such as management of our corporate investment portfolio and asset/liability management by our centralized corporate treasury group, are included in the other category.
the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and net fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds transfer pricing process, which is primarily based on a matched maturity method that takes into consideration market interest rates. our funds transfer pricing process provides a funds credit for sources of funds, such as deposits generated by our consumer banking and commercial banking businesses, and a charge for the use of funds by each segment. the allocation process is unique to each business segment and acquired businesses. we regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods.
we refer to the business segment results derived from our internal management accounting and reporting process as our "managed" presentation, which differs in some cases from our reported results prepared based on u.s. gaap. there is no comprehensive authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to u.s. gaap; therefore, the managed presentation of our business segment results may not be comparable to similar information provided by other financial services companies. in addition, our individual business segment results should not be used as a substitute for comparable results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap.
below we summarize our business segment results, changes in our financial condition and credit performance metrics for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, as well as a comparative discussion of these results. we provide a reconciliation of our total business segment results to our reported consolidated results in "note 18-business segments."
(dollars in millions)               amount          % of                amount              % of               amount          % of               amount           % of              amount          % of               amount           % of total                                   total                              total                               total                             total                               total credit card                   $16,973            62    %          $1,920                91     %         $16,015            62    %          $2,160             58    %        $14,582            62    %          $2,354             59    %
53      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(3)   some of our commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate (35% for all periods presented), with offsetting reductions to the other category.
credit card business the primary sources of revenue for our credit card business are interest income, net interchange income and fees collected from customers. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs and marketing expenses.
our credit card business generated net income from continuing operations of $1.9 billion, $2.2 billion and $2.4 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
table 9 summarizes the financial results of our credit card business and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 9: credit card business results year ended december 31,                                      change
provision for credit losses                                         6,066                        4,926                      3,417                 23                    44
(1)   we recognize billed finance charges and fee income on open-ended loans in accordance with the contractual provisions of the credit arrangements and estimate the uncollectible amount on a quarterly basis. the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees is reflected as a reduction in revenue and is not included in our net charge-offs. total net revenue was reduced by $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $732 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees and related losses. the finance charge and fee reserve totaled $491 million and $402 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
54      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(3)   average yield on loans held for investment is calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
(6)   within our credit card loan portfolio, only certain loans in our international card businesses are classified as nonperforming. see "md&amp;a-nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets" for additional information.
key factors affecting the results of our credit card business for 2017 compared to 2016, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 include the following:
◦   lower service charges and other customer-related fees, including the impact of the exit of our legacy payment protection products in our domestic card business during the first quarter of 2016; and
◦   the absence of a gain recorded in the second quarter of 2016 related to the exchange of our ownership interest in visa europe with visa inc. as a result of visa inc.'s acquisition of visa europe.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $1.1 billion to $6.1 billion in 2017 primarily driven by:
◦   higher charge-offs in our domestic credit card loan portfolio due to growth and portfolio seasoning; and
◦   a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio primarily due to increasing losses from recent vintages and portfolio seasoning.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $213 million to $7.9 billion in 2017, primarily driven by higher operating expenses associated with loan growth and continued investments in technology and infrastructure.
◦   growth in our domestic credit card loan portfolio, largely driven by loans obtained in the cabela's acquisition; and
•   net charge-off and delinquency metrics: the net charge-off rate increased by 79 basis points to 4.88% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by growth and seasoning of recent domestic credit card loan originations. the 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 5 basis points to 3.99% as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily due to growth and seasoning of recent domestic credit card loan originations, partially offset by loans obtained in the cabela's acquisition.
55      capital one financial corporation (cof)
key factors affecting the results of our credit card business for 2016 compared to 2015, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 include the following:
◦   lower service charges and other customer-related fees primarily due to the exit of our legacy payment protection products in our domestic card business during the first quarter of 2016.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $1.5 billion to $4.9 billion in 2016 primarily driven by higher charge-offs and a larger allowance build due to continued loan growth and portfolio seasoning.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $201 million to $7.7 billion in 2016 primarily attributable to higher operating expenses associated with loan growth as well as continued investments in technology, partially offset by operating efficiencies.
•   net charge-off and delinquency metrics: the net charge-off rate increased by 73 basis points to 4.09% in 2016 compared to 2015, and the 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 54 basis points to 3.94% as of december 31, 2016 from december 31, 2015. these increases were primarily driven by growth and seasoning of credit card loan originations, partially offset by continued growth in our domestic credit card loan portfolio.
domestic card business domestic card generated net income from continuing operations of $1.7 billion, $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, domestic card accounted for greater than 90% of total net revenue of our credit card business.
56      capital one financial corporation (cof)
provision for credit losses                                         5,783                        4,555                      3,204                 27                    42
(1)   we recognize billed finance charges and fee income on open-ended loans in accordance with the contractual provisions of the credit arrangements and estimate the uncollectible amount on a quarterly basis. the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees is reflected as a reduction in revenue and is not included in our net charge-offs.
(3)   average yield on loans held for investment is calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
because our domestic card business accounts for the substantial majority of our credit card business, the key factors driving the results are similar to the key factors affecting our total credit card business. net income for our domestic card business decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily driven by:
•   higher provision for credit losses; and
•   higher operating expenses associated with loan growth and continued investments in technology and infrastructure.
57      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   higher provision for credit losses; and
•   higher operating expenses associated with continued loan growth.
consumer banking business the primary sources of revenue for our consumer banking business are net interest income from loans and deposits and non-interest income from service charges and customer-related fees. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs and marketing expenses.
58      capital one financial corporation (cof)
provision for credit losses                                             1,180                        1,055                        819                 12                    29
average yield on loans held for investment(2)                            6.67       %                 6.34       %               6.26     %           33      bps            8      bps average deposits                                                     $185,201                     $177,129                   $170,757                  5        %            4        %
average deposits interest rate                                           0.62       %                 0.56       %               0.56     %            6      bps            -
allowance coverage ratio(4)                                              1.65       %                 1.51       %                 14   bps deposits                                                             $185,842                     $181,917                          2     %
59      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(1)   average consumer banking loans held for investment includes purchased credit-impaired loans ("pci loans") of $12.2 billion, $16.4 billion and $20.7 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. period-end consumer banking loans held for investment includes pci loans with carrying values of $10.3 billion and $14.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(2)   average yield on loans held for investment is calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
key factors affecting the results of our consumer banking business for 2017 compared to 2016, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income increased by $551 million to $6.4 billion in 2017 primarily driven by growth in our auto loan portfolio and higher deposit volumes and margins in our retail banking business.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income was substantially flat at $749 million in 2017 as a mortgage representation and warranty reserve release in the first quarter of 2017 had a similar impact as the customer rewards reserve release within our retail banking business in the first quarter of 2016 related to the discontinuation of certain debit card and deposit products.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $125 million to $1.2 billion in 2017 primarily driven by higher losses in our auto loan portfolio due to growth.
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $3.9 billion to $185.8 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016.
◦   a greater portion of auto loans in our total consumer banking loan portfolio, which generally have higher charge-off rates than other products within this portfolio.
key factors affecting the results of our consumer banking business for 2016 compared to 2015, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 include the following:
60      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $236 million to $1.1 billion in 2016 primarily driven by:
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $9.2 billion to $181.9 billion as of december 31, 2016 from december 31, 2015 as a result of strong growth in our deposit products that are sold directly to both existing and new customers.
•   net charge-off and delinquency metrics: the net charge-off rate increased by 12 basis points to 1.15% in 2016 compared to 2015. the increase reflects the greater portion of auto loans in our total consumer banking loan portfolio, which generally have higher charge-off rates than other products within this portfolio. the 30+ day delinquency rate was flat at 4.67% as of both december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015.
commercial banking business the primary sources of revenue for our commercial banking business are net interest income from loans and deposits and non-interest income from customer fees and other transactions. because our commercial banking business has loans and investments that generate tax-exempt income or tax credits, we make certain reclassifications to present revenues on a taxable-equivalent basis. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs and marketing expenses.
61      capital one financial corporation (cof)
provision (benefit) for credit losses(2)                              301                          483                      302                 (38        )           60
average yield on loans held for investment(1)(4)                     3.87       %                 3.47       %             3.21      %           40      bps           26      bps average deposits                                                  $33,947                      $33,841                  $33,058                   -                     2        %
average deposits interest rate                                       0.39       %                 0.28       %             0.25      %           11      bps            3      bps net charge-offs                                                      $465                         $292                      $47                  59        %           **
allowance coverage ratio                                             0.95       %                 1.19       %              (24   )bps deposits                                                          $33,938                      $33,866                        -
(1)   some of our commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate (35% for all periods presented), with offsetting reductions to the other category.
(2)   the provision for losses on unfunded lending commitments is included in the provision for credit losses in our consolidated statements of income and the related reserve for unfunded lending commitments is included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. our reserve for unfunded lending commitments totaled $117 million, $129 million and $161 million as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
62      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(4)   average yield on loans held for investment is calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
key factors affecting the results of our commercial banking business for 2017 compared to 2016, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016 include the following:
◦   higher revenue from our commercial investments that generate tax credits; and
◦   higher service charges and other customer-related fees as a result of increased activity across a broad range of products and services provided to our commercial customers.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses decreased by $182 million to $301 million in 2017 primarily driven by stabilizing industry conditions impacting our oil and gas lending portfolio compared to adverse industry conditions in the prior year.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $196 million to $1.6 billion in 2017 primarily driven by higher operating expenses associated with growth and continued investments in technology and other business initiatives.
◦   the transfer of the substantial majority of our remaining taxi medallion lending portfolio from loans held for investment to loans held for sale.
•   deposits: period-end deposits were substantially flat at $33.9 billion as of december 31, 2017.
◦   a combination of improved credit risk ratings, charge-offs and paydowns in our oil and gas portfolio; and
◦   charge-offs in our taxi medallion lending portfolio resulting from declines in taxi medallion values and the impact of transferring the substantial majority of our remaining taxi medallion lending portfolio, which was downgraded to nonperforming classification in the third quarter of 2017, from loans held for investment to loans held for sale.
key factors affecting the results of our commercial banking business for 2016 compared to 2015, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income increased by $351 million to $2.2 billion in 2016 primarily driven by loan growth, including loans obtained in the hfs acquisition.
63      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   non-interest income: non-interest income increased by $91 million to $578 million in 2016 primarily driven by fee-based services, including impacts from the hfs acquisition, and products attributable to our multifamily finance business.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $181 million to $483 million in 2016 primarily driven by higher charge-offs, partially offset by a smaller allowance build, due to continued adverse industry conditions impacting our taxi medallion and oil and gas lending portfolios.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $251 million to $1.4 billion in 2016 driven by higher operating expenses due to costs associated with the hfs acquisition and continued growth in our commercial banking business.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $3.7 billion to $66.9 billion as of december 31, 2016 from december 31, 2015 driven by growth in our commercial loan portfolios. average loans held for investment increased by $12.5 billion to $65.2 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily driven by the hfs acquisition and growth in our commercial loan portfolios.
•   deposits: period-end deposits decreased by $391 million to $33.9 billion as of december 31, 2016 from december 31, 2015.
•   net charge-off and nonperforming metrics: the net charge-off rate increased by 36 basis points to 0.45% in 2016 compared to 2015, reflecting rising losses in our taxi medallion and oil and gas lending portfolios. increased credit risk rating downgrades in these same lending portfolios resulted in the nonperforming loan rate increasing by 66 basis points to 1.53% as of december 31, 2016 from december 31, 2015.
other category other includes unallocated amounts related to our centralized corporate treasury group activities, such as management of our corporate investment portfolio, asset/liability management and certain capital management activities. other also includes:
•   offsets related to certain line-item reclassifications; and
•   residual tax expense or benefit to arrive at the consolidated effective tax rate that is not assessed to our primary business segments.
provision (benefit) for credit losses                                      4                  (5    )             (2    )           **                   150
income tax provision (benefit)                                         1,289                (339    )           (350    )           **                    (3   )
(1)   some of our commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate (35% for all periods presented), with offsetting reductions to the other category.
64      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   charges associated with the estimated impacts of the tax act; and
•   higher operating expenses associated with restructuring activities, which primarily consisted of severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs, that are the result of exiting certain business activities and locations, as well as the realignment of resources supporting our businesses.
•   higher net interest income due to balance sheet growth, as well as the impact of rates on our other treasury-related activities; and
•   lower restructuring charges for severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs as a result of the realignment of our workforce.
•   higher bank optimization charges and an impairment charge associated with certain acquired intangible and software assets within non-interest expense;
•   a reduced income tax benefit as a result of higher income before taxes and increased discrete tax expense, partially offset by increased tax credits.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on the consolidated financial statements. understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which we use management judgment and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our financial statements. we provide a summary of our significant accounting policies under "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
we have identified the following accounting policies as critical because they require significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters and the use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. these critical accounting policies govern:
•   customer rewards reserve we evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and update them, as necessary, based on changing conditions. management has discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
loan loss reserves we maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses that represents management's estimate of incurred loan and lease losses inherent in our credit card, consumer banking and commercial banking loans held for investment portfolios as of each balance sheet date. we also separately reserve for binding unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit and financial guarantees.
65      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we build our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments through the provision for credit losses. our provision for credit losses in each period is driven by charge-offs, changes to allowance for loan and lease losses, and changes to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. we recorded a provision for credit losses of $7.6 billion, $6.5 billion and $4.5 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we have an established process, using analytical tools and management judgment, to determine our allowance for loan and lease losses. losses are inherent in our loan portfolios and we calculate the allowance for loan and lease losses by estimating incurred losses for segments of our loan portfolios with similar risk characteristics and record a provision for credit losses. the allowance totaled $7.5 billion as of december 31, 2017, compared to $6.5 billion as of december 31, 2016.
we review and assess our allowance methodologies and adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses on a quarterly basis. our assessment involves evaluating many factors including, but not limited to, historical loss and recovery experience, recent trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, risk ratings, the impact of bankruptcy filings, the value of collateral underlying secured loans, account seasoning, changes in our credit evaluation, underwriting and collection management policies, seasonality, general economic conditions, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and uncertainties in forecasting and modeling techniques used in estimating our allowance for loan and lease losses. key factors that have a significant impact on our allowance for loan and lease losses include assumptions about unemployment rates, home prices and the valuation of commercial properties and other collateral, consumer real estate and automobiles.
in addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, we review and assess our estimate of probable losses related to binding unfunded lending commitments, such as letters of credit and financial guarantees, and unfunded loan commitments on a quarterly basis. the factors impacting our assessment generally align with those considered in our evaluation of the allowance for loan and lease losses for the commercial banking business. changes to the reserve for losses on unfunded lending commitments are recorded through the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income and to other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
although we examine a variety of externally available data, as well as our internal loan performance data, to determine our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, our estimation process is subject to risks and uncertainties, including a reliance on historical loss and trend information that may not be representative of current conditions and indicative of future performance. accordingly, our actual credit loss experience may not be in line with our expectations. we provide additional information on the methodologies and key assumptions used in determining our allowance for loan and lease losses for each of our loan portfolio segments in "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies." we provide information on the components of our allowance, disaggregated by impairment methodology, and changes in our allowance in "note 5-allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments."
finance charge and fee reserves finance charges and fees on credit card loans, net of amounts that we consider uncollectible, are included in loan receivables and revenue when the finance charges and fees are earned. we continue to accrue finance charges and fees on credit card loans until the account is charged-off; however, when we do not expect full payment of billed finance charges and fees, we reduce the balance of our credit card loan receivables by the amount of finance charges and fees billed but not expected to be collected and exclude this amount from revenue. total net revenue was reduced by $1.4 billion, $1.1 billion and $732 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, for the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees. the finance charge and fee reserve totaled $491 million as of december 31, 2017, compared to $402 million as of december 31, 2016.
we review and assess the adequacy of the uncollectible finance charge and fee reserve on a quarterly basis. our methodology for estimating the uncollectible portion of billed finance charges and fees is consistent with the methodology we use to estimate the allowance for incurred losses on the principal portion of our credit card loan receivables.
asset impairment in addition to our loan portfolio, we review other assets for impairment on a regular basis in accordance with applicable impairment accounting guidance. this process requires significant management judgment and involves various estimates and assumptions. below we describe our process for assessing impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and the key estimates and assumptions involved in this process.
66      capital one financial corporation (cof)
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.
goodwill totaled $14.5 billion as of both december 31, 2017 and 2016. intangible assets, which we report on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other assets, consist primarily of purchased credit card relationships ("pccr"), core deposit and other intangibles. the net carrying amount of intangible assets decreased to $421 million as of december 31, 2017, from $665 million as of december 31, 2016 primarily due to amortization. goodwill and intangible assets together represented 4% of our total assets as of both december 31, 2017 and 2016. we did not recognize any goodwill impairment in 2017, 2016 or 2015. see "note 7-goodwill and intangible assets" for additional information.
goodwill we perform our goodwill impairment test annually on october 1 at a reporting unit level. we are also required to test goodwill for impairment whenever events or circumstances make it more-likely-than-not that impairment may have occurred. in 2017, we had four reporting units: credit card, auto, other consumer banking and commercial banking.
the goodwill impairment test is a two-step process. the first step involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step is not necessary. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, then the second step, which requires measurement of any potential impairment, must be performed. the second step of goodwill impairment testing requires an extensive effort to build the specific reporting unit's balance sheet for the test based on applicable accounting guidance.
for the purpose of our goodwill impairment testing, we calculate the carrying amount of a reporting unit using an allocated capital approach based on each reporting unit's specific regulatory capital, economic capital requirements, and underlying risks. the carrying amount for a reporting unit is the sum of its respective capital requirements, goodwill and intangibles balances. we then compare the carrying amount to our total consolidated stockholders' equity to assess the reasonableness of our methodology. the total carrying amount of our four reporting units was $43.6 billion, as compared to consolidated stockholder's equity of $50.2 billion as of october 1, 2017. the $6.6 billion excess in consolidated stockholder's equity was primarily attributable to capital allocated to our other category and other future capital needs such as dividends.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit and the associated assets, liabilities and intangible assets, is a subjective process that requires the use of estimates and the exercise of significant judgment. the fair value of the reporting units was calculated using a discounted cash flow ("dcf") calculation, a form of the income approach. this income approach calculation used projected cash flows based on each reporting unit's internal forecast and the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. our dcf analysis requires management to make estimates about future loan, deposit and revenue growth, as well as credit losses and capital rates. these cash flows and terminal values were then discounted using discount rates based on our external cost of equity with adjustments for the risk inherent in each reporting unit. the reasonableness of the dcf approach was assessed by reference to a market-based approach using comparable market multiples and recent market transactions where available. the results of the 2017 annual impairment test for the credit card, auto, other consumer banking and commercial banking reporting units indicated that the estimated fair values of these four reporting units substantially exceeded their carrying amounts.
by definition, assumptions used in estimating the fair value of a reporting unit are judgmental and inherently uncertain. a significant change in the economic conditions of a reporting unit, such as declines in business performance, increases in credit losses, increases in capital requirements, deterioration in market conditions, adverse estimates of regulatory or legislative changes or increases in the estimated cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of our reporting units to decline in the future, and increase the risk of a goodwill impairment charge to earnings in a future period.
67      capital one financial corporation (cof)
intangible assets intangible assets with definitive useful lives are amortized over their estimated lives and evaluated for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset's or asset group's carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. an impairment loss, generally calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount of an asset or asset group, is recognized if the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying amount. there was no meaningful impairment of intangible assets in 2017 or 2015. we recorded an impairment charge of $17 million in 2016 related primarily to our brokerage relationship intangibles.
see "note 7-goodwill and intangible assets" for additional information.
fair value fair value, also referred to as an exit price, is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. the fair value accounting guidance provides a three-level fair value hierarchy for classifying financial instruments. this hierarchy is based on the markets in which the assets or liabilities trade and whether the inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value are observable or unobservable. fair value measurement of a financial asset or liability is assigned a level based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:
level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 2: observable market-based inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 3: unobservable inputs the degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted prices in active markets or observable market parameters. when quoted prices and observable data in active markets are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. changes in market conditions, such as reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities, may reduce the availability and reliability of quoted prices or observable data used to determine fair value.
we have developed policies and procedures to determine when markets for our financial assets and liabilities are inactive if the level and volume of activity has declined significantly relative to normal conditions. if markets are determined to be inactive, it may be appropriate to adjust price quotes received. when significant adjustments are required to price quotes or inputs, it may be appropriate to utilize an estimate based primarily on unobservable inputs.
significant judgment may be required to determine whether certain financial instruments measured at fair value are classified as level 2 or level 3. in making this determination, we consider all available information that market participants use to measure the fair value of the financial instrument, including observable market data, indications of market liquidity and orderliness, and our understanding of the valuation techniques and significant inputs used. based upon the specific facts and circumstances of each instrument or instrument category, judgments are made regarding the significance of the level 3 inputs to the instruments' fair value measurement in its entirety. if level 3 inputs are considered significant, the instrument is classified as level 3. the process for determining fair value using unobservable inputs is generally more subjective and involves a high degree of management judgment and assumptions. we discuss changes in the valuation inputs and assumptions used in determining the fair value of our financial instruments, including the extent to which we have relied on significant unobservable inputs to estimate fair value and our process for corroborating these inputs, in "note 17-fair value measurement."
68      capital one financial corporation (cof)
our fair value committee ("fvc"), which includes representation from business areas, risk management and finance divisions, provides guidance and oversight to ensure an appropriate valuation control environment. the fvc regularly reviews and approves our fair valuations to ensure that our valuation practices are consistent with industry standards and adhere to regulatory and accounting guidance.
we have a model policy, established by an independent model risk office, which governs the validation of models and related supporting documentation to ensure the appropriate use of models for pricing and fair value measurements. the model risk office validates all models and provides ongoing monitoring of their performance.
the fair value governance process is set up in a manner that allows the chairperson of the fvc to escalate valuation disputes that cannot be resolved by the fvc to a more senior committee called the valuations advisory committee ("vac") for resolution. the vac is chaired by the chief financial officer and includes other members of senior management. the vac is only required to convene to review escalated valuation disputes.
customer rewards reserve we offer products, primarily credit cards, which include programs that allow members to earn rewards, that can be redeemed for cash (primarily in the form of statement credits), gift cards, airline tickets or merchandise, based on account activity. the amount of rewards that a customer earns varies based on the terms and conditions of the rewards program and product. the majority of our rewards do not expire and there is no limit on the amount of rewards an eligible card member can earn. customer rewards costs, which we generally record as an offset to interchange income, are driven by various factors, such as card member purchase volume, the terms and conditions of the rewards program and rewards redemption cost. we establish a customer rewards reserve that reflects management's judgment regarding rewards earned that are expected to be redeemed and the estimated redemption cost.
we use financial models to estimate ultimate redemption rates of rewards earned to date by current card members based on historical redemption trends, current enrollee redemption behavior, card product type, year of program enrollment, enrollment tenure and card spend levels. our current assumption is that the vast majority of all rewards earned will eventually be redeemed. we use a weighted-average redemption cost during the previous twelve months, adjusted as appropriate for recent changes in redemption costs, including mix of rewards redeemed, to estimate future redemption costs. we continually evaluate our reserve and assumptions based on developments in redemption patterns, changes to the terms and conditions of the rewards program and other factors. changes in the ultimate redemption rate and weighted-average redemption cost have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the reserve through the current period provision by an amount estimated to cover the cost of all rewards earned but not yet redeemed by card members as of the end of the reporting period. we recognized customer rewards expense of $3.7 billion, $3.2 billion and $2.7 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. our customer rewards liability, which is included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, totaled $3.9 billion and $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
accounting changes and developments in connection with the enactment of the tax act, the sec issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118, income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act to express the views of the staff of the sec's division of corporation finance regarding application of accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes, ("topic 740") in the reporting period that includes the date the tax act was signed into law. this bulletin states that the financial statements which include the reporting period in which the tax act was signed into law, should reflect the income tax impacts of the tax act for which the accounting under topic 740 is complete. to the extent the accounting under topic 740 is not complete, but a reasonable estimate of the impacts can be determined, such an estimate should be included in the financial statements as a provisional amount. for any specific tax impacts for which a reasonable estimate cannot be determined, a provisional amount should not be reported and topic 740 should be applied using the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the tax act.
the bulletin sets forth a measurement period which begins in the reporting period that includes the date the tax act was signed into law and ends when the accounting under topic 740 is complete, subject to a maximum length of one year. during this measurement period, adjustments to provisional amounts may need to be reflected based on facts and circumstances that existed as of the date the tax act was signed into law that, if known, would have affected the income tax impacts initially reported as provisional. finally, the bulletin requires disclosures for any income tax impacts of the tax act that are accounted for under a measurement period approach.
69      capital one financial corporation (cof)
under this bulletin, we have determined that we are able to make reasonable estimates for certain effects of the tax act for the year ended december 31, 2017. accordingly, we have recognized provisional amounts for the impacts of the tax act based on these reasonable estimates. however, as of the date of this form 10-k, we are continuing to evaluate the accounting impacts of the tax act as we continue to assemble and analyze all the information required to prepare and analyze these effects and await additional guidance from the u.s. treasury department, internal revenue service, or other standard-setting bodies. we continue to assess information relating to these amounts, and with respect to the repatriation tax, we continue to assess its application in other jurisdictions. additionally, we continue to analyze other information and regulatory guidance, and accordingly, we may record additional provisional amounts or adjustments to provisional amounts during the measurement period ending no later than december 2018.
we provide the additional disclosures required by this bulletin in "note 16-income taxes."
capital management the level and composition of our capital are determined by multiple factors, including our consolidated regulatory capital requirements and internal risk-based capital assessments such as internal stress testing and economic capital. the level and composition of our capital may also be influenced by rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment, conditions in the financial markets and assessments of potential future losses due to adverse changes in our business and market environments.
capital standards and prompt corrective action we are subject to capital adequacy standards adopted by the federal reserve, office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ") and federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") (collectively, the "federal banking agencies"), including the capital rules that implemented the basel iii capital framework ("basel iii capital rule") developed by the basel committee on banking supervision ("basel committee"). moreover, the banks, as insured depository institutions, are subject to prompt corrective action ("pca") capital regulations.
in july 2013, the federal banking agencies adopted the basel iii capital rule, which, in addition to implementing the basel iii capital framework, also implemented certain dodd-frank act and other capital provisions, and updated the pca capital framework to reflect the new regulatory capital minimums. the basel iii capital rule amended both the basel i and basel ii advanced approaches frameworks, established a new common equity tier 1 capital requirement and set higher minimum capital ratio requirements. we refer to the amended basel i framework as the "basel iii standardized approach," and the amended advanced approaches framework as the "basel iii advanced approaches."
at the end of 2012, we met one of the two independent eligibility criteria set by banking regulators for becoming subject to the advanced approaches capital rules. as a result, we have undertaken a multi-year process of implementing the advanced approaches regime for calculating risk-weighted assets and regulatory capital levels. we entered parallel run under advanced approaches on january 1, 2015, during which we are required to calculate capital ratios under both the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches, though we continue to use the standardized approach for purposes of meeting regulatory capital requirements.
the basel iii capital rule also introduced the supplementary leverage ratio for all advanced approaches banking organizations with a minimum requirement of 3.0%. the supplementary leverage ratio compares tier 1 capital to total leverage exposure, which includes all on-balance sheet assets and certain off-balance sheet exposures, including derivatives and unused commitments. given that we are in our basel iii advanced approaches parallel run, we calculate the ratio based on tier 1 capital under the standardized approach. the minimum requirement for the supplementary leverage ratio became effective as of january 1, 2018. as an advanced approaches banking organization, however, we were required to calculate and publicly disclose our supplementary leverage ratio beginning in the first quarter of 2015.
the market risk rule supplements both the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches by requiring institutions subject to the market risk rule to adjust their risk-based capital ratios to reflect the market risk in their trading portfolios. the market risk rule generally applies to institutions with aggregate trading assets and liabilities equal to the lesser of (i) 10%
70      capital one financial corporation (cof)
or more of total assets or (ii) $1 billion or more. as of december 31, 2017, the company and cona are subject to the market risk rule. see "md&a-market risk profile" below for additional information.
in october 2017, the federal banking agencies proposed certain limited changes to the basel iii capital rule. there is uncertainty regarding how any of the proposed changes may impact the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches. additionally, in december 2017, the basel committee finalized certain modifications to the international basel iii capital standards, which would require rulemaking in the united states prior to becoming effective for united states banking organizations. there is uncertainty around which of those changes may be adopted in the united states and how those changes may impact the u.s. capital framework.
table 13 provides a comparison of our regulatory capital ratios under the basel iii standardized approach subject to the applicable transition provisions, the regulatory minimum capital adequacy ratios and the pca well-capitalized level for each ratio, where applicable, as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
table 13: capital ratios under basel iii(1)
capital            minimum                well-          capital            minimum                well-
ratio            capital          capitalized            ratio            capital          capitalized adequacy                                                 adequacy capital one financial corp:
common equity tier 1 capital(2)       10.3     %         4.5   %             n/a               10.1     %         4.5   %             n/a tier 1 capital(3)                     11.8               6.0                 6.0   %           11.6               6.0                 6.0   %
total capital(4)                      14.4               8.0                10.0               14.3               8.0                10.0
common equity tier 1 capital(2)       14.3               4.5                 6.5               12.0               4.5                 6.5
tier 1 capital(3)                     14.3               6.0                 8.0               12.0               6.0                 8.0
total capital(4)                      16.9               8.0                10.0               14.8               8.0                10.0
common equity tier 1 capital(2)       12.2               4.5                 6.5               10.6               4.5                 6.5
tier 1 capital(3)                     12.2               6.0                 8.0               10.6               6.0                 8.0
total capital(4)                      13.4               8.0                10.0               11.8               8.0                10.0
(1)   capital ratios are calculated based on the basel iii standardized approach framework, subject to applicable transition provisions, such as the inclusion of the unrealized gains and losses on securities available for sale included in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") and adjustments related to intangible assets other than goodwill. the inclusion of aoci and the adjustments related to intangible assets are phased-in at 60% for 2016, 80% for 2017 and 100% for 2018.
(2)   common equity tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on common equity tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(3)   tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(4)   total capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(5)   tier 1 leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average assets.
(6)   supplementary leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure.
the company exceeded the minimum capital requirements and each of the banks exceeded the minimum regulatory requirements and were well capitalized under pca requirements as of both december 31, 2017 and 2016.
71      capital one financial corporation (cof)
the basel iii capital rule requires banks to maintain a capital conservation buffer, composed of common equity tier 1 capital, of 2.5% above the regulatory minimum ratios. the capital conservation buffer is being phased in over a transition period that commenced on january 1, 2016 and will be fully phased in on january 1, 2019. the capital conservation buffer was 1.25% in 2017.
for banks subject to the advanced approaches, including the company and the banks, the capital conservation buffer may be supplemented by an incremental countercyclical capital buffer of up to 2.5% (once fully phased-in) composed of common equity tier 1 capital and set at the discretion of the federal banking agencies. as of december 31, 2017, the countercyclical capital buffer was zero percent in the united states. a determination to increase the countercyclical capital buffer generally would be effective twelve months after the announcement of such an increase, unless the federal banking agencies set an earlier effective date. the countercyclical capital buffer, if set to an amount greater than zero percent, would be subject to the same transition period as the capital conservation buffer, which commenced on january 1, 2016.
for 2017, the minimum capital requirement plus capital conservation buffer and countercyclical capital buffer for common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital ratios were 5.75%, 7.25% and 9.25%, respectively, for the company and the banks. a common equity tier 1 capital ratio, tier 1 capital ratio, or total capital ratio below the applicable regulatory minimum ratio plus the applicable capital conservation buffer and the applicable countercyclical buffer (if set to an amount greater than zero percent) might restrict a bank's ability to distribute capital and make discretionary bonus payments. as of december 31, 2017, the company and each of the banks were all above the applicable combined thresholds.
additionally, banks designated as global systemically important banks ("g-sibs") are subject to an additional regulatory capital surcharge above the combined capital conservation and countercyclical capital buffers established by the basel iii capital rule. we are currently not designated as a g-sib and therefore not subject to this surcharge.
the following table compares our common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2017, subject to applicable transition provisions, to our estimated fully phased-in common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets, as it applies for advanced approaches banks such as ourselves that have not yet exited parallel run. our estimated common equity tier 1 capital, risk-weighted assets and common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach are non-gaap financial measures that we believe provide useful information in evaluating compliance with regulatory capital requirements that are not effective yet. they are calculated based on our interpretations, expectations and assumptions of relevant regulations, as well as interpretations provided by our regulators, and are subject to change based on changes to future regulations and interpretations. as we continue to engage with our regulators, there could be further changes to the calculation.
table 14: regulatory capital reconciliations between basel iii transition to fully phased-in
common equity tier 1 capital under basel iii standardized approach                                                $30,036
estimated common equity tier 1 capital under fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach                      $29,835
estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio under fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach(3)                10.2       %
(1)   includes credit and market risk-weighted assets.
(2)   adjustments include higher risk weights for items that are included in capital based on the threshold deduction approach, such as mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets. the adjustments also include removal of risk weights for items that are deducted from common equity tier 1 capital.
(3)   estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio is calculated by dividing estimated common equity tier 1 capital by estimated risk-weighted assets, which are both calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, as it applies when fully phased-in for advanced approaches banks that have not yet exited parallel run.
72      capital one financial corporation (cof)
under the basel iii capital rule, when we complete our parallel run for the advanced approaches, our minimum risk-based capital requirement will be determined by the greater of our risk-weighted assets under the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information. once we exit parallel run, based on clarification of the basel iii capital rule from our regulators, any amount by which our expected credit losses exceed eligible credit reserves, as each term is defined under the basel iii capital rule, will be deducted from our basel iii standardized approach numerator, subject to transition provisions. inclusive of this impact, based on current capital rules and our business mix, we estimate that our basel iii advanced approaches ratios will be lower than our basel iii standardized approach ratios. however, there is uncertainty whether this will remain the case in light of potential changes to the united states capital rules.
capital planning and regulatory stress testing on june 28, 2017, the federal reserve completed its 2017 ccar and did not object to our proposed capital plan. as a result, in june 2017, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.85 billion of shares of our common stock from the third quarter of 2017 through the end of the second quarter of 2018 and the quarterly dividend on our common stock of $0.40 per share. as a condition to not objecting to the capital plan, the federal reserve required us to submit a revised capital plan by december 28, 2017 to address certain weaknesses it identified in our capital planning process. on december 24, 2017, using data as of june 30, 2017, we resubmitted our capital plan for the 2017 ccar process. in connection with the resubmission, the board of directors reduced the authorized repurchases of our common stock to up to $1.0 billion for the remaining 2017 ccar period, which ends june 30, 2018. if the federal reserve objects to the resubmitted capital plan, it may restrict subsequent capital distributions.
dividend policy and stock purchases on february 1, 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.40 per share, payable on february 23, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of the business on february 12, 2018. our board of directors also approved quarterly dividends on our 6.00% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series b ("series b preferred stock"), our 6.25% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series c ("series c preferred stock"), our 6.70% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series d ("series d preferred stock"), our 6.20% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series f ("series f preferred stock"), our 5.20% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series g ("series g preferred stock") and our 6.00% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series h ("series h preferred stock"), payable on march 1, 2018 to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 14, 2018. based on those declarations, we will pay approximately $196 million in common equity dividends and approximately $52 million in total preferred dividends in the first quarter of 2018. under the terms of our outstanding preferred stock, our ability to pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or to repurchase, redeem or acquire its common stock or any preferred stock ranking on parity with or junior to the preferred stock, is subject to restrictions in the event that we do not declare and either pay or set aside a sum sufficient for payment of dividends on the preferred stock for the immediately preceding dividend period.
73      capital one financial corporation (cof)
non-cumulative the declaration and payment of dividends to our stockholders, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. as a bank holding company ("bhc"), our ability to pay dividends is largely dependent upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries. regulatory restrictions exist that limit the ability of the banks to transfer funds to our bhc. as of december 31, 2017, funds available for dividend payments from cobna and cona were $4.0 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends to stockholders.
the timing and exact amount of any future common stock repurchases will depend on various factors, including regulatory approval, market conditions, opportunities for growth, our capital position and the amount of retained earnings. our stock repurchase program does not include specific price targets, may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including utilizing rule 10b5-1 programs, and may be suspended at any time. for additional information on dividends and stock repurchases, see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation-dividends, stock repurchases and transfer of funds."
risk management risk framework we use a risk framework to provide an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk. we execute against our risk framework with the "three lines of defense" risk management model to demonstrate and structure the roles, responsibilities and accountabilities in the organization for taking and managing risk.
the "first line of defense" is comprised of the business areas that through their day-to-day business activities take risk on our behalf. as the business owner, the first line is responsible for identifying, assessing, managing and controlling that risk. this principle places ultimate accountability for the management of risks and ownership of risk decisions with the ceo and business heads. the "second line of defense" provides oversight of first line risk taking and management, and is primarily comprised of our risk management organization. the second line assists in determining risk appetite and the strategies, policies and structures for managing risks. the second line is both an "expert advisor" to the first line and an "effective challenger" of first line risk activities. the "third line of defense" is comprised of our internal audit and credit review functions. the third line provides
74      capital one financial corporation (cof)
independent and objective assurance to senior management and to the board of directors that first and second line risk management and internal control systems and its governance processes are well-designed and working as intended.
the risk framework is also used to guide design of risk programs and performance of risk activity within each risk category and across the entire enterprise.
establish governance processes, accountabilities and risk appetites the starting point of our risk framework is the establishment of governance processes, accountabilities and risk appetites. our board of directors and senior management establish the tone at the top regarding the importance of internal control, including standards of conduct and the integrity and ethical values of the company. management reinforces expectations at the various levels of the organization. this portion of the framework sets the foundation for the methods for governing risk taking, the interactions within and among the lines of defense, and the risk appetites and tolerance limits for risk taking.
identify and assess risks and ownership identifying and assessing risks and ownership is the beginning of the more detailed day-to-day process of managing risk. this portion of the framework clarifies the importance of strong first-line management and accountability for identifying and assessing risk while specifying the role of the second line to identify and assess risk, particularly when taking on new initiatives.
develop and operate controls, monitoring and mitigation plans we develop, operate and monitor controls to manage risk within tolerance levels. the first line develops controls to oversee and manage identified risks. controls may prevent risks from occurring or measure the amount of risk being taken so that the amount may be proactively managed. whenever possible, plans are implemented to mitigate risks or reduce them to lower levels. the first line leads mitigation, control and monitoring actions. the second line is a consultant on control design when needed.
test and detect control gaps and perform corrective action while the first line is principally accountable for taking, controlling and monitoring risk, the second line oversees and monitors first line risk taking, including the effectiveness of first line controls, and the third line independently tests and oversees first and second line risk taking. these activities provide the second and third lines of defense with the ability to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized or unplanned risk taking within the organization. control gaps are closed by first line corrective action.
escalate key risks and gaps to executive management and when appropriate, the board of directors escalation is an important component of our risk framework. use of escalation is encouraged and does not necessarily indicate a failure on the part of first, second, or third line risk management. through escalation in the first line, decisions requiring judgment can be raised to executives who have the broadest possible context and experience to make challenging decisions. escalation in the second and third lines of defense can also demonstrate part of their core responsibilities of effective challenge. if appropriate, risks are escalated to the board of directors to ensure alignment with the most material risk decisions and/or transparency to the largest risks facing the organization.
calculate and allocate capital in alignment with risk management and measurement processes (including stress testing)
capital ultimately is held to protect the company from unforeseen risks or unexpected risk severity. as such, it is important that capital planning processes be well linked with risk management practices to ensure the appropriate capital protections are in place for the safety and soundness of the company. stress testing and economic capital measurement, both of which incorporate inputs from across the risk spectrum, are key tools for evaluating our capital position and risk adjusted returns.
support with the right culture, talent and skills the right culture, talent and skills are critical to effective risk management. our risk framework is supported with the right culture that promotes the foundation and values of the risk management organization. skills necessary to effectively manage risk are reinforced through performance management systems. when needed, risk talent is augmented through recruitment of industry experts as well as training and development of internal associates.
75      capital one financial corporation (cof)
enabled by the right data, infrastructure and programs data, infrastructure and programs are key enablers of our risk management processes and practices. these core requirements enable effective risk modeling, efficient first, second and third line risk activity performance, and cross-line interaction.
risk appetite risk appetite defines the parameters for taking and accepting risks and are used by management and our board of directors to make business decisions. risk appetite refers to the level of risk our business is willing to take in pursuit of our corporate business objectives. the board of directors approves our risk appetite including risk appetite statements and associated metrics, board notification thresholds, and board limits for each of our eight risk categories. we communicate risk appetite statements, limits and thresholds to the appropriate levels in the organization and monitor adherence. while first line executives manage risk on a day-to-day basis, the chief risk officer provides effective challenge and independent oversight to ensure that risks are within the appetite and specific limits established by the board of directors. the chief risk officer reports to the board of directors regularly on the nature and level of risk across all eight risk categories. in addition to his broader management responsibilities, our chief executive officer is responsible for developing the strategy and mission of our organization, determining and leading our culture, and reviewing and providing input into our risk appetite.
risk categories we apply our risk framework to protect our company from the eight major categories of risk that we are exposed to through our business activities. our eight major categories of risk are:
•   compliance risk: compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations. compliance risk can also arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations, or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules, or regulations;
•   credit risk: credit risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition and resilience arising from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract with the company or otherwise perform as agreed;
•   legal risk: legal risk is the risk of material adverse impact due to: new and changed laws and regulations; interpretations of law; drafting, interpretation and enforceability of contracts; adverse decisions/consequences arising from litigation or regulatory action; the establishment, management and governance of our legal entity structure; and the failure to seek/follow appropriate legal counsel when needed;
•   liquidity risk: liquidity risk is the risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time period;
•   market risk: market risk is the risk that an institution's earnings or the economic value of equity could be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or other market factors;
•   operational risk: operational risk is the risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience, or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events;
•   reputation risk: reputation risk is the risk to market value, recruitment and retention of talented associates and maintenance of a loyal customer base due to the negative perceptions of our internal and external constituents regarding our business strategies and activities; and
•   strategic risk: strategic risk is the risk of a material impact on current or anticipated earnings, capital, franchise or enterprise value arising from: (i) the company's competitive and market position and evolving forces in the industry that can affect that position; (ii) lack of responsiveness to these conditions; (iii) strategic decisions to change the company's scale, market position or operating model; or (iv) failure to appropriately consider implementation risks inherent in the company's strategy.
76      capital one financial corporation (cof)
compliance risk management we recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. in response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance risk program to fully address these expectations.
our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training to address requirements, monitoring for control performance, and independently testing for adherence to compliance requirements. the program also establishes regular compliance reporting to senior business leaders, the executive committee and the board of directors.
the chief compliance officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our compliance risk management program. business areas incorporate compliance requirements and controls into their business policies, standards, processes and procedures. they regularly monitor and report on the efficacy of their compliance controls and corporate compliance periodically independently tests to validate the effectiveness of business controls.
credit risk management we try to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. our most important tool in this endeavor is sound underwriting. in unsecured consumer loan underwriting, we generally assume that loans will be subject to an environment in which losses are higher than those prevailing at the time of underwriting. in commercial underwriting, we generally require strong cash flow, collateral and covenants and guarantees. in addition to sound underwriting, we continually monitor our portfolio and take steps to collect or work out distressed loans.
the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the consumer and commercial chief credit officers, is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines and credit approval authority, and monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. these responsibilities are fulfilled by the chief consumer credit officer and the chief commercial credit officer who are responsible for evaluating the risk implications of credit strategy and for oversight of credit for both the existing portfolio and any new credit investments. the chief consumer credit officer and the chief commercial credit officer have formal approval authority for various types and levels of credit decisions, including individual commercial loan transactions. division presidents within each segment are responsible for managing the credit risk within their divisions and maintaining processes to control credit risk and comply with credit policies and guidelines. in addition, the chief risk officer establishes policies, delegates approval authority and monitors performance for non-loan credit exposure entered into with financial counterparties or through the purchase of credit sensitive securities in our investment portfolio.
our credit policies establish standards in five areas: customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation and portfolio management. the standards in each area provide a framework comprising specific objectives and control processes. these standards are supported by detailed policies and procedures for each component of the credit process. starting with customer selection, our goal is to generally provide credit on terms that generate above hurdle returns. we use a number of quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each of our lines of business. we monitor performance relative to these guidelines and report results and any required mitigating actions to appropriate senior management committees and our board of directors.
legal risk management the general counsel provides legal evaluation and guidance to the enterprise and business areas and partners with other risk management functions such as compliance and internal audit. this evaluation and guidance is based on an assessment of the type and degree of legal risk associated with the internal business area practices and activities and of the controls the business has in place to mitigate legal risks.
liquidity risk management the chief financial officer and the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, are responsible for the establishment of liquidity risk management policies and standards for governance and monitoring of liquidity risk at a corporate level. we assess liquidity strength by evaluating several different balance sheet metrics under severe stress scenarios to ensure we can withstand significant funding degradation through idiosyncratic, systematic, and combined liquidity stress scenarios. we continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and appropriate
77      capital one financial corporation (cof)
action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan. management reports liquidity metrics to appropriate senior management committees and our board of directors no less than quarterly.
we seek to mitigate liquidity risk strategically and tactically. from a strategic perspective, we have acquired and built deposit gathering businesses and significantly reduced our loan to deposit ratio. from a tactical perspective, we have accumulated a sizable liquidity reserve comprised of cash, high-quality, unencumbered securities and committed collateralized credit lines. we also continue to maintain access to secured and unsecured markets through ongoing issuance. this combination of stable and diversified funding sources and our stockpile of liquidity reserves enables us to maintain confidence in our liquidity position.
market risk management the chief financial officer and the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, are responsible for the establishment of market risk management policies and standards for the governance and monitoring of market risk at a corporate level. market risk is inherent from the financial instruments associated with our business operations and activities including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and derivatives. we manage market risk exposure, which is principally driven by balance sheet interest rate risk, centrally and establish quantitative risk limits to monitor and control our exposure.
we recognize that interest rate and foreign exchange risk is inherent in the banking business due to the nature of the assets and liabilities of banks. banks typically manage the trade-off between near-term earnings volatility and market value volatility by targeting moderate levels of each. in addition to using industry accepted techniques to analyze and measure interest rate and foreign exchange risk, we perform sensitivity analysis to identify our risk exposures under a broad range of scenarios. investment securities and derivatives are the main levers for the management of interest rate and foreign exchange risk.
the market risk positions for the company and each of the banks are calculated separately and in aggregate, and analyzed against pre-established limits. results are reported to the asset liability committee monthly and to the risk committee of the board of directors no less than quarterly. management is authorized to utilize financial instruments as outlined in our policy to actively manage market risk exposure.
operational risk management we recognize the criticality of managing operational risk on both a strategic and day-to-day basis and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. we have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes and controls to enable the delivery of high quality and consistent customer experiences and to achieve business objectives in a controlled manner.
the chief operational risk officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program. in accordance with basel iii advanced approaches requirements, the program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks. corporate operational risk management enforces these practices and delivers reporting of operational risk results to senior business leaders, the executive committee and the board of directors.
reputation risk management we recognize that reputation risk is of particular concern for financial institutions and, increasingly, technology companies, in the current environment. areas of concern have expanded to include company policies, practices and values and, with the growing use of social and digital platforms, public corporations face a new level of scrutiny and channels for activism and advocacy. the heightened expectations of internal and external stakeholders have made corporate culture, values and conduct pressure points for individuals and advocates voicing concerns or seeking change. we manage both strategic and tactical reputation issues and build our relationships with government officials, media, community and consumer advocates, customers, and other constituencies to help strengthen the reputations of both our company and industry. our actions include implementing pro-customer practices in our business and serving low to moderate income communities in our market area consistent with a quality bank. the executive vice president of external affairs is responsible for managing our overall reputation risk program. day-to-day activities are controlled by the frameworks set forth in our reputation risk management policy and other risk management policies.
78      capital one financial corporation (cof)
strategic risk management we monitor external market and industry developments to identify potential areas of strategic opportunity or risk. these items provide input for development of the company's strategy led by the chief executive officer and other senior executives. through the ongoing development and vetting of the corporate strategy, the chief risk officer identifies and assesses risks associated with the strategy across all risk categories and monitors them throughout the year.
credit risk profile our loan portfolio accounts for the substantial majority of our credit risk exposure. our lending activities are governed under our credit policy and are subject to independent review and approval. below we provide information about the composition of our loan portfolio, key concentrations and credit performance metrics.
we also engage in certain non-lending activities that may give rise to credit and counterparty settlement risk, including the purchase of securities for our investment securities portfolio, entering into derivative transactions to manage our market risk exposure and to accommodate customers, short-term advances on syndication activity (including bridge financing transactions we have underwritten), certain operational cash balances in other financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions and customer overdrafts. we provide additional information on credit risk related to our investment securities portfolio under "md&a-consolidated balance sheets analysis-investment securities" and credit risk related to derivative transactions in "note 10-derivative instruments and hedging activities."
primary loan products we provide a variety of lending products. our primary loan products include credit cards, auto, home loans and commercial.
•   credit cards: we originate both prime and subprime credit cards through a variety of channels. our credit cards generally have variable interest rates. credit card accounts are primarily underwritten using an automated underwriting system based on predictive models that we have developed. the underwriting criteria, which are customized for individual products and marketing programs, are established based on an analysis of the net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to further analysis using a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on credit bureau information, including payment history, debt burden and credit scores, such as fico, and on other factors, such as applicant income. we maintain a credit card securitization program and selectively sell charged-off credit card loans.
•   auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans. customers are acquired through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates and loan terms of 75 months or less, but can go up to 84 months. loan size limits are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. similar to credit card accounts, the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on an applicant's income, estimated debt-to-income ratio, and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we generally retain all of our auto loans, though we have securitized and sold auto loans in the past and may do so in the future.
•   home loans: most of the existing home loans in our loan portfolio were originated by banks we acquired. we previously originated residential mortgage and home equity loans through our branches, direct marketing and dedicated home loan officers. on november 7, 2017, we announced our decision to cease new originations of residential mortgage and home equity loan products within our consumer banking business. we continue to service our existing home loan portfolio. our primary home loan products included conforming and non-conforming fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgage loans, as well as first and second lien home equity loans and lines of credit. in general, our underwriting policy limits for such loans were:
◦   a maximum ltv ratio of 90% for loans without mortgage insurance;
◦   a maximum ltv ratio of 97% for loans with mortgage insurance or for home equity products;
79      capital one financial corporation (cof)
our underwriting procedures were intended to verify the income of applicants and obtain appraisals to determine home values. we might, in limited instances, have used automated valuation models to determine home values. our underwriting standards for conforming loans were designed to meet the underwriting standards required by the government-sponsored enterprises at a minimum, and we sold most of our conforming loans to these enterprises. we generally retained non-conforming mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit.
•   commercial: we offer a range of commercial lending products, including loans secured by commercial real estate and loans to middle market commercial and industrial companies. our commercial loans may have a fixed or variable interest rate; however, the majority of our commercial loans have variable rates. our underwriting standards require an analysis of the borrower's financial condition and prospects, as well as an assessment of the industry in which the borrower operates. where relevant, we evaluate and appraise underlying collateral and guarantees. we maintain underwriting guidelines and limits for major types of borrowers and loan products that specify, where applicable, guidelines for debt service coverage, leverage, ltv ratio and standard covenants and conditions. we assign a risk rating and establish a monitoring schedule for loans based on the risk profile of the borrower, industry segment, source of repayment, the underlying collateral and guarantees (if any) and current market conditions. although we generally retain commercial loans, we may syndicate positions for risk mitigation purposes (including bridge financing transactions we have underwritten). in addition, we originate and service multifamily commercial real estate loans which are sold to the government-sponsored enterprises.
loans held for investment portfolio composition our loan portfolio consists of loans held for investment, including loans held in our consolidated trusts, and loans held for sale. table 16 presents the composition of our portfolio of loans held for investment, including pci loans, by portfolio segment as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. table 16 and the credit metrics presented in this section exclude loans held for sale, which are carried at lower of cost or fair value and totaled $971 million and $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
table 16: loans held for investment portfolio composition december 31, 2017                           december 31, 2016
(dollars in millions)                                   loans           % of total                  loans           % of total credit card:
domestic credit card                            $105,293              41.4       %           $97,120              39.6       %
total credit card                                114,762              45.1                   105,552              43.0
we market our credit card products throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom. our credit card loan portfolio is geographically diversified due to our product and marketing approach, with higher concentrations in california, texas, new york, florida, illinois, pennsylvania and ohio.
80      capital one financial corporation (cof)
our auto loan portfolio is originated in most regions of the united states with a concentration in texas, california, florida, georgia, ohio, louisiana and illinois. our home loan portfolio is concentrated in california, new york, maryland, virginia, illinois, new jersey and texas. retail banking includes small business loans and other consumer lending products originated through our branch network with a concentration in new york, louisiana, texas, new jersey, maryland and virginia.
our commercial banking loan portfolio is originated in most regions of the united states with a concentration in the tri-state area of new york, new jersey and connecticut, as well as in texas, california and louisiana. our small ticket commercial real estate portfolio, which was originated on a national basis through a broker network, is in a run-off mode.
we provide additional information on the geographic concentration, by loan category, of our loan portfolio in "note 4-loans."
purchased credit-impaired loans our portfolio of loans includes certain of our consumer and commercial loans obtained in business acquisitions that were recorded at fair value at acquisition and subsequently accounted for using the guidance for accounting for pci loans and debt securities, which is based upon expected cash flows. these pci loans totaled $10.8 billion as of december 31, 2017 compared to $15.1 billion as of december 31, 2016.
the difference between the fair value at acquisition and expected cash flows represents the accretable yield, which is recognized in interest income over the life of the loans. the difference between the contractual payments on the loans and expected cash flows represents the nonaccretable difference, or the amount of principal and interest not considered collectible, which incorporates future expected credit losses over the life of the loans. we regularly update our estimate of expected principal and interest to be collected from these loans and evaluate the results for each accounting pool that was established at acquisition based on loans with common risk characteristics. probable decreases in expected cash flows would trigger the recognition of an allowance for loan and lease losses through our provision for credit losses. probable and significant increases in expected cash flows would first reverse any previously recorded allowance for loan and lease losses established subsequent to acquisition, with any remaining increase in expected cash flows recognized prospectively in interest income over the remaining estimated life of the underlying loans. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for additional information on pci loans that are accounted for based on expected cash flows.
81      capital one financial corporation (cof)
home loans the majority of our home loan portfolio are pci loans from previous acquisitions, representing 58% and 67% of our total home loan portfolio as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the expected cash flows for the pci loans in our home loan portfolio are significantly impacted by future expectations of home prices and interest rates. decreases in expected cash flows that result from declining conditions, particularly associated with these variables, could result in an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses and reduction in accretable yield. charge-offs on these loans are not recorded until the expected credit losses within the nonaccretable difference are depleted. in addition, pci loans are not classified as delinquent or nonperforming, as we expect to collect our net investment in these loans and the nonaccretable difference is expected to absorb the majority of the losses associated with these loans.
table 18 presents the break out of our total home loan portfolio by lien priority for pci loans and remaining loans.
table 18: home loans-risk profile by lien priority december 31, 2017
see "note 4-loans" in this report for additional credit quality information. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our accounting policies for pci loans, delinquent loans, nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and troubled debt restructurings ("tdrs") for each of our loan categories.
82      capital one financial corporation (cof)
loan maturity profile table 19 presents the maturities of our loans held for investment portfolio as of december 31, 2017.
table 19: loan maturity schedule december 31, 2017
credit card(1)                           $987                         $15,593                           -                  $16,580
credit card(1)                         98,181                               1                           -                   98,182
(1)   due to the revolving nature of credit card loans, we report the majority of our variable-rate credit card loans as due in one year or less. we report fixed-rate credit card loans with introductory rates that expire after a certain period of time as due in one year or less. we assume that the rest of our remaining fixed-rate credit card loans will mature within one to three years.
(2)   we report the maturity period for the home loan portfolio included in the consumer banking business based on the earlier of the next re-pricing or contractual maturity date of the loan.
credit risk measurement we closely monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk. key metrics we track in evaluating the credit quality of our loan portfolio include delinquency and nonperforming asset rates, as well as net charge-off rates and our internal risk ratings of larger-balance commercial loans. trends in delinquency rates are one of the primary indicators of credit risk within our consumer loan portfolios, particularly in our credit card loan portfolios, as changes in delinquency rates can provide an early warning of changes in credit losses. the primary indicator of credit risk in our commercial loan portfolios is our internal risk ratings. because we generally classify loans that have been delinquent for an extended period of time and other loans with significant risk of loss as nonperforming, the level of nonperforming assets represents another indicator of the potential for future credit losses. in addition to delinquency rates, the geographic distribution of our loans provides insight as to the exposure of the portfolio to regional economic conditions.
we underwrite most consumer loans using proprietary models, which are typically based on credit bureau data, including borrower credit scores, along with application information and, where applicable, collateral and deal structure data. we continuously adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. we also use borrower credit scores for subprime classification, for competitive benchmarking and, in some cases, to drive product segmentation decisions.
83      capital one financial corporation (cof)
the following table provides details on the credit scores of our domestic credit card and auto loans held for investment portfolios as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
table 20: credit score distribution
domestic credit card-refreshed fico scores:(1)
(1)   percentages represent period-end loans held for investment in each credit score category. domestic card credit scores generally represent fico scores. these scores are obtained from one of the major credit bureaus at origination and are refreshed monthly thereafter. we approximate non-fico credit scores to comparable fico scores for consistency purposes. balances for which no credit score is available or the credit score is invalid are included in the 660 or below category.
(2)   percentages represent period-end loans held for investment in each credit score category. auto credit scores generally represent average fico scores obtained from three credit bureaus at the time of application and are not refreshed thereafter. balances for which no credit score is available or the credit score is invalid are included in the 620 or below category.
we present information in the section below on the credit performance of our loan portfolio, including the key metrics we use in tracking changes in the credit quality of our loan portfolio.
see "note 4-loans" in this report for additional credit quality information, and see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our accounting policies for delinquent and nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and tdrs for each of our loan categories.
delinquency rates we consider the entire balance of an account to be delinquent if the minimum required payment is not received by the customer's due date, measured at each balance sheet date. our 30+ day delinquency metrics include all loans held for investment that are 30 or more days past due, whereas our 30+ day performing delinquency metrics include loans that are 30 or more days past due but are currently classified as performing and accruing interest. the 30+ day delinquency and 30+ day performing delinquency metrics are the same for domestic credit card loans, as we continue to classify loans as performing until the account is charged off, typically when the account is 180 days past due. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our policies for classifying loans as nonperforming for each of our loan categories. we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics above under "md&a-business segment financial performance."
84      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit card:
domestic credit card(2)                             $4,219                    4.01       %          $4,219              4.01     %              $3,839                    3.95       %          $3,839              3.95     %
total credit card(2)                                 4,563                    3.98                   4,578              3.99                     4,122                    3.91                   4,156              3.94
(2)   excluding the impact of the cabela's acquisition, the domestic credit card and total credit card 30+ day performing delinquency rates as of december 31, 2017 would have been 4.18% and 4.14%, respectively, and the total 30+ day performing delinquency rate would have been 3.28%.
85      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 23 summarizes loans that were 90+ days delinquent as to interest or principal, and still accruing interest as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. these loans consist primarily of credit card accounts between 90 days and 179 days past due. as permitted by regulatory guidance issued by the federal financial institutions examination council ("ffiec"), we continue to accrue interest and fees on domestic credit card loans through the date of charge-off, which is typically in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. while domestic credit card loans typically remain on accrual status until the loan is charged off, we reduce the balance of our credit card receivables by the amount of finance charges and fees billed but not expected to be collected and exclude this amount from revenue.
credit card                    $2,221            1.94     %         $1,936            1.83     %
86      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 24 presents comparative information on nonperforming loans, by portfolio segment, and other nonperforming assets as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. we do not classify loans held for sale as nonperforming, as they are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics above under "md&a-business segment financial performance."
credit card:
total credit card                                             24           0.02                   42           0.04
(3)   beginning in the first quarter of 2017, partially charged-off auto loans previously presented within other assets were prospectively included within loans held for investment. other assets includes repossessed assets obtained in satisfaction of auto loans and the net realizable value of certain partially charged-off auto loans, which will continue to decline over time.
(5)   excluding the impact of domestic credit card loans, nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment was 0.60% and 1.08% as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
87      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit card:
domestic credit card(2)                           $4,739            4.99     %            $3,681              4.16     %            $2,718              3.45     %
total credit card(2)                               5,054            4.88                   3,953              4.09                   2,918              3.36
(2)   excluding the impact of the cabela's acquisition, the domestic credit card and total credit card net charge-off rates for the year ended december 31, 2017 would have been 5.07% and 4.95%, respectively.
88      capital one financial corporation (cof)
troubled debt restructurings as part of our loss mitigation efforts, we may provide short-term (three to twelve months) or long-term (greater than twelve months) modifications to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty to improve long-term collectability of the loan and to avoid the need for foreclosure or repossession of collateral.
table 26 presents our recorded investment of loans modified in tdrs as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, which excludes loan modifications that do not meet the definition of a tdr, and pci loans, which we track and report separately.
(dollars in millions)                amount           % of total modifications               amount           % of total modifications credit card                       $812                     36.9              %            $715                     29.0              %
in the credit card business, the majority of our credit card loans modified in tdrs involve reducing the interest rate on the account and placing the customer on a fixed payment plan not exceeding 60 months. the effective interest rate in effect immediately prior to the loan modification is used as the effective interest rate for purposes of measuring impairment using the present value of expected cash flows. if the customer does not comply with the modified payment terms, then the credit card loan agreement may revert to its original payment terms, likely resulting in any loan outstanding reflected in the appropriate delinquency category, and charged off in accordance with our standard charge-off policy.
in the consumer banking business, the majority of our loans modified in tdrs receive an extension, an interest rate reduction or principal reduction, or a combination of the three. in addition, tdrs also occur in connection with bankruptcy of the borrower. in certain bankruptcy discharges, the loan is written down to the collateral value and the charged off amount is reported as principal reduction. their impairment is determined using the present value of expected cash flows or a collateral evaluation for certain auto and home loans where the collateral value is lower than the recorded investment.
in the commercial banking business, the majority of loans modified in tdrs receive an extension, with a portion of these loans receiving an interest rate reduction or a gross balance reduction. the impairment on modified commercial loans is generally determined based on the underlying collateral value.
we provide additional information on modified loans accounted for as tdrs, including the performance of those loans subsequent to modification, in "note 4-loans."
impaired loans a loan is considered to be impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan. generally, we report loans as impaired based on the method for measuring impairment in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. loans defined as individually impaired include larger-balance commercial nonperforming loans and tdrs. loans held for sale are not reported as impaired, as these loans are recorded at lower of cost or fair value. impaired loans also exclude pci loans, which are accounted for based on expected cash flows because this accounting methodology takes into consideration future credit losses expected to be incurred.
89      capital one financial corporation (cof)
impaired loans totaled $2.4 billion and $3.2 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. these amounts include tdrs of $2.2 billion and $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we provide additional information on our impaired loans, including the allowance for loan and lease losses established for these loans, in "note 4-loans" and "note 5-allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments."
allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments our allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's best estimate of incurred loan and lease credit losses inherent to our held for investment portfolio as of each balance sheet date. the allowance for loan and lease losses is increased through the provision for credit losses and reduced by net charge-offs. we provide additional information on the methodologies and key assumptions used in determining our allowance for loan and lease losses under "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
table 27 presents changes in our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments for 2017 and 2016, and details by portfolio segment for the provision for credit losses, charge-offs and recoveries.
90      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 27: allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments activity credit card                                                            consumer banking
(dollars in millions)                                             domestic card           international card businesses           total credit card                auto            home             retail                total             commercial banking          other(1)               total loan            banking             consumer banking allowance for loan and lease losses:
reserve for unfunded lending commitments:
benefit for losses on unfunded lending commitments                     -                                  -                               -                       -               -                 -                    -                        (32        )            -                  (32   )
reserve for unfunded lending commitments:
benefit for losses on unfunded lending commitments                     -                                  -                               -                       -               -                 -                    -                        (12        )            -                  (12   )
91      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit card (30+ day delinquent loans)                   123.36                      110.83
(1)   allowance coverage ratios by loan category are calculated based on the allowance for loan and lease losses for each specified portfolio segment divided by period-end loans held for investment within the specified loan category.
•   an allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio primarily due to increasing losses from recent vintages and portfolio seasoning; and
•   an allowance build in our auto loan portfolio due to higher losses associated with growth.
these increases were partially offset by an allowance decrease in our commercial loan portfolio primarily driven by charge-offs in our taxi medallion lending portfolio, as well as reduced exposure and improved credit risk ratings in our oil and gas portfolio.
liquidity risk profile we have established liquidity practices that are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements and maintain adequate reserves to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. we maintain these reserves in the form of readily-marketable or pledgeable assets that can be used as a source of liquidity, if needed.
table 29 below presents the composition of our liquidity reserves as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
table 29: liquidity reserves
investment securities portfolio:
investment securities available for sale, at fair value                   37,655                  40,737
investment securities held to maturity, at fair value                     29,437                  26,196
total investment securities portfolio                                     67,092                  66,933
fhlb borrowing capacity secured by loans                                  20,927                  24,078
outstanding fhlb advances and letters of credit secured by loans          (9,115       )         (17,646       )
investment securities encumbered for public funds and others              (8,619       )          (9,265       )
total liquidity reserves                                                 $84,325                 $74,076
our liquidity reserves increased by $10.2 billion to $84.3 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016 primarily due to the decrease in our fhlb advances outstanding and an increase in our cash and cash equivalents. see "md&a-risk management" for additional information on our management of liquidity risk.
92      capital one financial corporation (cof)
liquidity coverage ratio we are subject to the final liquidity coverage ratio rule ("final lcr rule") issued by the federal banking agencies. the final lcr rule came into effect in january 2015 and required us to calculate the lcr daily starting july 1, 2016. the minimum lcr standard was phased-in beginning january 1, 2015 and is at 100% as of january 1, 2017. at december 31, 2017, we exceeded the fully phased-in lcr requirement. the calculation and the underlying components are based on our interpretations, expectations and assumptions of relevant regulations, as well as interpretations provided by our regulators, and are subject to change based on changes to future regulations and interpretations. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information.
borrowing capacity we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec on march 31, 2015, which expires in march 2018. under this shelf registration, we may periodically offer and sell an indeterminate aggregate amount of senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock, purchase contracts, warrants and units. there is no limit under this shelf registration to the amount or number of such securities that we may offer and sell, subject to market conditions. we expect to file a new shelf registration statement prior to the expiration of our existing shelf registration statement. we also filed a shelf registration statement with the sec on january 12, 2016, which expires in january 2019 and allows us to periodically offer and sell up to $23 billion of securitized debt obligations from our credit card loan securitization trust.
in addition to our issuance capacity under the shelf registration statements, we also have access to fhlb advances with a maximum borrowing capacity of $21.0 billion, of which $11.9 billion was still available to us to borrow as of december 31, 2017. the ability to draw down funding is based on membership status and the amount is dependent upon the banks' ability to post collateral. our fhlb membership is secured by our investment in fhlb stock of $360 million and $760 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which was determined in part based on our outstanding advances. we also have access to the federal reserve discount window through which we had a borrowing capacity of $7.4 billion as of december 31, 2017. our membership with the federal reserve is secured by our investment in federal reserve stock, totaling $1.2 billion as of both december 31, 2017 and 2016.
funding the company's primary source of funding comes from deposits, which provide a stable and relatively low cost of funds. in addition to deposits, the company raises funding through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes, fhlb advances secured by certain portions of our loan and securities portfolios, the issuance of securitized debt obligations, the issuance of brokered deposits, federal funds purchased and other borrowings. a key objective in our use of these markets is to maintain access to a diversified mix of wholesale funding sources.
deposits table 30 provides the composition of deposits as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, as well as a comparison of average balances, interest expense and average deposit interest rates for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
table 30: deposits composition and average deposits interest rates december 31,
non-interest-bearing deposits                   $26,404               $25,502               $25,847
saving deposits(2)                              144,309               145,142               134,075
time deposits less than $100,000                 25,350                16,949                10,347
total core deposits                             239,001               233,413               214,989
time deposits of $100,000 or more                 4,330                 2,875                 1,889
foreign deposits                                    371                   480                   843
total deposits                                 $243,702              $236,768              $217,721
93      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(dollars in millions)                           averagebalance             interestexpense           averagedepositsinterest rate           averagebalance             interestexpense           averagedepositsinterest rate                average             interest                average balance              expense               deposits interest rate interest-bearing checking accounts(1)           $44,537                       $227                          0.51                %           $45,339                       $218                          0.48                %           $42,785                 $208               0.49        %
saving deposits(2)                              144,273                        982                          0.68                            137,753                        814                          0.59                            132,658                  769               0.58
time deposits less than $100,000                 21,030                        337                          1.60                             12,062                        144                          1.19                              7,213                   74               1.03
total interest-bearing core deposits            209,840                      1,546                          0.74                            195,154                      1,176                          0.60                            182,656                1,051               0.58
time deposits of $100,000 or more                 3,661                         54                          1.50                              2,511                         35                          1.39                              2,043                   36               1.76
foreign deposits                                    448                          2                          0.38                                639                          2                          0.35                                978                    4               0.34
total interest-bearing deposits                $213,949                     $1,602                          0.75                           $198,304                     $1,213                          0.61                           $185,677               $1,091               0.59
(1)   includes negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") accounts.
(2)   includes money market deposit accounts ("mmda").
our deposits include brokered deposits, which we obtained through third-party intermediaries. those brokered deposits are reported as interest-bearing checking, saving deposits and time deposits in the above table and totaled $25.1 billion and $22.5 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the fdic limits the acceptance of brokered deposits by well-capitalized insured depository institutions and, with a waiver from the fdic, by adequately-capitalized institutions. cobna and cona were well-capitalized, as defined under the federal banking regulatory guidelines, as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information.
table 31 presents the contractual maturities of large-denomination domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. our funding and liquidity management activities factor into the expected maturities of these deposits.
table 31: maturities of large-denomination domestic time deposits-$100,000 or more december 31,
short-term borrowings and long-term debt we access the capital markets to meet our funding needs through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes, securitized debt obligations, and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. in addition, we may utilize short-term and long-term fhlb advances secured by our investment securities, residential home loans, multifamily real estate loans, commercial real estate loans and home equity lines of credit. substantially all of our long-term fhlb advances are structured with either a monthly or a quarterly call option at our discretion.
our short-term borrowings include those borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less and do not include the current portion of long-term debt. the short-term borrowings, which consist of federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, decreased by $416 million to $576 million as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016.
94      capital one financial corporation (cof)
our long-term debt, which primarily consists of securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes, and long-term fhlb advances, increased by $237 million to $59.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 from december 31, 2016, primarily attributable to net issuances of senior and subordinated notes and securitized debt obligations, partially offset by a decrease in our fhlb advances outstanding.
the following table summarizes issuances of securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes, and fhlb advances and their respective maturities or redemptions for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
table 32: long-term funding issuances                        maturities/redemptions year ended december 31,                       year ended december 31,
securitized debt obligations(1)          $8,474                  $6,275                $7,233                  $3,520
(1)   includes $2.5 billion of securitized debt assumed in the cabela's acquisition for the year ended december 31, 2017.
credit ratings our credit ratings impact our ability to access capital markets and our borrowing costs. rating agencies base their ratings on numerous factors, including liquidity, capital adequacy, asset quality, quality of earnings and the probability of systemic support. significant changes in these factors could result in different ratings. such ratings help to support our cost effective unsecured funding as part of our overall financing programs.
table 33 provides a summary of the credit ratings for the senior unsecured long-term debt of capital one financial corporation, cobna and cona as of december 31, 2017 and 2016.
table 33: senior unsecured long-term debt credit ratings december 31, 2017                                            december 31, 2016
capital onefinancialcorporation         cobna         cona   capital onefinancialcorporation         cobna         cona moody's   baa1                                    baa1          baa1   baa1                                    baa1          baa1
fitch     a-                                      a-            a-     a-                                      a-            a-
as of february 15, 2018, s&p and fitch ratings ("fitch") have us on a stable outlook. on november 8, 2017, moody's affirmed our senior unsecured long-term debt credit ratings and revised our outlook from stable to negative.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments that affect our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. our future cash outflows primarily relate to deposits, borrowings and operating leases. table 34 summarizes, by remaining contractual maturity, our significant contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2017. the actual timing and amounts of future cash payments may differ from the amounts presented below due to a number of factors, such as discretionary debt repurchases. table 34 excludes short-term obligations such as trade payables, representation and warranty reserves, and obligations for pension and post-retirement benefit plans, which are discussed in more detail in "note 19-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" and "note 15-employee benefit plans."
95      capital one financial corporation (cof)
1 year               to 3 years               to 5 years interest-bearing time deposits(1)(2)                                                          $9,025                $12,542                   $7,955                     $158                $29,680
securitized debt obligations(2)                                                                2,666                 12,117                    4,250                      977                 20,010
federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase             576                      -                        -                        -                    576
(1)   includes only those interest-bearing deposits which have a contractual maturity date.
(2)   these amounts represent the carrying value of the obligations and do not include amounts related to contractual interest obligations. total contractual interest obligations were approximately $6.8 billion as of december 31, 2017, and represent forecasted net interest payments based on interest rates as of december 31, 2017. these forecasts use the contractual maturity date of each liability and include the impact of hedge accounting where applicable.
market risk profile market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and derivatives. below we provide additional information about our primary sources of market risk, our market risk management strategies and the measures we use to evaluate our market risk exposure.
primary market risk exposures our primary source of market risk is interest rate risk. we also have exposure to foreign exchange risk and customer-related trading risk, both of which we believe are minimal after considering the impact of our associated risk management activities discussed below.
interest rate risk interest rate risk, which represents exposure to instruments whose yield or price varies with the volatility of interest rates, is our most significant source of market risk exposure. banks are inevitably exposed to interest rate risk due to differences in the timing between the maturities or re-pricing of assets and liabilities.
foreign exchange risk foreign exchange risk represents exposure to changes in the values of current holdings and future cash flows denominated in other currencies. our primary exposure to foreign exchange risk is related to the operations of our international businesses in the u.k. and canada. the largest foreign exchange exposure arising from these operations is the funding they are provided in the great british pound ("gbp") and the canadian dollar ("cad"), respectively. we also have foreign exchange exposure through our net equity investments in these operations and through the dollar-denominated value of future earnings and cash flows they generate.
96      capital one financial corporation (cof)
our intercompany funding exposes our consolidated statements of income to foreign exchange transaction risk, while our equity investments in our foreign operations result in translation risk exposure in our aoci and capital ratios. we manage our transaction risk by entering into forward foreign currency derivative contracts to hedge our exposure to variability in cash flows related to foreign currency-denominated intercompany borrowings. we use foreign currency derivative contracts as net investment hedges to manage our aoci exposure. we apply hedge accounting to both our intercompany funding hedges and our net investment hedges, with the primary net investments subject to hedging denominated in gbp.
we measure our total exposure in non-dollar-denominated equity by regularly tracking the value of net equity invested in our foreign operations, the largest of which is in our u.k. and canadian operations. our measurement of net equity includes the impact of net investment hedges where applicable. we apply a 30% u.s. dollar appreciation shock against these net investment exposures, which we believe approximates a significant adverse foreign exchange movement over a one-year time horizon. our gross equity exposures in our u.k. and canadian operations were 1.6 billion and 1.5 billion gbp as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and 1.0 billion cad and 863 million cad as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
as a result of our derivative management activities, we believe our net exposure to foreign exchange risk is minimal.
customer-related trading risk we offer various interest rate, foreign exchange rate and commodity derivatives as an accommodation to customers within our commercial banking business and offset the majority of these exposures through derivative transactions with other counterparties. these exposures are measured and monitored on a daily basis. as a result of offsetting our customer exposures with other counterparties, we believe our net exposure to customer-related trading risk is minimal.
we employ value-at-risk ("var") as the primary method to both measure and monitor the market risk in our customer-related trading activities. var is a statistical-based risk measure used to estimate the potential loss from adverse market movements in a normal market environment. we employ a historical simulation approach using the most recent 500 business days and use a 99 percent confidence level and a holding period of one business day. we use internal models to produce a daily var measure of the market risk of all customer-related trading exposures.
for further information on our customer-related trading exposures, see "note 10-derivative instruments and hedging activities."
market risk management we employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, which include, but are not limited to, altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities and mitigating the foreign exchange exposure of certain non-dollar-denominated equity or transactions. derivatives are the primary tools that we use for managing interest rate and foreign exchange risk. use of derivatives is included in our current market risk management policies. we execute our derivative contracts in both over-the-counter ("otc") and exchange-traded derivative markets and have exposure to both bilateral and clearinghouse counterparties. although the majority of our derivatives are interest rate swaps, we also use a variety of other derivative instruments, including caps, floors, options, futures and forward contracts, to manage both our interest rate and foreign currency risk. the outstanding notional amount of our derivative contracts increased to $196.6 billion as of december 31, 2017 from $142.9 billion as of december 31, 2016 primarily driven by an increase in our hedging activities.
97      capital one financial corporation (cof)
market risk measurement we have risk management policies and limits established by our market risk management policies and approved by the board of directors. our objective is to manage our asset and liability risk position and exposure to market risk in accordance with these policies and prescribed limits based on prevailing market conditions and long-term expectations. because no single measure can reflect all aspects of market risk, we use various industry standard market risk measurement techniques and analysis to measure, assess and manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and our economic value of equity and the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on our non-dollar-denominated earnings and non-dollar equity investments in foreign operations. we provide additional information below in "economic value of equity."
we consider the impact on both net interest income and economic value of equity in measuring and managing our interest rate risk. due to the increase in interest rates since december 31, 2016, we have incorporated a 100-basis points decline scenario into our interest rate sensitivity analysis. we use this 100-basis points decrease as our largest magnitude declining interest rate scenario, since a scenario where interest rates would decline by 200 basis points is unlikely. in scenarios where a 100-basis points decline would result in a rate less than 0%, we assume a rate of 0%. below we discuss the assumptions used in calculating each of these measures.
net interest income sensitivity this sensitivity measure estimates the impact on our projected 12-month baseline interest rate-sensitive revenue resulting from movements in interest rates. interest rate-sensitive revenue consists of net interest income and certain components of other non-interest income significantly impacted by movements in interest rates, including changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights and free-standing interest rate swaps. adjusted net interest income consists of net interest income and changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, including related derivative hedging activity, and changes in the fair value of free-standing interest rate swaps. in addition to our existing assets and liabilities, we incorporate expected future business growth assumptions, such as loan and deposit growth and pricing, and plans for projected changes in our funding mix in our baseline forecast. in measuring the sensitivity of interest rate movements on our projected interest rate-sensitive revenue, we assume a hypothetical instantaneous parallel shift in the level of interest rates of +200 basis points, +100 basis points, +50 basis points, -50 basis points and -100 basis points to spot rates, with the lower rate scenario limited to zero as described above. at the current level of interest rates, our net interest income remains mostly unchanged in the -50, +50 and +100 basis points scenarios and decreases slightly in the -100 and +200 basis points scenarios.
economic value of equity our economic value of equity sensitivity measure estimates the impact on the net present value of our assets and liabilities, including derivative hedging activity, resulting from movements in interest rates. our economic value of equity sensitivity measures are calculated based on our existing assets and liabilities, including derivatives, and do not incorporate business growth assumptions or projected plans for funding mix changes. in measuring the sensitivity of interest rate movements on our economic value of equity, we assume a hypothetical instantaneous parallel shift in the level of interest rates of +200 basis points, +100 basis points, +50 basis points, -50 basis points and -100 basis points to spot rates, with the lower rate scenario limited to zero as described above.
calculating our economic value of equity and its sensitivity to interest rates requires projecting cash flows for assets, liabilities and derivative instruments and discounting those cash flows at the appropriate discount rates. key assumptions in our economic value of equity calculation include projecting rate sensitive prepayments for mortgage securities, loans and other assets, term structure modeling of interest rates, discount spreads, and deposit volume and pricing assumptions.
our current economic value of equity sensitivity profile demonstrates that our economic value of equity generally decreases as interest rates increase indicating that the economic value of our assets and derivative positions is more sensitive to interest rate changes than our liabilities.
table 35 shows the estimated percentage impact on our projected baseline net interest income and economic value of equity calculated under the methodology described above as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. during the second quarter of 2017, we updated our projected commercial deposit attrition assumptions that resulted in longer life of these deposit balances and accounts for most of the decrease in economic value of equity sensitivity from december 31, 2016. our net interest income sensitivity measures were largely unchanged from this assumption update.
98      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 35: interest rate sensitivity analysis december 31,          december 31,
-100 basis points                                                   (1.3   )               n/a estimated impact on economic value of equity:
-100 basis points                                                   (1.5   )               n/a in addition to these industry standard measures, we will continue to factor into our internal interest rate risk management decisions the potential impact of alternative interest rate scenarios, such as stressed rate shocks as well as steepening and flattening yield curve scenarios.
limitations of market risk measures the interest rate risk models that we use in deriving these measures incorporate contractual information, internally-developed assumptions and proprietary modeling methodologies, which project borrower and depositor behavior patterns in certain interest rate environments. other market inputs, such as interest rates, market prices and interest rate volatility, are also critical components of our interest rate risk measures. we regularly evaluate, update and enhance these assumptions, models and analytical tools as we believe appropriate to reflect our best assessment of the market environment and the expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities.
there are inherent limitations in any methodology used to estimate the exposure to changes in market interest rates. the sensitivity analysis described above contemplates only certain movements in interest rates and is performed at a particular point in time based on the existing balance sheet and, in some cases, expected future business growth and funding mix assumptions. the strategic actions that management may take to manage our balance sheet may differ significantly from our projections, which could cause our actual earnings and economic value of equity sensitivities to differ substantially from the above sensitivity analysis.
99      capital one financial corporation (cof)
supplemental tables table a-loans held for investment portfolio composition december 31,
credit card:
domestic credit card                            $105,293               $97,120               $87,939               $77,704               $73,255
total credit card                                114,762               105,552                96,125                85,876                81,305
100     capital one financial corporation (cof)
(1)   credit card loan balances are reported net of the finance charge and fee reserve, which totaled $491 million, $402 million, $262 million, $216 million and $190 million as of december 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(4)   excluding the impact of the cabela's acquisition, the total 30+ day performing delinquency rate would have been 3.28%.
101     capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit card:
total credit card                                          24                  42                  53                  70                  88
(1)   beginning in the first quarter of 2017, partially charged-off auto loans previously presented within other assets were prospectively included within loans held for investment. other assets includes repossessed assets obtained in satisfaction of auto loans and the net realizable value of certain partially charged-off auto loans, which will continue to decline over time.
102     capital one financial corporation (cof)
103     capital one financial corporation (cof)
table e-summary of allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments december 31,
credit card                                                                               (6,321   )          (5,019   )          (4,028   )          (3,963   )          (4,542   )
credit card                                                                                1,267               1,066               1,110               1,235               1,257
provision for credit losses                                                                7,563               6,491               4,490               3,515               3,401
reserve for unfunded lending commitments:
provision (benefit) for losses on unfunded lending commitments                               (12   )             (32   )              46                  26                  52
credit card                                                                               $5,648              $4,606              $3,654              $3,204              $3,214
104     capital one financial corporation (cof)
we include certain non-gaap measures in the following tables. we consider these metrics to be key financial performance measures that management uses in assessing capital adequacy and the level of returns generated. while our non-gaap measures are widely used by investors, analysts and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies, they may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. these non-gaap measures are individually identified and calculations are explained in footnotes below the table. the following tables present reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the applicable amounts measured in accordance with gaap.
table f-reconciliation of non-gaap measures and calculation of regulatory capital measures december 31,
tangible common equity (period-end):
stockholders' equity                                               $48,730               $47,514               $47,284               $45,053               $41,632
tangible common equity                                             $29,264               $27,734               $28,289               $27,848               $24,995
tangible common equity (average):
stockholders' equity                                               $49,530               $48,753               $47,713               $44,268               $41,482
tangible common equity                                             $29,862               $29,612               $29,799               $27,480               $24,691
capital ratios:(4)
common equity tier 1 capital(5)                                       10.3   %              10.1   %              11.1   %              12.5   %               n/a tier 1 common(6)                                                       n/a                   n/a                   n/a                   n/a                  12.2   %
tier 1 capital(7)                                                     11.8                  11.6                  12.4                  13.2                  12.6
total capital(8)                                                      14.4                  14.3                  14.6                  15.1                  14.7
supplementary leverage(10)                                             8.4                   8.6                   9.2                   n/a                   n/a regulatory capital metrics:
105     capital one financial corporation (cof)
regulatory capital under basel iii standardized approach:(4)
common equity excluding aoci                                                          $45,296             $44,103             $44,606             $43,661
goodwill, net of related deferred tax liabilities(1)                                  (14,380   )         (14,307   )         (14,296   )         (13,805   )
intangible assets, net of related deferred tax liabilities(1)(13)                        (330   )            (384   )            (393   )            (243   )
common equity tier 1 capital                                                           30,036              28,803              29,544              29,534
tier 1 capital instruments(2)                                                           4,360               4,359               3,294               1,822
additional tier 1 capital adjustments                                                       -                   -                   -                  (1   )
tier 1 capital                                                                         34,396              33,162              32,838              31,355
tier 2 capital instruments                                                              3,865               4,047               2,654               1,542
additional tier 2 capital adjustments                                                       -                   -                   -                   1
tier 2 capital                                                                          7,566               7,655               6,000               4,524
total capital                                                                         $41,962             $40,817             $38,838             $35,879
regulatory capital under basel i:(4)
total stockholders' equity                                                                                 $41,632
net unrealized losses (gains) on investment securities available for sale recorded in aoci(13)                 791
tier 1 common capital                                                                                       27,375
tier 1 restricted core capital items                                                                             2
tier 1 capital                                                                                              28,230
long-term debt qualifying as tier 2 capital                                                                  1,914
tier 2 capital                                                                                               4,757
total capital                                                                                              $32,987
(2)   noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and tier 1 capital instruments include related surplus.
(4)   beginning on january 1, 2014, we calculate our regulatory capital under the basel iii standardized approach subject to transition provisions. prior to january 1, 2014, we calculated regulatory capital under basel i.
(5)   common equity tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on common equity tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(6)   tier 1 common capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure under basel i calculated based on tier 1 common capital divided by basel i risk-weighted assets.
(7)   tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(8)   total capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(9)   adjusted average assets, for the purpose of calculating our tier 1 leverage ratio, represent total average assets adjusted for amounts that deducted from tier 1 capital, predominately goodwill and intangible assets. tier 1 leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average assets.
106     capital one financial corporation (cof)
(10)   supplementary leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by total leverage exposure. see "md&amp;a-capital management" for additional information.
(11)   as of january 1, 2015, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, subject to transition provisions. prior to january 1, 2015 risk-weighted assets were calculated under basel i. includes credit and market risk weighted assets starting in 2016.
(13)   amounts based on transition provisions for regulatory capital deductions and adjustments of 20% for 2014, 40% for 2015, 60% for 2016 and 80% for 2017.
107     capital one financial corporation (cof)
(dollars in millions, except per share data and as noted) (unaudited)                                                                                            2017                                                                                    2016
provision for credit losses                                                               1,926                 1,833                 1,800                 1,992                 1,752                 1,588                 1,592                 1,527
net interest income after provision for credit losses                                     3,887                 3,867                 3,673                 3,482                 3,695                 3,689                 3,501                 3,529
dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities(1)                (1   )                (8   )                (8   )                (5   )                (6   )                (6   )                (6   )                (6   )
interest-bearing deposits                                                               215,258               213,137               214,412               212,973               206,464               196,913               195,641               194,125
total deposits                                                                          241,562               238,843               240,550               238,550               232,204               222,251               221,146               219,180
common equity                                                                            46,350                45,816                44,645                43,833                43,921                45,314                45,640                45,782
total stockholders' equity                                                               50,710                50,176                49,005                48,193                47,972                49,033                48,934                49,078
(1)   dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities and earnings per share are computed independently for each period. accordingly, the sum of each quarterly amount may not agree to the year-to-date total.
108     capital one financial corporation (cof)
2017 stock repurchase program: on june 28, 2017, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $1.85 billion of shares of our common stock from the third quarter of 2017 through the end of the second quarter of 2018. in december 2017, the board of directors reduced the authorized repurchases of our common stock to up to $1.0 billion for the remaining 2017 ccar period, which ends june 30, 2018. any common stock repurchases for the remainder of the 2017 stock repurchase program are subject to the federal reserve not objecting to our revised capital plan for the 2017 ccar process submitted on december 24, 2017.
basel committee: the basel committee on banking supervision.
basel iii advanced approaches: the basel iii advanced approaches is mandatory for those institutions with consolidated total assets of $250 billion or more or consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposure of $10 billion or more. the basel iii capital rule modified the advanced approaches version of basel ii to create the basel iii advanced approaches.
basel iii capital rule: the federal baking agencies issued a rule in july 2013 implementing the basel iii capital framework developed by the basel committee as well as certain dodd-frank act and other capital provisions.
basel iii standardized approach: the basel iii capital rule modified basel i to create the basel iii standardized approach, which requires for basel iii advanced approaches banking organizations that have yet to exit parallel run to use the basel iii standardized approach to calculate regulatory capital, including capital ratios, subject to transition provisions.
cabela's acquisition: on september 25, 2017, we completed the acquisition from synovus bank of credit card assets and related liabilities of world's foremost bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of cabela's incorporated.
capital one: capital one financial corporation and its subsidiaries.
carrying value (with respect to loans): the amount at which a loan is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. for loans recorded at amortized cost, carrying value is the unpaid principal balance net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs, and unamortized purchase premium or discount. for loans that are or have been on nonaccrual status, the carrying value is also reduced by any net charge-offs that have been recorded and the amount of interest payments applied as a reduction of principal under the cost recovery method. for credit card loans, the carrying value also includes interest that has been billed to the customer. for loans classified as held for sale, carrying value is the lower of carrying value as described in the sentences above, or fair value. for pci loans, carrying value represents the present value of all expected cash flows including interest that has not yet been accrued, discounted at the effective interest rate, including any valuation allowance for impaired loans.
cecl: in june 2016, the fasb issued revised guidance for impairments on financial instruments. the guidance, which becomes effective on january 1, 2020 with early adoption permitted no earlier than january 1, 2019, requires use of a current expected credit loss ("cecl") model that is based on expected rather than incurred losses, with an anticipated result of more timely loss recognition.
cobna: capital one bank (usa), national association, one of our fully owned subsidiaries, which offers credit and debit card products, other lending products and deposit products.
common equity tier 1 capital: calculated as the sum of common equity, related surplus and retained earnings, and accumulated other comprehensive income net of applicable phase-ins, less goodwill and intangibles net of associated deferred tax liabilities and applicable phase-ins, less other deductions, as defined by regulators.
company: capital one financial corporation and its subsidiaries.
cona: capital one, national association, one of our fully owned subsidiaries, which offers a broad spectrum of banking products and financial services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients.
credit risk: the risk of loss from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract or otherwise fail to perform as agreed.
109     capital one financial corporation (cof)
derivative: a contract or agreement whose value is derived from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, prices of securities or commodities, credit worthiness for credit default swaps or financial or commodity indices.
discontinued operations: the operating results of a component of an entity, as defined by accounting standards codification ("asc") 205, that are removed from continuing operations when that component has been disposed of or it is management's intention to sell the component.
exchange act: the securities exchange act of 1934.
federal banking agencies: the federal reserve, office of the comptroller of the currency and federal deposit insurance corporation.
fico score: a measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical modeling software created by fico (formerly known as "fair isaac corporation") utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus.
final lcr rule: in september 2014, the federal banking agencies issued final rules implementing the basel iii liquidity coverage ratio in the united states. the lcr is calculated by dividing the amount of an institution's high quality, unencumbered liquid assets by its estimated net cash outflow, as defined and calculated in accordance with final lcr rule.
greenpoint: refers to our wholesale mortgage banking unit, greenpoint mortgage funding, inc., which was closed in 2007.
gse or agency: a government-sponsored enterprise or agency is a financial services corporation created by the united states congress. examples of u.s. government agencies include federal national mortgage association ("fannie mae"), federal home loan mortgage corporation ("freddie mac"), government national mortgage association ("ginnie mae") and the federal home loan banks ("fhlb").
hfs acquisition: on december 1, 2015, we acquired the healthcare financial services business of general electric capital corporation, which provides financing to companies in various healthcare sectors, including hospitals, senior housing, medical offices, pharmaceuticals, medical devices and healthcare technology.
impaired loans: a loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan.
interest rate sensitivity: the exposure to interest rate movements.
interest rate swaps: contracts in which a series of interest rate flows in a single currency are exchanged over a prescribed period. interest rate swaps are the most common type of derivative contract that we use in our asset/liability management activities.
investor entities: entities that invest in community development entities ("cde") that provide debt financing to businesses and non-profit entities in low-income and rural communities.
leverage ratio: tier 1 capital divided by average assets after certain adjustments, as defined by the regulators.
liquidity risk: the risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time period.
110     capital one financial corporation (cof)
managed presentation: a non-gaap presentation of financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. management uses this non-gaap financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors.
market risk: the risk that an institution's earnings or the economic value of equity could be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other market factors.
master netting agreement: an agreement between two counterparties that have multiple contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in the event of default or termination of any one contract.
mortgage-backed security ("mbs"): an asset-backed security whose cash flows are backed by the principal and interest payments of a set of mortgage loans.
mortgage servicing rights ("msr"): the right to service a mortgage loan when the underlying loan is sold or securitized. servicing includes collections for principal, interest and escrow payments from borrowers and accounting for and remitting principal and interest payments to investors.
option-arm loans: the option-arm real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that initially provides the borrower with the monthly option to make a fully-amortizing, interest-only or minimum fixed payment. after the initial payment option period, usually five years, the recalculated minimum payment represents a fully-amortizing principal and interest payment that would effectively repay the loan by the end of its contractual term.
other-than-temporary impairment ("otti"): an impairment charge taken on a security whose fair value has fallen below the carrying value on the balance sheet and whose value is not expected to recover through the holding period of the security.
purchased credit-impaired ("pci") loans: loans acquired in a business combination that were recorded at fair value at acquisition and subsequently accounted for based on cash flows expected to be collected in accordance with asc 310-30, loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality.
public fund deposits: deposits that are derived from a variety of political subdivisions such as school districts and municipalities.
rating agency: an independent agency that assesses the credit quality and likelihood of default of an issue or issuer and assigns a rating to that issue or issuer.
recorded investment: the amount of the investment in a loan which includes any direct write-down of the investment.
repurchase agreement: an instrument used to raise short-term funds whereby securities are sold with an agreement for the seller to buy back the securities at a later date.
restructuring charges: charges associated with the realignment of resources supporting various businesses, primarily consisting of severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs and impairment of certain assets related to business locations and activities being exited.
return on average common equity: calculated based on the sum of (i) income from continuing operations, net of tax; (ii) less dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities; (iii) less preferred stock dividends, for the period, divided by average common equity. our calculation of return on average common equity may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies.
111     capital one financial corporation (cof)
return on average tangible common equity: a non-gaap financial measure calculated based on the sum of (i) income from continuing operations, net of tax; (ii) less dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities; and (iii) less preferred stock dividends, for the period, divided by average tangible common equity. our calculation of return on average tangible common equity may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies.
securitized debt obligations: a type of asset-backed security and structured credit product constructed from a portfolio of fixed-income assets.
subprime: for purposes of lending in our credit card business, we generally consider fico scores of 660 or below, or other equivalent risk scores, to be subprime. for purposes of auto lending in our consumer banking business, we generally consider fico scores of 620 or below to be subprime.
tax act: the act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles ii and v of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018 enacted on december 22, 2017.
tangible common equity ("tce"): a non-gaap financial measure. common equity less goodwill and intangible assets adjusted for deferred tax liabilities associated with non-tax deductible intangible assets and tax deductible goodwill.
u.s. gaap: accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. accounting rules and conventions defining acceptable practices in preparing financial statements in the u.s.
unfunded commitments: legally binding agreements to provide a defined level of financing until a specified future date.
variable interest entity ("vie"): an entity that (i) lacks enough equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties; (ii) has equity owners that lack the right to make significant decisions affecting the entity's operations; and/or (iii) has equity owners that do not have an obligation to absorb or the right to receive the entity's losses or return.
112     capital one financial corporation (cof)
acronyms abs: asset-backed security afs: available for sale aml: anti-money laundering aoci: accumulated other comprehensive income arm: adjustable rate mortgage asc: accounting standards codification bhc: bank holding company bps: basis points cad: canadian dollar ccar: comprehensive capital analysis and review ccp: central counterparty clearinghouse, or central clearinghouse cde: community development entities cecl: current expected credit loss ceo: chief executive officer cfpb: consumer financial protection bureau cftc: commodity futures trading commission cifg: cifg assurance north america, inc. ("u.s. bank litigation")
cmbs: commercial mortgage-backed securities cme: chicago mercantile exchange coep: capital one (europe) plc cof: capital one financial corporation coso: committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission cra: community reinvestment act cva: credit valuation adjustment dcf: discounted cash flow dcm: designated contract market ddos: distributed denial of service dif: deposit insurance fund drr: designated reserve ratio dus: delegated underwriting and servicing dva: debit valuation adjustment eu: european union fannie mae: federal national mortgage association fasb: financial accounting standards board fca: financial conduct authority fcm: futures commission merchant fdic: federal deposit insurance corporation fdicia: the federal deposit insurance corporation improvement act of 1991
ffiec: federal financial institutions examination council fhfa: federal housing finance agency fhlb: federal home loan banks fis: fidelity information services firrea: financial institutions reform, recovery and enforcement act
113     capital one financial corporation (cof)
fitch: fitch ratings fos: financial ombudsman service freddie mac: federal home loan mortgage corporation fvc: fair value committee gbp: great british pound gdp: gross domestic product gdpr: general data protection regulation ginnie mae: government national mortgage association gse or agency: government-sponsored enterprise helocs: home equity lines of credit hfi: held for investment hfs: healthcare financial services lcr: liquidity coverage ratio libor: london interbank offered rate mmda: money market deposit accounts moody's: moody's investors service msr: mortgage servicing rights now: negotiable order of withdrawal nsfr: net stable funding ratio nyse: new york stock exchange occ: office of the comptroller of the currency otc: over-the-counter pca: prompt corrective action pci: purchased credit-impaired pccr: purchased credit card relationship ppi: payment protection insurance pra: prudential regulatory authority psa: performance share award psu: performance share unit reo: real estate owned rmbs: residential mortgage-backed securities rsa: restricted stock award rsu: restricted stock unit s&p: standard & poor's sec: u.s. securities and exchange commission sef: swap execution facility tarp: troubled asset relief program tce: tangible common equity tdr: troubled debt restructuring tila: truth in lending act tsys: total systems services, inc.
u.k.: united kingdom u.s.: united states of america vac: valuations advisory committee
114     capital one financial corporation (cof)