item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating us. our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. the trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. this annual report on form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows the risks below.
current economic and regulatory environment economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a provider of consumer financial services, our business, results of operations and financial condition are subject to the united states and global economic environment. while the economy appears to be strong, we are experiencing the normalization of delinquency and charge-off rates as we exit a period of historic lows in these rates and enter a period where the market is moving toward historic trends as the supply of consumer credit grows. a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted by not only economic conditions but also a customer's other payment obligations.
economic conditions also can reduce the usage of credit cards in general and the average purchase amount of transactions industry-wide, including our cards, which reduces interest income and transaction fees. we rely heavily on interest income from our credit card business to generate earnings. our interest income from credit card loans was $7.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, which was 80% of net revenues (defined as net interest income plus other income), compared to $7.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was 79% of net revenues. economic conditions combined with a competitive marketplace could result in slow loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue from our core direct banking business.
financial regulatory developments have and will continue to significantly impact the environment for the financial services industry, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the dodd-frank act contains comprehensive provisions governing the practices and oversight of financial institutions and other participants in the financial markets. the dodd-frank act regulates financial firms, including discover, through a variety of measures, including increased capital and liquidity requirements, limits on leverage and enhanced supervisory authority. federal banking regulators have issued and may continue to propose new regulations and supervisory guidance under the dodd-frank act and otherwise, and have increased their examination and enforcement activities in prior years. regulators may continue addressing concerns through public enforcement actions against financial institutions or non-public supervisory actions or findings.
while the president, the current congressional majorities in the u.s. senate and house of representatives and regulatory agency leadership support reducing the regulatory burden on large financial institutions, including discover, the prospects for significant modifications remain uncertain. additionally, it is possible that regulatory reform measures may disproportionately benefit our competitors or not benefit discover at all because of our size, structure, or product offerings, among other things.
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors including the supervisory priorities and actions of the federal reserve, the fdic and the cfpb, the actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. regulatory developments, findings and ratings have and could continue to negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit, exit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for example, the federal reserve and the fdic enforcement actions related to our anti-money laundering program have caused us to change our processes and incur significant expenses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." see also note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent
compliance expectations and expenditures have increased significantly for discover and other financial services firms, and could continue to increase as regulators remain focused on controls and operational processes and we introduce new products or features or enter into new business arrangements. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. the additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing or additional regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment and developments potentially impacting discover, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments."
strategic business risk we face competition in the credit card market from other consumer financial services providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
the consumer financial services business is highly competitive. we compete with other consumer financial services providers, including non-traditional providers such as financial technology firms, on the basis of a number of factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, e-wallet participation and other terms. competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs. many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours, and, in some cases, could be viewed as more attractive to customers than our programs. these competitive factors affect our ability to attract and retain customers, increase usage of our products and maximize the revenue generated by our products. in addition, because most domestically-issued credit cards, other than those issued by american express, are issued on the visa and mastercard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and marketing and pricing power of visa and mastercard. the competitive marketplace could result in slower loan growth, resulting in reduced revenue from our core direct banking business. if we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors' actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we incur considerable cost in competing with other consumer financial services providers, and many of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage and negatively affect our financial results.
we incur considerable cost in competing with other consumer financial services providers to attract and retain customers and increase usage of our products. a substantial portion of this cost relates to marketing expenditures and rewards programs. since 2013 our rewards rate, which represents rewards cost divided by discover card sales volume, has increased from less than 1% to 1.24% in 2017. we expect the competitive intensity in the rewards space to continue, which could result in a continued increase in the rewards rate. our consumer financial services products compete primarily on the basis of pricing, terms and service. because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card-issuing business, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer rewards programs, low introductory interest rates, attractive standard purchase rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card.
competition is intense in the credit card industry, and customers may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card. we expect to continue to invest in initiatives to remain competitive in the consumer financial services industry, including the launch of new cards and features, brand awareness initiatives, targeted marketing, online and mobile enhancements, e-wallet participation, customer service improvements, credit risk management and operations enhancements, and infrastructure efficiencies. there can be no assurance that any of the cost we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase usage of our products will be effective. in addition, to the extent that we offer new products, features or services to remain competitive, we may be subject to increased operational or other risks.
furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do, have more breadth in consumer banking products, and/or have lower funding and operating costs than we have and expect to have, and have assets such as branch locations and co-brand relationships, that may be appealing to certain customers. for example, larger credit card issuers, which have greater resources than we do, may be better positioned to fund appealing rewards, marketing and advertising programs. we may be at a competitive disadvantage as a result of the greater financial resources, diversification and scale of many of our competitors.
our cost directly affects our earnings results. many factors can influence the amount of our cost, as well as how quickly it may increase. our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, increase our cost. in addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional cost can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the acquisition of new businesses. if we are unable to successfully manage our cost, our financial results will be negatively affected.
we face competition from other operators of payment networks and alternative payment providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings from our payment services business.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry, both from traditional players and new, emerging alternative payment providers. for example, we compete with other payment networks to attract network partners to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the discover, pulse and diners club networks. competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer fees, fees paid to networks (including switch fees), merchant acceptance, network functionality and other economic terms. competition is also based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. further, we are facing increased competition from alternative payment providers, who may create innovative network or other arrangements with our primary competitors or other industry participants, which could adversely impact our costs, transaction volume and ability to grow our business.
many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources or scale than we do. these competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. visa and mastercard each enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we do. although we have made progress in merchant acceptance, we have not achieved global market parity with visa and mastercard. in addition, visa and mastercard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing cards on the discover network or issuing debit cards on the pulse network. some of these arrangements are exclusive, or nearly exclusive, which further limits our ability to conduct material amounts of business with these institutions. if we are unable to remain competitive on issuer fees and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to network partners while maintaining sufficient net revenues.
we also face competition as merchants put pressure on transaction fees. increasing merchant fees or acquirer fees could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. this, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract network partners and our ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. in addition, competitors' settlements with merchants and related actions, including pricing pressures and/or surcharging, could negatively impact our business practices. in response to the dodd-frank act, competitor actions related to the structure of merchant and acquirer fees and merchant and acquirer transaction routing strategies have adversely affected and are expected to continue to adversely affect our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth, and entry into new product markets. visa has entered into arrangements with some merchants and acquirers that has, and is expected to continue to have, the effect of discouraging those merchants and acquirers from routing debit transactions to pulse. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements and competitor actions negatively impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue. pulse filed a lawsuit against visa in late 2014 with respect to these competitive concerns, which will significantly impact expenses for the payment services segment. pulse's transaction processing revenue was $167 million and $155 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
american express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image. internationally, american express competes in the same market segments as diners club. we may face challenges in increasing international acceptance on our networks, particularly if third parties that we rely on to issue diners club cards, increase card acceptance and market our brands do not perform to our expectations.
in addition, if we are unable to maintain sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to retain and attract network partners and maintain or increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card-issuing business or our pulse business may be materially adversely affected. additionally, competitors may develop data security solutions which, as a consequence of the competitors' market power, we may be forced to use. in which case, our business may be adversely affected as they may be better positioned to absorb the development costs over higher volumes or a larger customer base.
our business depends upon relationships with issuers, merchant acquirers and licensees, which are generally financial institutions. the economic and regulatory environment and increased consolidation in the financial services industry decrease our opportunities for new business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. in addition, as a result of this environment, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our payment services business. we continue to face substantial and intense competition in the payments industry, which impacts our revenue margins, transaction volume and business strategies.
our international network business depends upon the cooperation, support and continuous operation of the network licensees that issue diners club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network. as is the case for other card payment networks, our diners club network does not issue cards or determine the terms and conditions of cards issued by the network licensees. if we are unable to continue our relationships with network licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected due to the potential deterioration in customer relationships and related demand that could result. if one or more licensees were to experience a significant impairment of their business or were to cease doing business for economic, regulatory or other reasons, we would face the adverse effects of business interruption in a particular market, including loss of volume, acceptance and revenue, and exposure to potential reputational risk. if similar conditions arise in the future, we may deploy resources and incur expenses in order to sustain network acceptance. such conditions previously resulted in our acquisition of diners club italy (which we have since sold) and financial assistance to our slovenian licensee. additionally, interruption of network licensee relationships could have an adverse effect on the acceptance of discover cards when they are used on the diners club network outside of north america.
also, as we have non-amortizable intangible assets that resulted from the purchase of diners club, if we are unable to maintain or increase revenues due to the reasons described above, we may be exposed to an impairment loss on the diners club acquisition that, when recognized, could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. the long-term success of our international network business depends upon achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which has included and may continue to include higher overall costs or longer timeframes than anticipated.
the success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the risks of our student loan portfolio and the student lending environment. if we fail to do so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our student loan portfolio.
our private student loan portfolio has grown from $1.0 billion at november 30, 2010 to $9.2 billion at december 31, 2017. the long-term success of our student loan strategy depends upon our ability to manage the credit
risk, pricing, funding, operations and expenses of our student loan portfolio, as well as grow student loan originations. our student loan strategy is also impacted by external factors such as the overall economic environment, a competitive marketplace and a challenging regulatory environment for private student loans and student loans generally. for more information on the regulatory environment, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments - consumer financial services" and note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements. economic weakness, government and regulatory focus on higher education costs, student lending and student loan servicing, as well as competitive factors, such as the need to offer fixed interest rates and competition from non-traditional lenders such as financial technology firms, may present challenges to managing and growing our private student loan business in the future, and could cause us to restructure our private student loan products in ways that we may not currently anticipate. in addition, changes that adversely affect the private student loan market generally may negatively impact the profitability and growth of our student loan portfolio.
acquisitions or strategic investments that we pursue may not be successful and could disrupt our business, harm our financial condition or reduce our earnings.
we may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of, or material investments in, businesses, products, portfolios of loans or technologies in the future. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment candidates, or even if we do identify suitable candidates, they may be difficult to finance, expensive to fund and there is no guarantee that we can obtain any necessary regulatory approvals or complete the transactions on terms that are favorable to us. we generally must receive federal regulatory approvals before we can acquire a bank, bank holding company, deposits or certain assets or businesses. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments."
to the extent we pay the purchase price of any strategic acquisition of or investment in cash, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition; similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it may be dilutive to our stockholders. in addition, we may assume liabilities associated with a business acquisition or investment, including unrecorded liabilities that are not discovered at the time of the transaction, and the repayment or settlement of those liabilities may have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the personnel, operations, businesses, products, or technologies of an acquisition or investment. integration may be particularly challenging if we enter into a line of business in which we have limited experience and the business operates in a difficult legal, regulatory or competitive environment. we may find that we do not have adequate operations or expertise to manage the new business. the integration of any acquisition or investment may divert management's time and resources from our core business, which could impair our relationships with our current employees, customers and strategic partners and disrupt our operations. acquisition and investments also may not perform to our expectations for various reasons, including the loss of key personnel, customers or vendors. if we fail to integrate acquisitions or investments or realize the expected benefits, we may lose the return on these acquisitions or investments or incur additional transaction costs, and our business, reputation and financial condition may be harmed as a result.
credit, market and liquidity risk our business depends on our ability to manage our credit risk, and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition.
we seek to grow our loan receivables while maintaining quality credit performance. our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new customers with profitable usage patterns. we select our customers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging customers to use their available credit. the models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. while we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or we may incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies.
our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, $987 million, or 1.17%, and $813 million, or 1.05%, of our loan receivables were non-performing (defined as loans over 90 days delinquent and
accruing interest plus loans not accruing interest). while the economy appears to be strong, we are experiencing the normalization of delinquency and charge-off rates as we exit a period of historic lows in these rates and enter a period where the market is moving toward historic trends as the supply of consumer credit grows. there can be no assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels, or that our allowance for loan losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses.
a customer's ability and willingness to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. our collection operations may not compete effectively to secure more of customers' diminished cash flow than our competitors. in addition, we may fail to quickly identify customers who are likely to default on their payment obligations and reduce our exposure by closing credit lines and restricting authorizations, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections, bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors' actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques and models.
we continue to expand our marketing of our non-credit card consumer lending products. a customer's ability and willingness to repay personal loans, private student loans and home equity loans may be more significantly impacted than other consumer loans by other debts or increases in their payment obligations to other lenders and by restricted availability of credit to consumers generally. there can be no assurance that we will be able to grow these products in accordance with our strategies, manage our credit and other risks associated with these products, or generate sufficient revenue to cover our expenses in these markets. our failure to manage our credit and other risks may materially adversely affect our profitability and our ability to grow these products, limiting our ability to further diversify our business.
adverse market conditions or an inability to effectively manage our liquidity risk could negatively impact our ability to meet our liquidity and funding needs, which could materially adversely impact our business operations and overall financial condition.
we must effectively manage the liquidity risk to which we are exposed. we require liquidity in order to meet cash requirements such as day-to-day operating expenses, extensions of credit on our consumer loans and required payments of principal and interest on our borrowings. our primary sources of liquidity and funding are payments on our loan receivables, deposits, and proceeds from securitization transactions and securities offerings. we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility, or we may be too illiquid, which could result in financial distress during a liquidity stress event. our liquidity portfolio had a balance of approximately $13.6 billion as of december 31, 2017, compared to $12.6 billion as of december 31, 2016. our total contingent liquidity sources amounted to $48.7 billion as of december 31, 2017, compared to $42.8 billion as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2017, our total contingent liquidity sources consisted of $13.6 billion in our liquidity portfolio, $29.2 billion in incremental federal reserve discount window capacity, and $6.0 billion of undrawn capacity in private securitizations.
in the event that our current sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we would be required to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry, new regulatory restrictions and requirements, and our credit ratings. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital, credit or deposit markets, such as the volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during the financial crisis of 2007, may limit our ability to repay or replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner. as such, we may be forced to delay raising funding or be forced to issue or raise funding at undesirable terms and/or costs, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. regulations such as the liquidity coverage ratio, which requires firms to hold a minimum level of high-quality assets, may increase the cost of funding and impact funding availability and are described more fully in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." further, in disorderly financial markets or for other reasons, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.
there can be no assurance that significant disruption and volatility in the financial markets will not occur in the future. likewise, adverse developments with respect to financial institutions and other third parties with whom we maintain important financial relationships could negatively impact our funding and liquidity. if we are unable to continue to fund our assets through deposits or access capital markets on favorable terms, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, our liquidity, operating results, financial results and condition may be materially adversely affected.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
we obtain deposits from consumers either directly or through affinity relationships and through third-party securities brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers. we had $39.4 billion in deposits acquired directly or through affinity relationships and $19.4 billion in deposits originated through securities brokerage firms as of december 31, 2017, compared to $36.0 billion and $16.0 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2016. competition from other financial services firms that use deposit funding, the rates and services we offer on our deposit products, and our ability to maintain a high level of customer experience may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability (through funding costs) and our liquidity (through volumes raised). in addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by factors, including factors beyond our control, such as: perceptions about our financial strength or quality of deposit servicing or online banking generally, which could reduce the number of consumers choosing to place deposits with us; third parties continuing or entering into affinity relationships with us; disruptions in technology services or the internet, generally; or third-party securities brokerage firms continuing to offer our deposit products.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiaries. the fdia in certain circumstances prohibits insured banks, such as our subsidiary discover bank, from accepting brokered deposits (as defined in the fdia) and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see "business - supervision and regulation" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements for more information. while discover bank met the fdic's definition of "well-capitalized" as of december 31, 2017, and has no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance that it will continue to meet this definition. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be "well-capitalized" at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits.
if we are unable to securitize our receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
we use the securitization of credit card receivables, which involves the transfer of receivables to a trust and the issuance by the trust of beneficial interests to third-party investors, as a significant source of funding as well as for contingent liquidity. our average level of credit card securitized borrowings from third parties was $16.1 billion and $15.8 billion for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. there can be no assurance that there will not be future disruptions in the credit card securitization market similar to those experienced during the financial crisis. our ability to raise funding through the securitization market also depends, in part, on the credit ratings of the securities we issue from our securitization trusts. if we are not able to satisfy rating agency requirements to maintain the ratings of asset-backed securities issued by our trusts, it could limit our ability to access the securitization markets. additional factors affecting the extent to which we may securitize our credit card receivables in the future include the overall credit quality of our receivables, the costs of securitizing our receivables, the demand for credit card asset-backed securities, and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax requirements governing securitization transactions and asset-backed securities, generally. for example, the implementation of the basel committee on banking supervision's revised securitization framework for banks by the member countries by the beginning of 2019 could negatively impact the pricing and/or volume of our asset-backed securities issuances. a prolonged inability to securitize our credit card receivables, or an increase in the costs of such issuances, may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds and overall financial condition.
the occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions or an inability to delay the accumulation of principal collections in our credit card securitization trusts would materially adversely affect our liquidity.
our liquidity would be materially adversely affected by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing credit card securitization transactions. our credit card securitizations are structured as "revolving transactions" that do not distribute to securitization investors their share of monthly principal payments received on the underlying receivables during the revolving period, and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of new receivables. the occurrence of an "early amortization event" may result in termination of the revolving periods of our securitization transactions, which would require us to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings out of principal collections without regard to the original payment schedule. early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements (i.e. excess spread less than zero) and certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the
agreements relating to the securitization. for more information on excess spread, see note 5: credit card and student loan securitization activities to our consolidated financial statements. an early amortization event would negatively impact our liquidity, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. an early amortization event also could impact our ability to access the undrawn conduit facilities that we maintain for contingent liquidity purposes.
our credit card securitization structure includes a requirement that we accumulate principal collections into a restricted account in the amount of scheduled maturities on a pro rata basis over the 12 months prior to a security's maturity date. we have the option under our credit card securitization documents to shorten this accumulation period, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. historically, we have exercised this option to shorten the accumulation period to one month prior to maturity. if we were to determine that the payment rate on the underlying receivables would not support a one-month accumulation period, we would need to begin accumulating principal cash flows earlier than we have historically. a lengthening of the accumulation period would negatively impact our liquidity, requiring management to implement mitigating measures. during periods of significant maturity levels, absent management actions, the lengthening of the accumulation period could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of our securities could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we, along with discover bank, are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies, and their ratings for our long-term debt and other securities, including asset-backed securities issued by our securitization trusts, are based on a number of factors that may change from time to time, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. factors that affect our unsecured credit ratings include, but are not limited to, the macroeconomic environment in which we operate and the credit ratings of the u.s. government, the credit quality and performance of our assets, the amount and quality of our capital, the level and stability of our earnings, and the structure and amount of our liquidity. in addition to these factors, the ratings of our asset-backed securities are also based on the quality of the underlying receivables and the credit enhancement structure of the trusts. downgrades in our ratings or those of discover bank or our trusts could materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding, and overall financial condition. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn.
we may not be successful in managing the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio and investment performance may deteriorate due to market fluctuations, which would adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we must effectively manage the risks of the investments in our liquidity investment portfolio, which is comprised of cash and cash equivalents and high-quality liquid investments. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, prepayment rates, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value of the underlying collateral. in addition, economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors, counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own or default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. these risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could negatively impact our financial condition. these risks could also restrict our access to funding. while the securities in our investment portfolio are currently limited to obligations of high-quality sovereign and government-sponsored issuers, we may choose to expand the range our investments over time, which may result in greater fluctuations in market value. while we expect these investments to be readily convertible into cash and do not believe they present a material increase to our risk profile or will have a material impact on our risk-based capital ratios, they are subject to certain market fluctuations that may reduce the ability to fully convert them into cash.
changes in interest rates cause our net interest income to increase or decrease, as certain of our assets and liabilities carry interest rates that fluctuate with market benchmarks. external factors may cause interest rates to increase. tighter federal reserve monetary policy and rising interest rates would increase the cost of borrowing for consumers, businesses and governments. higher interest rates could negatively impact discover's customers as total debt service payments would increase, impede discover's ability to grow its consumer lending businesses, and increase the cost of our funding, which would put discover at a disadvantage as compared to competitors that have less expensive funding sources.
some of our consumer loan receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest, and we are not able to increase the rate on those loans to offset any higher cost of funds, which could materially reduce earnings. at the same time, our variable rate loan receivables, which are based on the prime rate, may not change at the same rate as our floating-rate borrowings or may be subject to a cap, subjecting us to basis risk. the majority of our floating-rate borrowings and interest rate derivatives are generally based on the one-month libor rate. if the one-month libor rate were to increase without a corresponding increase in the prime rate, our earnings would be negatively impacted. additionally, on july 27, 2017 the uk financial conduct authority announced that it would no longer encourage or compel banks to continue to contribute quotes and maintain libor after 2021. potential replacements for libor appear to be emerging; however, the transition process is still in its infancy and the outcome is still uncertain. while the majority of our existing certificates of deposit bear interest at fixed rates that do not fluctuate with market benchmarks, we have used derivative instruments to hedge the fixed rates associated with some of these certificates of deposit. however, the costs of new deposits fluctuate with interest rates. moreover, although certificates of deposit we issue directly to consumers are subject to early withdrawal penalties, these penalties may not fully mitigate early withdrawal behavior in a rising interest rate environment.
interest rates may also adversely impact our delinquency and charge-off rates. many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and libor. as a result, higher interest rates often lead to higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our loan loss provision, which could materially adversely affect our earnings.
we continually monitor interest rates and have a number of tools, including the composition of our investments, liability terms and interest rate derivatives, to manage our interest rate risk exposure. changes in market assumptions regarding future interest rates could significantly impact our interest rate risk strategy, our financial position and results of operations. if our interest rate risk management strategies are not appropriately monitored or executed, these activities may not effectively mitigate our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired impact on our results of operations or financial condition. for information related to interest rate risk sensitivities, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock.
in the year ended december 31, 2017, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.35 per share and repurchased approximately 8% of our outstanding common stock under our share repurchase program. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon the federal reserve's non-objection to our annual capital plan, and our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory review and other factors as further described in "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases." holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding, and if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of our preferred stock in any dividend period, no dividend may be declared or paid on or set aside for payment on our common stock. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our payment of dividends on or our repurchase of our stock at any time. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends on or repurchase our stock in the future.
discover financial services, our parent holding company, depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries, particularly discover bank, to fund dividend payments, share repurchases, payments on its obligations, including debt obligations, and to provide funding and capital as needed to its operating subsidiaries. banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit or prohibit our transfer of funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries, at any time. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations or otherwise achieve strategic objectives. for more information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
operational and other risk our risk management framework and models for managing risks may not be effective in mitigating our risk of loss.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, manage, monitor and report the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk. we seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through a framework of policies, procedures, limits and reporting requirements.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. we use a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers, and for the measurement of risk including credit, market and operational risks and for our finance and treasury functions. models used by discover can vary in their complexity and are designed to identify, measure and mitigate risks at various levels such as loan-level, portfolio segments, entire portfolios and products. these models use a set of computational rules to generate numerical estimates of uncertain values to be used for assessment of price, financial forecasts, and estimates of credit, interest rate, market and operational risk. all models carry some level of uncertainty that introduces risks in the estimates.
if the models that we use to mitigate risks are inadequate, we may incur increased losses. in addition, there may be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. if our risk management framework and models do not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
if our security systems, or those of third parties, containing information about us, our customers or third parties with which we do business, are compromised, our business could be disrupted and we may be subject to significant financial exposure, liability and damage to our reputation.
our direct banking and network operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information about us, our customers and third parties with which we do business. information security risks for financial institutions have increased and continue to increase in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet, mobile and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers, terrorist organizations, nation state actors and other external parties. those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems (including third parties) to disclose confidential or sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers.
our technologies, systems, networks and software, those of other financial institutions and other firms that handle or maintain confidential or sensitive information (including customer information), have been, and are likely to continue to be, the target of increasingly frequent cyber-attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, phishing and social engineering, other remote access attacks, and physical attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of data (including confidential customer information), account takeovers, identity theft and fraud, unavailability of service or other events. these types of threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of external or internal parties, or may result from technological failure or otherwise.
despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems through our information security and business continuity programs, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all known and unknown security threats or breaches or events of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and are becoming increasingly more sophisticated or are not recognized until launched or vulnerabilities in software or hardware are unknown or are unable to be entirely addressed even after becoming known, and because:
   security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources and geographic locations and may be undetected for a period of time.
   we rely on many third-party service providers and network participants, including merchants, and, as such, a security breach or cyber-attack affecting one of these third parties could impact us. for example, the financial services industry continues to see attacks against the environments where personal and identifiable information is handled. for additional information see the risk factor "- we rely on third parties to deliver services. if we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected."
   to access our products and services, our customers may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems.
we are subject to increasingly more risk related to security systems as we increase acceptance of the discover card internationally, expand our suite of online direct banking products, enhance our mobile payment technologies, acquire new or outsource some of our business operations, expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications, and otherwise attempt to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the financial services industry. our efforts to mitigate this risk increase our expenses. while we continue to invest in our information security defenses (including cybersecurity defenses), if our security systems or those of third parties are penetrated or circumvented such that the confidentiality, integrity or availability of information about us, our customers, transactions processed on our networks or third parties with which we do business is compromised, we could be subject to significant liability that may not be covered by insurance, including significant legal and financial exposure, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could materially adversely affect our business. for additional information on risks in this area, see the risk factors below regarding fraudulent activity, the introduction of new products and services, the use of third parties for outsourcing, technology generally, and laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security.
if we cannot remain organizationally effective, we will be unable to address the opportunities and challenges presented by our strategy and the increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment.
to remain organizationally effective, we must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. in order to execute on our objective to be the leading direct bank and payments partner, we must develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses. examples include the implementation of a broader rollout of our checking product and a structure for a more competitive global network business. if we fail to develop and implement these solutions, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, if we are unable to make decisions quickly, assess our opportunities and risks, execute our strategy, and implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes as needed in this increasingly dynamic and competitive economic and regulatory environment, our financial condition, results of operations, relationships with our business partners, banking regulators, customers and shareholders, and ultimately our prospects for achieving our long-term strategies, may be negatively impacted.
a key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of the discover card by our customers, including making it their primary card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. however, our customers' use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and economic factors, and customers may decide to use debit cards or other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. we face challenges from competing card products in our attempts to increase credit card usage by our existing customers. our ability to increase card usage also is dependent on customer satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors' actions and legislative/regulatory changes. existing legal and regulatory restrictions limit pricing changes that may impact an account throughout its lifecycle, which may reduce our capability to offer lower price promotions to drive account usage and customer engagement. as part of our strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept cards issued on the discover network. if we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance or fail to improve awareness of existing merchant acceptance of our cards, our ability to grow usage of discover cards may be hampered. as a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue.
our transaction volume is concentrated among large merchants, and a reduction in the number of large merchants that accept cards on the discover network or pulse network or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
discover card transaction volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2017, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 6% of that transaction volume. transaction volume on the pulse network was also concentrated among the top 100 merchants in 2017, with our largest merchant accounting for approximately 18% of pulse transaction volume. these merchants could seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives by
conditioning their continued participation in the discover network and/or pulse network on a change in the terms of their economic participation. loss of acceptance at our largest merchants would decrease transaction volume, negatively impact our brand, and could cause customer attrition. in addition, some of our merchants, primarily our remaining small- and mid-size merchants, are not contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the discover network at any time on short notice.
actual or perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the discover network or debit cards issued on the pulse network could adversely affect the use of discover cards by existing customers and the attractiveness of the discover card to prospective customers. also, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining network partners if we are unable to add or retain acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the discover or pulse networks. as a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of our merchants or the rates they pay could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks.
merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card-issuing and payment processing businesses. merchants are concerned with the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks. they seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition of continued participation in the discover network and pulse network. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including issuer fees, violate federal antitrust laws. there can be no assurance that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against other credit card and debit card issuers and networks, including us. merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. merchant groups have also promoted federal and state legislation that would restrict issuer practices or enhance the ability of merchants, individually or collectively, to negotiate more favorable fees. the heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card and debit card networks, together with the dodd-frank act and recent industry litigation, which would allow merchants to encourage customers to use other payment methods or cards and may increase merchant surcharging, could lead to reduced transactions on, or merchant acceptance of, discover network or pulse network cards or reduced fees, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
political, economic or other instability in a country or geographic region, or other unforeseen or catastrophic events, could adversely affect our international business activities and reduce our revenue.
natural disasters or other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. our diners club network, concentrated primarily on serving the global travel industry, could be adversely affected by international conditions that may result in a decline in consumer or business travel activity. armed conflict, public health emergencies, natural disasters, political instability or terrorism may have a significant negative effect on travel activity and related revenue. although a regionalized event or condition may primarily affect one of our network participants, it may also affect our overall network and card activity and our resulting revenue. overall network and card transaction activity may decline as a result of concerns about safety or disease or may be limited because of economic conditions that result in spending on travel to decline. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brands to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected.
we are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, customers and other third parties handling customer information. the risk of fraud continues to increase for the financial services industry in general. we incurred fraud losses and other charges of $89 million and $98 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. our resources, customer authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict or prevent fraud. additionally, our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, acceptance of the discover card grows internationally and we expand our direct banking business and introduce new products and features. our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. high-profile fraudulent activity could negatively impact our brand and
reputation. in addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our deposit accounts, cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. further, fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our diners club licensees.
technological changes continue to significantly impact the financial services and payment services industries, such as continuing development of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices, electronic wallets, mobile commerce, data analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, among others. for example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, marketing efforts, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. the increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to bring risks and opportunities in 2018 to both our card-issuing and payments businesses.
the effect of technological changes on our business is unpredictable. we depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. we expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to discover both as a card issuer and to the payments business. as a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our customers, merchants and financial institution customers.
difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. the occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services, and developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. in addition, the new products and services offered may not be attractive to consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. also, success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. if we are unable to successfully introduce and maintain new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business and earnings.
we rely on third parties to deliver services. if we face difficulties managing our relationships with third-party service providers, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we depend on third-party service providers for many aspects of the operation of our business. for example, we depend on third parties for software and systems development, the timely transmission of information across our data transportation network, and for other telecommunications, processing, remittance, technology-related and other services in connection with our direct banking and payment services businesses. if a service provider fails to provide the services that we require or expect, or fails to meet contractual requirements, such as service levels, security requirements or compliance with applicable laws, the failure could negatively impact our business by adversely affecting our ability to process customers' transactions in a timely and accurate manner, otherwise hampering our ability to serve our customers, or subjecting us to litigation and regulatory risk for poor vendor oversight. such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and services, and the quality of our brands, and could have a materially adverse affect on our reputation, revenues and/or our results of operations.
we rely on technology to deliver services. if key technology platforms become obsolete, or if we experience disruptions, including difficulties in our ability to process transactions, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. the implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems may result in compliance issues and may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business, including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on us. in addition, our transaction processing systems and other operational systems may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software failure,
natural disaster or other reasons. such services could be disrupted at any of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. third parties to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of certain technological functionality may experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. in addition, there is no assurance that we will be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. a failure to maintain current technology, systems and facilities or to control third-party risk, could cause disruptions in the operation of our business, which could materially adversely affect our transaction volumes, revenues, reputation and/or our results of operations.
merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
as an issuer and merchant acquirer in the united states on the discover network, and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the diners club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between customers and merchants. if a dispute is resolved in the customer's favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the amount to be issued to the customer and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. if we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded to the customer. where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 losses related to merchant chargebacks were not material.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key employees. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate key officers and employees to manage our business. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel or it may be expensive to do so. we may be subject to restrictions under future legislation or regulation limiting executive compensation. for example, the federal banking agencies have previously issued proposed rulemaking on incentive compensation practices for certain employees at banking organizations, including executives, and may issue additional rules relating to such activities in the future. these requirements could negatively impact our ability to compete with other companies in attracting, hiring and retaining key personnel and offer incentives that motivate our key personnel to perform and may require us to extensively restructure certain of our existing incentive compensation practices. if we are unable to recruit, retain and motivate key personnel to manage our business well, our business could be materially adversely affected.
in recent years, financial services companies have experienced increased reputational risk as consumers protest and regulators scrutinize business and compliance practices of such companies. maintaining a positive reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers, investors and employees. damage to our reputation can therefore cause significant harm to our business and prospects. harm to our reputation can arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, a breach of our or our service providers' cybersecurity defenses, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, and the activities of customers, business partners and counterparties. social media also can cause harm to our reputation. by its very nature, social media can reach a wide audience in a very short amount of time, which presents unique corporate communications challenges. negative or 'wrong' type of publicity generated through unexpected social media coverage can damage discover's reputation and brand. negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may result in customer attrition and other harm to our business prospects.
the discover, pulse and diners club brands have substantial economic and goodwill value. our success is dependent on our ability to promote and protect these brands and our other intellectual property. our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perception of our company and brands. our brands are licensed for use to business partners and network participants, some of whom have contractual obligations to promote
and develop our brands. for example, the discover card brand is now being issued by certain diners club licensees in their local markets. if our business partners do not adhere to contractual standards, engage in improper business practices, or otherwise misappropriate, use or diminish the value of our brands or our other intellectual property, we may suffer reputational and financial damage. if we will not be able to adequately protect our brands, our proprietary information and other intellectual property, our business success may be adversely affected. in addition, third parties may allege that our marketing, processes or systems may infringe their intellectual property rights. given the potential risks and uncertainties of such claims, our business could be adversely affected by having to pay significant monetary damages, technology development expenses or licensing fees, and we may have to alter our business practices or be prevented from competing effectively.
laws, regulations, and supervisory guidance and practices, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we must comply with an array of banking, consumer lending and payment services laws and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate as described more fully in "business - supervision and regulation" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments." regulatory developments, findings and ratings could negatively impact our business strategies or require us to: limit or change our business practices, restructure our products in ways that we may not currently anticipate, limit our product offerings, invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts, limit the fees we can charge for services, or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities and obtain related required regulatory approvals. for additional information regarding bank regulatory limitations on acquisitions and investments, see "business - supervision and regulation - acquisitions and investments." see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on recent matters affecting discover and the second risk factor in this section regarding the regulatory environment for the businesses in which we engage.
in addition, we are subject to inquiries and enforcement actions from state attorney general offices and regulation by the federal trade commission, state banking regulators and the u.s. department of justice, as well as the sec and new york stock exchange in our capacity as a public company. we also are subject to the requirements of entities that set and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, the sec, banking regulators and our independent registered public accounting firm) who may add new requirements or change their interpretations on how standards should be applied. a specific example of this is the proposed accounting standards update related to estimation of loan loss reserves. in june 2016, the fasb issued new guidance that will require lenders to adopt the current expected credit loss ("cecl") approach to evaluate impairment of loans and financial instruments. the cecl approach requires evaluation of credit impairment based on an estimate of life of loan losses whereas rules currently in effect require utilization of incurred losses. the company is required to put the cecl standard in place for the 2020 fiscal year. see note 1: background and basis of presentation - recently issued accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements for more information on the new standard and its potential impact on our financial condition and results of operations. this and other guidance not yet issued could potentially materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations, and could have an impact on regulatory capital.
failure to comply with laws, regulations and standards could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including receivership, litigation exposure and fines (as described further below). failure to comply with anti-corruption and other laws can expose us and/or individual employees to potentially severe criminal and civil penalties. specifically, we are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws, that prohibit the making or offering of improper payments.
legislative, regulatory and tax code changes could impact the profitability of our business activities, alter consumer behavior in ways we did not anticipate, require us to limit or change our business practices or our product offerings, or expose us to additional costs (including increased compliance costs). for example, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") signed into law on december 22, 2017 contains broad and sweeping changes to the u.s. tax code that may affect our business activities and our results of operations in ways we may not currently anticipate. certain variables, including potential technical corrections and anticipated activity undertaken by the internal revenue service to issue administrative guidance on the implementation of the tcja could affect our business, how we compensate employees, and incentives we offer our customers in the future. additionally, the elimination of net operating loss carrybacks in the tcja could have a negative impact on regulatory capital calculations in times of extreme economic stress. significant changes in laws and regulations may have a more adverse effect on our results of operations than on the results of our competitors.
current and proposed laws and regulations addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs.
legal or regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. we are subject to a number of laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security. due to recent consumer data compromise events in the united states, which resulted in unauthorized access to millions of customers' data, these areas continue to be a focus of the executive administration, congress, state legislators and attorneys general and other regulators. developments in this area, such as new laws, regulations, regulatory guidance, litigation or enforcement actions, could result in new or different requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. see the discussion on recent security developments in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - regulatory environment and developments" for more information. in addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information or the failure to provide timely notification of a disclosure, could result in litigation, fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses.
businesses in the consumer banking and payment services industries have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits and commercial, shareholder and patent litigation. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory, statutory or punitive damages. we have historically offered customers an arbitration clause in agreements to quickly and economically resolve disputes. the arbitration clause has, in some cases, also limited our exposure to consumer class action litigation, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to offer arbitration clauses in the future or that we will be successful in enforcing the arbitration clause. legal challenges to the enforceability of these clauses have led most card issuers, and may cause us, to discontinue their use. there have previously been bills pending in congress to directly or indirectly prohibit the use of pre-dispute arbitration clauses in some or all consumer banking products. further, from time to time, we are involved in legal actions challenging the use of our arbitration clause. in addition, we have been and may again be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory and enforcement agencies, which could harm our reputation, require us to change our business activities and product offerings, or subject us to significant fines, penalties, customer restitution or other requirements, resulting in increased expenses. for example, complying with our agreements with the federal reserve and the fdic consent order related to our anti-money laundering program have caused us to incur significant expenses. see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements for more information on current matters affecting discover.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k and materials we have filed or will file with the sec (as well as information included in our other written or oral statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. words such as "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates" and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "should," "would" and "could" are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. you should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including those described under "risk factors." the statements are only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
   changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt, and investor sentiment;
   the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation, supervisory guidance, and regulatory and legal actions, including, but not limited to, those related to tax reform, financial regulatory reform, consumer financial services practices, anti-corruption and funding, capital and liquidity;
   the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors;
   our ability to manage our expenses;
   our ability to successfully achieve card acceptance across our networks and maintain relationships with network participants and merchants;
   our ability to sustain and grow our card, private student loan and personal loan products;
   our ability to increase or sustain discover card usage or attract new customers;
   difficulty obtaining regulatory approval for, financing, closing, transitioning, integrating or managing the expenses of acquisitions of or investments in new businesses, products or technologies;
   our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk;
   the availability and cost of funding and capital;
   access to deposit, securitization, equity, debt and credit markets;
   the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;
   limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock;
   limits on our ability to receive payments from our subsidiaries;
   fraudulent activities or material security breaches of our or others' key systems;
   our ability to remain organizationally effective;
   the effect of political, economic and market conditions, geopolitical events and unforeseen or catastrophic events;
   our ability to introduce new products or services;
   our ability to manage our relationships with third-party vendors;
   our ability to maintain current technology and integrate new and acquired systems and technology;
   our ability to collect amounts for disputed transactions from merchants and merchant acquirers;
   our ability to attract and retain employees;
   our ability to protect our reputation and our intellectual property; and
   new lawsuits, investigations or similar matters or unanticipated developments related to current matters.
we routinely evaluate and may pursue acquisitions of or investments in businesses, products, technologies, loan portfolios or deposits, which may involve payment in cash or our debt or equity securities.
the foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in this annual report on form 10-k. these factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. except for any ongoing obligations to disclose material information as required under u.s. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on form 10-k, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis constitutes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k particularly under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements," which immediately follows "risk factors." unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements are to the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 and for years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
introduction and overview discover financial services ("dfs") is a direct banking and payment services company. we provide direct banking products and services and payment services through our subsidiaries. we offer our customers credit card loans, private student loans, personal loans, home equity loans and deposit products. we also operate the discover network, the pulse network ("pulse") and diners club international ("diners club"). the discover network processes transactions for discover-branded credit cards and provides payment transaction processing and settlement services. pulse operates an electronic funds transfer network, providing financial institutions issuing debit cards on the pulse network with access to atms domestically and internationally, as well as point-of-sale ("pos") terminals at retail locations throughout the u.s. for debit card transactions. diners club is a global payments network of licensees, which are generally financial institutions, that issue diners club branded charge cards and/or provide card acceptance services.
our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants and issuers. the primary expenses required to operate our business include funding costs (interest expense), loan loss provisions, customer rewards and expenses incurred to grow, manage and service our loan receivables and networks. our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables and the issuance of unsecured debt.
   credit card loans grew $5.8 billion, or 9.4%, to $67.3 billion and discover card sales volume increased 6.1% from the prior year.
   net charge-off rate for credit card loans increased 57 basis points from the prior year to 2.91% and the credit card delinquency rate for loans over 30 days past due increased 24 basis points to 2.28%.
   net income was $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion, or $5.77 and $5.13, respectively, per diluted share in 2016 and 2015. return on equity was 21% in both 2016 and 2015.
   during 2016, our credit card loans grew $3.6 billion, or 6.3%, to $61.5 billion and discover card sales volume increased 2.5% from 2015.
   net charge-off rate for our credit card loans increased 12 basis points in 2016 from 2015 to 2.34% and the credit card delinquency rate for loans over 30 days past due increased 32 basis points to 2.04%.
outlook we continue to focus on deploying capital through disciplined and profitable organic loan growth as well as through our quarterly dividends and share repurchase program as permitted by bank holding company regulation. new card accounts and wallet share gains with existing customers remain priorities as we invest in marketing and rewards to achieve continued loan growth. we expect a slightly higher rewards rate in 2018 as we leverage enhanced rewards programs to support growth.
the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") will reduce our federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21%. while a few deductions will be lost and some technical corrections and clarifications of the law are anticipated, the overall impact will result in a meaningful reduction to income tax expense. we expect to make additional investments in business growth initiatives, technology, analytical capabilities, our employees and the community, resulting in higher operating expenses year over year.
the total charge-off rate in 2018 is expected to be modestly higher and we expect to continue to add to the loan loss reserve due to seasoning of continued loan growth and increasing consumer leverage. we expect net interest margin to increase slightly in 2018 as a result of the impact of recent and anticipated prime rate increases on our asset-sensitive balance sheet. these increases may be partially offset by higher deposit rates, promotional card balances and interest charge-offs.
in our payments segment, we will continue to pursue new ways to drive volume growth in 2018. we continue to leverage our network to support our card-issuing business and we expect the payments industry to remain competitive.
regulatory environment and developments over the past several years, regulators have proposed and implemented new regulations and supervisory guidance, including under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act"), and increased their examination and enforcement activities. on february 3, 2017, president trump signed an executive order which identified seven principles by which his administration would regulate the u.s. financial system. those principles include making regulation appropriately tailored and efficient. the executive order also directed the treasury secretary to issue reports to identify any laws, regulations, guidance and other government policies, among other things, that are inconsistent with those principles. in june and october 2017, the treasury department issued reports that recommended significant changes to many of the rules and regulations implemented in response to the financial crisis of 2007. while congress, the president, and regulatory agency leadership have expressed support for regulatory reforms that could reduce regulatory burdens through executive action, rulemaking and legislation, the prospect and timing of regulatory reforms remain uncertain. many of the changes proposed in the treasury department's report would require federal banking regulators to revise rules and guidance, however certain agency leadership is not yet appointed or has only recently been appointed and there are numerous vacancies within the agencies that have yet to be filled.
in addition, congress is working on regulatory reform measures, however prospects for reform via legislation are still uncertain. on december 5, 2017, the senate banking committee approved bipartisan legislation that would among other things amend certain provisions of the dodd-frank act to ease certain regulatory requirements for banking organizations under $250 billion in assets, such as discover. this legislation must still be approved by the
senate and the house of representatives before it can be signed into law by the president. the prospects, timing and substance of any final legislation are uncertain at this time.
despite a growing focus on regulatory reform, banking regulators and policymakers at the federal and state levels are increasingly focused on measures to enhance data security and incident response capabilities as a result of the growing cybersecurity threats and the number of incidents involving unauthorized access to consumer information, including the september 2017 disclosure of a large data breach at a national credit reporting agency. regulations at various levels of government have been proposed to address security breach notification and data security standards. for example, several states have recently issued cybersecurity regulations for certain firms operating within their jurisdiction. while it is too early to know their impact, these developments could ultimately result in the imposition of requirements on discover and other card issuers or networks that could increase costs or adversely affect the competitiveness of our credit card or debit card products. in addition, the size and scope of the 2017 national credit reporting agency breach may result in the financial services industry shifting to new means of identifying and authenticating consumers.
the impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon a number of factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, actions of our competitors and other marketplace participants, and the behavior of consumers. for more information on how the regulatory environment, enforcement actions, findings and ratings could also have an impact on our strategies, the value of our assets, or otherwise adversely affect our business see "risk factors - economic and regulatory environment". for more information on recent matters affecting discover, see note 19: litigation and regulatory matters to our consolidated financial statements.
consumer financial services the consumer financial protection bureau (the "cfpb") regulates consumer financial products and services, as well as certain financial services providers, including discover. the cfpb has rulemaking and interpretive authority under the dodd-frank act and other federal consumer financial services laws, as well as broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over designated financial services providers, including discover. the cfpb's regulatory authority includes the exercise of rulemaking, supervision and enforcement powers with respect to "unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices" and consumer access to fair, transparent and competitive financial products and services. historically, the cfpb's policy priorities focused on several financial products of the type we offer (e.g. credit cards and student loans). the interim director of the cfpb has recently revised the cfpb's mission and announced a set of priorities that include reviewing the cfpb's approach to enforcement and rulemaking. it is unclear when a new director will be nominated and confirmed and whether the new director will continue the interim director's priorities. notwithstanding any changes in the cfpb's leadership, the cfpb is required by statute to undertake certain actions. for example, pursuant to the credit card accountability responsibility and disclosure act of 2009, the cfpb recently completed its bi-annual review of the consumer credit card market. the review may result in additional guidance for credit card issuers, regulatory changes or legislative recommendations to congress.
notwithstanding the leadership changes at the cfpb and other federal regulators, there continues to be legislative and regulatory focus on the private student loan market, including by some state legislatures and state attorneys general. recent areas of regulatory attention include servicing, payments and collection practices, and other matters. this regulatory focus has resulted in an increase in supervisory examinations of discover related to private student loans. at the legislative level, the focus on student loans has resulted in the enactment of student loan servicing laws in several states, and similar legislation is being considered in other states that could impose new licensing, servicing, reporting and regulatory oversight requirements on student loan servicers. the enactment of new legislation or the adoption of new regulations or guidance may increase the complexity and expense of servicing student loans and impact the entire student loan market, which could cause us to change our private student loan products or servicing practices in ways that we may not currently anticipate.
payment networks the dodd-frank act contains several provisions impacting the debit card market, including network participation requirements and interchange fee limitations. the changing debit card environment, including competitor actions related to merchant and acquirer pricing and transaction routing strategies, has adversely affected, and is expected to continue to adversely affect, our pulse network's business practices, network transaction volume, revenue and prospects for future growth. we continue to closely monitor competitor pricing and technology development strategies in order to assess their impact on our business and on competition in the marketplace. the u.s. department of justice is examining
some of these competitor pricing strategies. in addition, pulse filed a lawsuit against visa in late 2014 with respect to these competitive concerns, which may impact expenses for the payment services segment. in addition, the dodd-frank act's network participation requirements impact pulse's ability to enter into exclusivity arrangements, which affects pulse's current business practices and may materially adversely affect its network transaction volume and revenue.
there are initiatives in europe that may have an impact on our business, including revisions to the payment services directive ("psd2") and the new general data protection regulation ("gdpr"). the psd2 was published in the official journal of the eu in december 2015 and may impact our diners club business. each european union member state was required to transpose the psd2 into its national law by january 13, 2018. among other terms, the psd2 includes provisions that once transposed into local law will regulate surcharging and network access requirements, which may result in differential surcharging of diners club cards and may impact diners club licensing arrangements in europe. the final draft of the gdpr was published in the official journal of the european union in may 2016 and comes into force on may 25, 2018. the gdpr includes, among other things, a requirement for prompt notice of data breaches and requires companies processing personal data of individuals residing in the eu, regardless of the location of the company, to comply with eu privacy and data protection rules. we expect the gdpr to have an impact on how we process the personal data of eu individuals and are we have a program underway to address gdpr requirements.
banking capital discover is subject to the federal reserve's comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar") program which requires a company to submit its capital plan to the federal reserve for approval each year, including planned dividends and share repurchases. federal reserve senior leadership had indicated that there may be changes in the approach to capital stress testing, however, the approach for 2018 ccar, including the instructions around the supervisory severely adverse scenario, is largely consistent with prior years. our 2018 ccar submission will include the impact of the tcja. the tcja has the effect of lowering the corporate tax rate; however, there are numerous other changes in the law that may impact our business, operations and financial results. for example, the tcja has the effect of increasing the negative financial impact in capital stress testing scenarios due to larger disallowed deferred tax assets as net operating losses can now only be carried forward. this could reduce the amount of capital available to return to shareholders in such scenarios. for additional information, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases."
discover financial services and discover bank are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective january 2015 under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic to implement the provisions under the basel committee's december 2010 framework (referred to as "basel iii"). the final capital rules ("basel iii rules") require minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. in addition, the basel iii rules establish a capital conservation buffer above the regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity tier 1 ("cet1") capital and result in higher required minimum ratios by up to 2.5%. the new capital conservation buffer requirement became effective january 2016; however, the buffer threshold amounts are subject to a gradual phase-in period. in 2017, the highest capital conservation buffer threshold was 1.25%, which will rise to 1.875% for the 2018 calendar year. the full 2.5% buffer requirement will not be fully phased-in until january 2019. a banking organization is subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below any of the minimum capital requirements, taking into account the applicable capital conservation buffer thresholds. based on our current capital composition and levels and business plans, we are and expect to continue to be in compliance with the requirements for the foreseeable future. for additional information, see "- liquidity and capital resources - capital."
federal banking regulators jointly issued a proposed rule on september 27, 2017 that would simplify the treatment of certain assets and deductions for institutions that are not subject to the advanced approaches capital rule. among other things, the proposed rule would increase or adjust the deduction thresholds for certain mortgage servicing assets, deferred tax assets, investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions, and minority interests. as proposed, the new rules would apply to discover financial services and its subsidiary banks. while the banking agencies consider comments on the proposed rule, the agencies adopted a rule on november 21, 2017, that provides interim relief to non-advanced approaches banking organizations, such as discover, by extending the regulatory capital transition periods effective in 2017 for certain items, including regulatory capital deductions, risk weights, and certain minority interest limitations.
on december 7, 2017, the basel committee adopted various standards meant to finalize remaining elements of the basel iii reforms first introduced in 2010. among the new standards are revisions to the standardized approach for credit risk, which establishes standardized risk weightings used to measure credit risk for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements. the new revisions include a provision that would, for the first time, require banking organizations to include a percentage of "unconditionally cancellable commitments" in risk-weighted asset calculations. if this change were to be adopted in the united states by the domestic federal banking agencies and made applicable to all "standardized approach" banking organizations such as discover, it could require credit card issuers to substantially increase the amount of capital they hold against unused credit card lines. the federal banking agencies have publicly indicated support for the new basel standards but stated that the standards were "designed for internationally active banks" and that any changes to the regulatory capital rules in the united states "will be made through the standard notice-and-comment rulemaking process."
liquidity we are subject to the u.s. liquidity coverage ratio rule issued by federal banking regulators. this quantitative requirement is designed to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of large and internationally active banking organizations in the united states. the rule requires covered banks to maintain an amount of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to cover projected net cash outflows during a prospective 30-day calendar period under an acute, hypothetical liquidity stress scenario. given our current asset size, we are subject to a modified liquidity coverage ratio requirement which requires a lower level of high-quality liquid assets to meet the minimum ratio requirement due to adjustments to the net cash outflow amount. under the rule's transition period, we were required to maintain a liquidity ratio of 100% in 2017. as of december 31, 2017, our liquidity coverage ratio was in excess of the applicable regulatory requirement. pursuant to the final rule issued by the federal reserve, we will be required to publish quarterly public disclosures regarding our liquidity risk profile and components of our liquidity coverage ratio beginning the fourth quarter of 2018.
funding on december 8, 2017, the federal reserve board announced final plans for the production of three new reference rates based on overnight repurchase agreement transactions secured by treasury securities that will be produced by the federal reserve bank of new york, in cooperation with the u.s. office of financial research. it is expected that these new reference rates may be used in future transactions as a replacement for libor, which will no longer be maintained after 2021, in certain contracts.
segments we manage our business activities in two segments, direct banking and payment services, based on the products and services provided. for a detailed description of the operations of each segment, as well as the allocation conventions used in our business segment reporting, see note 22: segment disclosures to our consolidated financial statements.
direct banking interest income credit card                                     $7,907                          $7,155                          $6,626
credit card volume discover card volume(3)                     $141,858                            $132,324                            $127,825
(3)   represents discover card activity related to net sales, balance transfers, cash advances and other activity.
(4)   represents discover card activity related to net sales.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily driven by loan growth and higher yields on credit card loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. the increase in credit card yields was primarily due to prime rate increases and a higher portion of revolving card receivables, partially offset by the portfolio mix and higher interest charge-offs. interest income increased over the prior year due to loan growth and higher yields. interest expense increased during the year primarily due to increased borrowings to fund asset growth, higher market rates and a change in funding mix.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, the provision for loan loss dollars increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 due to higher levels of net charge-offs combined with a larger build of the allowance for loan losses as compared to the prior year. for a detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
total other expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and benefits, professional fees, marketing and business development costs, offset by a decrease in information processing and communications. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by the impact of additional headcount for regulatory and compliance needs and business growth, higher average salaries and a one-time special bonus for eligible employees in response to the recent tcja in 2017. the increase in professional fees was driven primarily by investments in technology and infrastructure, offset by the completion of a look back project related to anti-money laundering remediation in 2016. the increase in marketing and business development was primarily the result of higher brand advertising and loan acquisition costs that contributed to loan growth. the decrease in information processing and communications was primarily the result of infrastructure efficiencies.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily driven by loan growth and higher net interest margin. net interest margin increased due to higher yields on total loan receivables. the increase in total loan receivables yields was primarily driven by higher credit card yields resulting from the portfolio mix and the prime rate increase. interest income increased over the prior year due to loan growth and higher yields. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to higher market rates and funding mix.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the provision for loan loss dollars increased as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 due to higher levels of net charge-offs and higher loan balances. for a detailed discussion on provision for loan losses, see "- loan quality - provision and allowance for loan losses."
total other expense decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by completion of look back related anti-money laundering remediation expenses in the second quarter of 2016 and a decrease in other expenses and marketing and business development costs, offset by an increase in compliance activities costs and employee compensation and benefits. the decrease in other expense was primarily driven by exit charges related to the closure of our mortgage origination business in 2015, lower fraud losses and increased fraud recoveries. the increase in employee compensation and benefits costs was primarily due to higher salaries as well as growth in overall headcount driven in part by regulatory and compliance needs.
downturns in the global economy or negative impacts in foreign currency may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations in our payment services segment. we continue to work with our diners club licensees with regard to their ability to maintain financing sufficient to support business operations. we may continue to provide additional support in the future, including loans, facilitating transfer of ownership, or acquiring assets or licensees, which may cause us to incur losses. the licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of diners club revenue for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
lower expenses in 2016 related to the sale of diners club italy in 2015. the decrease in other income was due to a reduction in transaction processing revenue from lower pos transactions.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), management must make judgments and use estimates and assumptions about the effects of matters that are uncertain. for estimates that involve a high degree of judgment and subjectivity, it is possible that different estimates could reasonably be derived for the same period. for estimates that are particularly sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions, significant changes to the estimated amount from period to period are also possible. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations and, in certain cases, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition. management has identified the estimates related to our allowance for loan losses, the evaluation of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets for potential impairment and the accrual of income taxes.
allowance for loan losses we base our allowance for loan losses on several analyses that help us estimate incurred losses as of the balance sheet date. in deriving this estimate, we consider the collectibility of principal, interest and fees associated with our loan receivables. while our estimation process includes historical data and analysis, there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced to determine the allowance. we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. management also estimates loss emergence by using other analyses to estimate losses incurred from non-delinquent accounts. the considerations in these analyses include past and current loan performance, loan seasoning and growth, current risk management practices, account collection strategies, economic conditions, bankruptcy filings, policy changes and forecasting uncertainties. given the same information, others may reach different reasonable estimates.
if management used different assumptions in estimating incurred net loan losses, the impact to the allowance for loan losses could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. for example, a 10% change in management's estimate of incurred net loan losses could have resulted in a change of approximately $262 million in the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2017, with a corresponding change in the provision for loan losses. see "- loan quality" and note 2: summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for further details about our allowance for loan losses.
goodwill we recognize goodwill when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the total of the fair values of the acquired net assets. as required by gaap, we test goodwill for impairment annually, or more often if indicators of impairment exist. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, management must estimate the fair value of the reporting unit(s) to which the goodwill relates. because market data concerning acquisitions of comparable businesses typically are not readily obtainable, other valuation techniques such as earnings multiples and cash flow models are used in estimating the fair values of these reporting units. in applying these techniques, management considers historical results, business forecasts, market and industry conditions and other factors. we may also consult independent valuation experts where needed in applying these valuation techniques. the valuation methodologies we use involve assumptions about business performance, revenue and expense growth, capital expenditures, discount rates and other assumptions that are judgmental in nature.
at december 31, 2017, we reported goodwill of $255 million associated with our pulse network. the estimated fair value of the pulse reporting unit was more than three times its carrying value as of october 1, 2017, and there are no present conditions that we believe would cause the fair value of this reporting unit to fall below its carrying value. however, competitive pressures leading to significant declines in revenue, significant increases in the cost of equity, deteriorating economic conditions, or other events adversely impacting the assumptions used by management in the valuation, could cause the fair value of the reporting unit or the associated goodwill to decline in the future which could result in an impairment loss. at december 31, 2017, based on the annual impairment testing performed, there was no impairment identified. see note 7: goodwill and intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements for further details about goodwill and the related impairment testing.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the jurisdictions where we have business operations, primarily the united states, its states and municipalities. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various taxing jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and subsequent years' examinations, and tax reserves are established as appropriate.
changes in the estimate of income taxes can occur due to tax rate changes, interpretations of tax laws, the status and resolution of examinations by the taxing authorities, and newly enacted laws and regulations that impact the relative merits of tax positions taken. when such changes occur, such as the recent rate change enacted with the tcja, the effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations can be significant. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about income taxes.
net interest income the tables that follow this section have been provided to supplement the discussion below and provide further analysis of net interest income, net interest margin and the impact of rate and volume changes on net interest income. net interest income represents the difference between interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense incurred to finance those assets. we analyze net interest income in total by calculating net interest margin (net interest income as a percentage of average total loan receivables) and net yield on interest-bearing assets (net interest income as a percentage of average total interest-earning assets). we also separately consider the impact of the level of loan receivables and the related interest yield and the impact of the cost of funds related to each of our funding sources, along with the income generated by our liquidity portfolio, on net interest income.
our interest-earning assets consist of: (i) cash and cash equivalents, primarily related to amounts on deposit with the federal reserve bank of philadelphia, (ii) restricted cash, (iii) other short-term investments, (iv) investment securities and (v) loan receivables. our interest-bearing liabilities consist primarily of deposits, both direct-to-consumer and brokered, and long-term borrowings, including amounts owed to securitization investors. net interest income is influenced by the following:
   the level and composition of loan receivables, including the proportion of credit card loans to other loans, the proportion of credit card customers who revolve their balances, as well as the proportion of loan receivables bearing interest at promotional rates as compared to standard rates;
   the credit performance of our loans, particularly with regard to charge-offs of finance charges, which reduce interest income;
   the terms of long-term borrowings and certificates of deposit upon initial offering, including maturity and interest rate;
   the level and composition of other interest-bearing assets and liabilities, including our liquidity portfolio;
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily driven by loan growth and higher yields on credit card loans, partially offset by higher funding costs. the increase in credit card yields was primarily due to prime rate increases and a higher portion of revolving card receivables, partially offset by the portfolio mix and higher interest charge-offs. interest income increased over the prior year due to loan growth and higher yields. interest expense increased during the year primarily due to increased borrowings to fund asset growth, higher market rates and a change in funding mix.
net interest income increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily driven by loan growth and higher net interest margin. net interest margin increased due to higher yields on total loan receivables. the increase in total loan receivables yields was primarily driven by higher credit card yields resulting from the portfolio mix and the prime rate increase. interest income increased over the prior year due to loan growth and higher yields. interest expense increased during the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to higher market rates and funding mix.
investment securities                                1,667              1.60    %              27                    2,445              1.55    %              38                      2,876                1.71     %              49
credit card(3)                                      62,079             12.74    %           7,907                   57,238             12.50    %           7,155                     54,846               12.08     %           6,626
liabilities and stockholders' equity interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits(4)                                   $27,123              1.91    %             519                  $24,833              1.77    %             439                    $26,415                1.62     %             427
money market deposits(5)                             6,799              1.29    %              88                    6,939              1.08    %              75                      7,280                0.98     %              71
other interest-bearing savings deposits             20,155              1.18    %             239                   16,725              1.04    %             173                     12,538                1.00     %             125
total interest-bearing deposits(6)                  54,077              1.56    %             846                   48,497              1.42    %             687                     46,233                1.35     %             623
securitized borrowings(4)(5)                        16,746              2.26    %             379                   16,784              2.06    %             346                     16,893                1.95     %             329
total interest-bearing liabilities                  80,592              2.04    %           1,648                   73,713              1.90    %           1,398                     69,860                1.81     %           1,263
other liabilities and stockholders' equity          15,379                                                          15,287                                                            15,098
total liabilities and stockholders' equity         $95,971                                                         $89,000                                                           $84,958
(1)   upon adoption of asu 2015-03, interest-imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, certain balances as of december 31, 2015 have been restated to reflect the classification of debt issuance costs as a direct deduction of the related liability.
(3)   interest income on credit card loans includes $218 million, $193 million and $192 million of amortization of balance transfer fees for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(6)   includes the impact of fdic insurance premiums and large institution surcharge.
(9)   interest rate spread represents the difference between the rate on total interest-earning assets and the rate on total interest-bearing liabilities.
investment securities                                   (12         )                             1                               (11       )             (7    )             (4    )            (11    )
credit card                                             613                                     139                               752                    294                 235                 529
interest-bearing liabilities interest-bearing deposits time deposits                                            43                                      37                                80                    (27    )             39                  12
money market deposits                                    (1         )                            14                                13                     (3    )              7                   4
other interest-bearing savings deposits                  40                                      26                                66                     43                   5                  48
total interest-bearing deposits                          82                                      77                               159                     13                  51                  64
securitized borrowings                                    -                                      33                                33                     (2    )             19                  17
loan quality loan receivables consist of the following (dollars in millions):
loan portfolio credit card loans                   $67,291                 $61,522                 $57,896                 $56,128                 $53,150
   the impact of general economic conditions on the consumer, including national and regional conditions, unemployment levels, bankruptcy trends and interest rate movements;
   changes in our loan portfolio, including the overall mix of accounts, products and loan balances within the portfolio and maturation of the loan portfolio;
   the credit quality of the loan portfolio, which reflects, among other factors, our credit granting practices and effectiveness of collection efforts; and
the provision for loan losses is the amount of expense realized after considering the level of net charge-offs in the period and the required amount of allowance for loan losses at the balance sheet date. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the provision for loan losses increased by $720 million, or 39%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. for the year ended december 31, 2016, the provision for loan losses increased by $347 million, or 23%, as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase for both years was primarily due to higher levels of net charge-offs combined with a larger build of the allowance for loan losses as compared to the prior year.
the allowance for loan losses was $2.6 billion at december 31, 2017, which reflects a $454 million reserve build over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2016. the reserve build, which related primarily to credit card loans along with builds in personal and student loan reserves, was due to seasoning of continued loan growth and increasing consumer leverage.
the allowance for loan losses was $2.2 billion at december 31, 2016, which reflected a $298 million reserve build over the amount of the allowance for loan losses at december 31, 2015. the reserve build, which related primarily to credit card loans along with builds in personal and student loan reserves, was due to loan growth and seasoning of the portfolio.
credit card                          personal loans                                 student                                   other                                   total loans(1)
additions provision for loan losses                    2,159                                     332                                      93                                      (5         )                         2,579
credit card                          personal loans                                 student                                   other                                   total loans(1)
additions provision for loan losses                    1,579                                     196                                      82                                       2                                   1,859
credit card                  personal loans                         student                           other                           total loans(1)
additions provision for loan losses                1,300                             147                              64                               1                           1,512
credit card                  personal loans                         student                           other                           total loans(1)
additions provision for loan losses                1,259                             102                              79                               3                           1,443
credit card                  personal loans                student loans(1)                           other                           total balance at beginning of period          $1,613                             $99                             $75                              $1                          $1,788
additions provision for loan losses                  893                              92                              84                              17                           1,086
net charge-offs our net charge-offs include the principal amount of losses charged off less principal recoveries and exclude charged-off and recovered interest and fees and fraud losses. charged-off and recovered interest and fees are recorded in interest income and loan fee income, respectively, which is effectively a reclassification of the provision for loan losses, while fraud losses are recorded in other expense. credit card loan receivables are charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 180 days contractually past due. personal loans and private student loans, which are closed-end consumer loan receivables, are generally charged off at the end of the month during which an account becomes 120 days contractually past due. generally, customer bankruptcies and probate accounts are charged off at the end of the month 60 days following the receipt of notification of the bankruptcy or death but not later than the 180-day or 120-day contractual time frame.
credit card loans                             $1,802              2.91     %            $1,343              2.34     %            $1,220              2.22     %            $1,191              2.27     %            $1,100              2.21     %
the net charge-off rate on our credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans increased by 57 basis points, 75 basis points and 11 basis points, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of seasoning of continued loan growth and increasing consumer leverage.
the net charge-off rate on our credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans increased by 12 basis points, 40 basis points and 3 basis points for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 as a result of seasoning of the portfolio and continued loan growth.
delinquencies delinquencies are an indicator of credit quality at a point in time. a loan balance is considered delinquent when contractual payments on the loan become 30 days past due.
loans 30 or more days delinquent credit card loans                                              $1,532                          2.28         %                        $1,252                          2.04         %                          $995                          1.72         %                          $971                          1.73         %                          $912                          1.72         %
loans 90 or more days delinquent credit card loans                                                $751                          1.12         %                          $597                          0.97         %                          $490                          0.85         %                          $480                          0.85         %                          $447                          0.84         %
restructured loans credit card loans(2)                                           $1,316                          1.96         %                        $1,085                          1.76         %                        $1,019                          1.76         %                        $1,037                          1.85         %                        $1,123                          2.11         %
(1)   excludes pci loans which are accounted for on a pooled basis. since a pool is accounted for as a single asset with a single composite interest rate and aggregate expectation of cash flows, the past-due status of a pool, or that of the individual loans within a pool, is not meaningful. because we are recognizing interest income on a pool of loans, it is all considered to be performing.
(2)   restructured credit card loans include $74 million, $60 million, $44 million, $44 million and $43 million at december 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, that are also included in loans over 90 days delinquent or more.
the 30-day delinquency rates for credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans along with the 90-day delinquency rates for credit card loans and personal loans at december 31, 2017 increased as compared to december 31, 2016 primarily due to seasoning of continued loan growth and increasing consumer leverage. the amount of private student loans that were 90 or more days delinquent was relatively flat in december 31, 2017 as compared to december 31, 2016.
the 30-day and 90-day delinquency rates for credit card loans, personal loans and private student loans at december 31, 2016 increased as compared to december 31, 2015 primarily due to seasoning of the portfolio and continued loan growth.
the restructured credit card and personal loan balances increased at december 31, 2017 as compared to december 31, 2016 due to loan growth and seasoning. the restructured private student loan balance increased at december 31, 2017 as compared to december 31, 2016 as a result of greater utilization of programs available as more loans have entered into repayment.
the restructured credit card and personal loan balances increased at december 31, 2016 as compared to december 31, 2015 due to continued loan growth. the restructured private student loan balance increased at
maturities and sensitivities of loan receivables to changes in interest rates our loan portfolio had the following maturity distribution(1) (dollars in millions):
credit card loans                               $19,873                                      $35,724                                 $11,694                          $67,291
modified and restructured loans we have loan modification programs that provide for temporary or permanent hardship relief for our credit card loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties. we offer temporary hardship programs consisting of an interest rate reduction and in some cases a reduced minimum payment, both lasting for a period no longer than 12 months. the permanent modification program involves changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than 60 months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. the permanent modification program does not normally provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. we also make permanent loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. these loans continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. modified credit card loans that are deemed to meet the definition of troubled debt restructurings include loans in both temporary and permanent programs.
for personal loan customers, in certain situations we offer various payment programs, including temporary and permanent programs. the temporary programs normally consist of a reduction of the minimum payment for a period of no longer than 12 months with the option of a final balloon payment required at the end of the loan term or an extension of the maturity date with the total term not exceeding nine years. further, in certain circumstances, the interest rate on the loan is reduced. the permanent programs involve changing the terms of the loan in order to pay off the outstanding balance over a longer term and also in certain circumstances reducing the interest rate on the loan. similar to the temporary programs, the total term may not exceed nine years. we also allow permanent loan modifications for customers who request financial assistance through external sources, similar to our credit card customers discussed above. payments are modified based on the new terms agreed upon with the credit counseling agency. personal loans included in temporary and permanent programs are accounted for as troubled debt restructurings.
at december 31, 2017, there was $5.7 billion of private student loans in repayment, which includes both pci and non-pci loans to students who are not in deferment. to assist student loan borrowers who are experiencing temporary financial difficulties but are willing to resume making payments, we may offer hardship forbearance or programs that include payment deferral, temporary payment reduction, temporary interest rate reduction or extended terms. a non-pci modified loan typically meets the definition of a troubled debt restructuring based on the cumulative length of the concession period and an evaluation of the credit quality of the borrower based on fico scores. prior to the third quarter of 2016, only a second forbearance when the borrower was 30 days or greater delinquent was considered a troubled debt restructuring. the balance of student loans being accounted for as troubled debt
restructurings has increased since then, although it has not led to significant changes in the balance of overall allowance for loan losses.
borrower performance after using payment programs or forbearance is monitored and we believe the programs help to prevent defaults and are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties. we plan to continue to use payment programs and forbearance and, as a result, we expect to have additional loans classified as troubled debt restructurings in the future.
for additional information regarding the accounting treatment for these loans as well as amounts recorded in the financial statements related to these loans, see note 4: loan receivables to our consolidated financial statements.
discount and interchange revenue discount and interchange revenue includes discount revenue and acquirer interchange net of interchange paid to network partners. we earn discount revenue from fees charged to merchants with whom we have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we earn acquirer interchange revenue primarily from merchant acquirers on all discover network card transactions and certain diners club transactions made by credit card customers at merchants with whom merchant acquirers have entered into card acceptance agreements for processing credit card purchase transactions. we incur an interchange cost to card-issuing entities that have entered into contractual arrangements to issue cards on the discover network and on certain transactions on the diners club network. this cost is contractually established and is based on the card-issuing organization's transaction volume and is reported as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue. we offer our customers various reward programs, including the cashback bonus reward program, pursuant to which we pay certain customers a percentage of their purchase amounts based on the type and volume of the customer's purchases. reward costs are recorded as a reduction to discount and interchange revenue. discount and interchange revenue remained flat for year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 with offsetting increases in gross discount and interchange revenue and rewards, both of which were primarily the result of higher sales volume. discount and interchange revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher rewards partially offset by higher transaction volume.
protection products we earn revenue related to fees received for providing ancillary products and services, including payment protection and identity theft protection services, to customers. the amount of revenue recorded is generally based on either a percentage of a customer's outstanding balance or a flat fee and is recognized as earned. protection product revenue decreased for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 as compared to the previous year, reflecting the impact of our no longer selling these products and eliminating related retention efforts.
loan fee income loan fee income consists primarily of fees on credit card loans and includes late, cash advance and other miscellaneous fees. loan fee income increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily due an increase in late fees. loan fee income remained relatively flat for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
transaction processing revenue transaction processing revenue represents switch fees charged to financial institutions and merchants for processing atm, debit and pos transactions over the pulse network, as well as various participation and membership fees. switch fees are charged on a per transaction basis. transaction processing revenue increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 due to higher pos transactions. transaction processing revenue decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 due to lower pos transactions.
gain on origination and sale of mortgage loans gain on sale of mortgage loans consists of the net gain on the origination and sale of loans as well as the net gain on the related interest rate lock commitments and the net gain or loss on forward delivery contracts. there was no revenue related to mortgage banking operations for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 due to the closure of our mortgage origination business in 2015.
other income other income includes royalty revenues earned by diners club, merchant fees, revenue from merchants related to reward programs, revenues from network partners and other miscellaneous revenue items. other income remained flat for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. other income decreased for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to a gain on sale of securities in 2015.
employee compensation and benefits               $1,512                      $1,379                      $1,327                        $133                   10      %                  $52                    4      %
total other expense increased $197 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in employee compensation and benefits, professional fees, marketing and business development costs, offset by a decrease in information processing and communications. the increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by the impact of additional headcount for regulatory and compliance needs and business growth, higher average salaries and a one-time special bonus for eligible employees in response to the recent tcja in 2017. the increase in professional fees was driven primarily by investments in technology and infrastructure, offset by the completion of a look back project related to anti-money laundering remediation in 2016. the increase in marketing and business development was primarily the result of higher brand advertising and loan acquisition costs that contributed to loan growth. the decrease in information processing and communications was primarily the result of infrastructure efficiencies.
total other expense decreased $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by completion of look back related anti-money laundering remediation expenses in the second quarter of 2016 and a decrease in other expenses and marketing and business development costs, offset by an increase in compliance activities costs and employee compensation and benefits. the decrease in other expense was primarily driven by exit charges related to the closure of our mortgage origination business in 2015, lower fraud losses and increased fraud recoveries. the increase in employee compensation and benefits costs was primarily due to higher salaries as well as growth in overall headcount driven in part by regulatory and compliance needs.
u.s. state, local and other income taxes, net of u.s. federal income tax benefits                   3.1                                         2.7                                         2.5
tax credits                                                                                        (1.3          )                             (1.8          )                             (1.0          )
income tax expense decreased $52 million, or 4.0%, and the effective income tax rate decreased 1.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in rates is primarily due certain tax credits, a settlement with the united states congress joint committee on taxation and the resolution of certain federal and state tax matters in 2016.
liquidity and capital resources funding and liquidity we seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. in managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. our primary liquidity sources include a liquidity portfolio comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities, and borrowing capacity through private term asset-backed securitizations. in addition, we have unused capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides another source of contingent liquidity.
funding sources deposits we offer deposit products to customers through two channels: (i) through direct marketing, internet origination and affinity relationships ("direct-to-consumer deposits"); and (ii) indirectly through contractual arrangements with
securities brokerage firms ("brokered deposits"). direct-to-consumer deposits include certificates of deposit, money market accounts, online savings and checking accounts and ira certificates of deposit, while brokered deposits include certificates of deposit and sweep accounts. at december 31, 2017, we had $39.4 billion of direct-to-consumer deposits and $19.4 billion of brokered and other deposits.
credit card securitization financing we use the securitization of credit card receivables as a source of funding. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the discover card master trust i ("dcmt") and the discover card execution note trust ("dcent"), through which we issue dcent discoverseries notes in both public and private transactions. from time to time, we may add credit card receivables to these trusts to create sufficient funding capacity for future securitizations while managing seller's interest. we retain significant exposure to the performance of trust assets through holdings of the seller's interest and subordinated security classes of dcent.
the securitization structures include certain features designed to protect investors. the primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers early repayment of the securities. we refer to this as "economic early amortization", which is based on excess spread levels. excess spread is the amount by which income received by a trust during a collection period, including interest collections, fees and interchange, exceeds the fees and expenses of the trust during such collection period, including interest expense, servicing fees and charged-off receivables. in the event of an economic early amortization, which would occur if the excess spread fell below 0% on a three-month rolling average basis, we would be required to repay the affected outstanding securitized borrowings using available collections received by the trust; the period of ultimate repayment would be determined by the amount and timing of collections received. an early amortization event would impair our liquidity, and may require us to utilize our available non-securitization related contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. as of december 31, 2017, the discoverseries three-month rolling average excess spread was 13.51%.
we may elect to add receivables to the restricted pool of receivables, subject to certain requirements. through our wholly-owned indirect subsidiary, discover funding llc, we are required to maintain a contractual minimum level of receivables in the trust in excess of the face value of outstanding investors' interests. this excess is referred to as the minimum seller's interest. the required minimum seller's interest in the pool of trust receivables, which is included in credit card loan receivables restricted for securitization investors, is set at approximately 7% in excess of the total investors' interests (which includes interests held by third parties as well as those interests held by us). if the level of receivables in the trust were to fall below the required minimum, we would be required to add receivables from the unrestricted pool of receivables, which would increase the amount of credit card loan receivables restricted for securitization investors. a decline in the amount of the excess seller's interest could occur if balance repayments and charge-offs exceeded new lending on the securitized accounts or as a result of changes in total outstanding investors' interests. seller's interest is impacted by seasonality as higher balance repayments tend to occur in the first calendar year quarter. if we could not add enough receivables to satisfy the minimum seller's interest requirement, an early amortization (or repayment) of investors' interests would be triggered. no accounts were added to those restricted for securitization investors during the year ended december 31, 2017.
at december 31, 2017, we had $16.0 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities and $5.1 billion of outstanding subordinated asset-backed securities that had been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in credit card securitizations, excluding those that have been issued to our wholly-owned subsidiaries (dollars in millions):
at december 31, 2017                                                                          total                                               less thanone year                                   one yearthroughthree years                          four yearsthroughfive years                         after fiveyears scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings - owed to credit card securitization investors   $15,926                                             $3,524                                              $8,682                                              $2,400                                              $1,320
the triple-a rating of dcent class a notes issued to date has been based, in part, on an fdic rule, which created a safe harbor that provides that the fdic, as conservator or receiver, will not, using its power to disaffirm or repudiate contracts, seek to reclaim or recover assets transferred in connection with a securitization, or recharacterize them as assets of the insured depository institution, provided such transfer satisfies the conditions for sale accounting treatment under previous gaap. although the implementation of the financial accounting standards board accounting
standards codification topic 860, transfers and servicing, no longer qualified certain transfers of assets for sale accounting treatment, the fdic approved a final rule that preserved the safe-harbor treatment applicable to revolving trusts and master trusts, including dcmt, so long as those trusts would have satisfied the original fdic safe harbor if evaluated under gaap pertaining to transfers of financial assets in effect prior to december 1, 2009. other legislative and regulatory developments may, however, impact our ability and/or desire to issue asset-backed securities in the future.
other long-term borrowings-student loans at december 31, 2017, we had $620 million of remaining principal balance outstanding on securitized debt assumed as part of the acquisition of the student loan corporation. principal and interest payments on the underlying student loans will reduce the balance of these secured borrowings over time.
short-term borrowings as part of our regular funding strategy, we may from time to time borrow short-term funds in the federal funds market or the repurchase ("repo") market through repurchase agreements. federal funds are short-term, unsecured loans between banks or other financial entities with a federal reserve account. funds borrowed in the repo market are short-term, collateralized loans usually secured with highly-rated investment securities such as u.s. treasury bills or notes, or federal agency mortgage bonds or debentures. at december 31, 2017, there were no outstanding balances in the federal funds market or repurchase agreements.
additional funding sources private asset-backed securitizations we have access to committed undrawn borrowing capacity through privately placed asset-backed securitizations. at december 31, 2017, we had total committed capacity of $6.0 billion, none of which was drawn. while we may utilize funding from these private securitizations from time to time for normal business operations, their committed nature also makes them a reliable contingency funding source. therefore, we reserve some undrawn capacity, informed by our liquidity stress testing results, for potential contingency funding needs. we also seek to ensure the stability and reliability of these securitizations by staggering their maturity dates, renewing them approximately one year prior to their scheduled maturity dates and periodically drawing them for operational testing purposes.
federal reserve discover bank has access to the federal reserve bank of philadelphia's discount window. as of december 31, 2017, discover bank had $29.2 billion of available borrowing capacity through the discount window based on the amount and type of assets pledged, primarily consumer loans. we have no borrowings outstanding under the discount window and reserve this capacity as a source of contingent liquidity.
funding uses our primary uses of funds include the extensions of loans and credit, primarily through discover bank, the purchase of investment securities for our liquidity portfolio, working capital, and debt and capital service. we assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans, and contingent uses of funding, such as the need to post additional collateral for derivatives positions. in order to anticipate funding needs under stress, we conduct liquidity stress testing to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic, and hybrid (idiosyncratic and systemic) scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including those for securitizations and unsecured senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of dfs, discover bank and the securitization trusts. downgrades in these credit ratings could result in higher interest expense on our unsecured debt and asset securitizations, as well as higher collateral enhancement requirements for both our public and private asset securitizations. in addition to increased funding costs, deterioration in credit ratings could reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets.
we also maintain agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain provisions that require dfs and discover bank to maintain an investment grade credit rating from specified major credit rating agencies. at december 31, 2017, discover bank's credit rating met specified thresholds set by its counterparties. however, if discover bank's credit ratings were reduced below investment grade, discover bank would be required to post additional collateral, which, as of december 31, 2017, would have been $33 million. dfs (parent company) had no outstanding derivatives as of december 31, 2017, therefore, no collateral was required.
a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. our credit ratings are summarized in the following table:
moody's investors service                                                                             standard &amp; poor's                                                                                 fitch ratings discover financial services senior unsecured debt                                           ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb+
outlook for discover financial services senior unsecured debt   positive                                                                                              stable                                                                                                stable discover bank senior unsecured debt                                           baa3                                                                                                  bbb                                                                                                   bbb+
outlook for discover bank senior unsecured debt                 positive                                                                                              stable                                                                                                stable subordinated debt                                               ba1                                                                                                   bbb-                                                                                                  bbb discover card execution note trust class a(1)                                                      aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaa(sf)                                                                                               aaa(sf)
liquidity we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth and satisfy debt obligations under stressed and normal operating conditions. in addition to the funding sources discussed in the previous section, we also maintain highly liquid, unencumbered assets in our liquidity portfolio that we expect to be able to convert to cash quickly and with little loss of value using either the repo market or outright sales.
we maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy, which outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. the policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee (the "alco"). additionally, we maintain a liquidity management framework document, which outlines the general strategies, objectives and principles we utilize to manage our liquidity position and the various liquidity risks inherent in our business model. we seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. liquidity risk is centrally managed by the alco, which is
chaired by our treasurer and has cross-functional membership. the alco monitors the liquidity risk profiles of dfs and discover bank and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure that we maintain ready access to our funding sources and sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs. in addition, the alco and our board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits at dfs and discover bank, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite set by our board of directors.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we utilize early warning indicators ("ewis") to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events and a reporting and escalation process that is designed to be consistent with regulatory guidance. the ewis include both idiosyncratic and systemic measures, and are monitored on a daily basis and reported to the alco regularly. a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team, and in certain instances may lead to the convening of a senior-level response team and activation of our contingency funding plan.
in addition, we conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios that are designed in accordance with regulatory requirements, including idiosyncratic, systemic and a combination of such events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs. these scenarios measure the projected liquidity position at dfs and discover bank across a range of time horizons by comparing estimated contingency funding needs to available contingent liquidity.
our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. in addition, we have unused capacity with the federal reserve discount window, which provides an additional source of contingent liquidity. we seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to be able to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. in such an environment, we may also take actions to curtail the size of our balance sheet, which would reduce the need for funding and liquidity.
at december 31, 2017, our liquidity portfolio is comprised of highly liquid, unencumbered assets, including cash and cash equivalents and investment securities. cash and cash equivalents were primarily in the form of deposits with the federal reserve. investment securities primarily included debt obligations of the u.s. treasury and residential mortgage-backed securities issued by u.s. government housing agencies or government sponsored enterprises. these investments are considered highly liquid, and we expect to have the ability to raise cash by selling them, utilizing repurchase agreements or pledging certain of these investments to access secured funding. the size and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the size of our statement of financial condition as well as operational requirements and market conditions.
at december 31, 2017, our liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities were $48.7 billion, which was $5.9 billion higher than the balance at december 31, 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the average balance of our liquidity portfolio was $15.2 billion.
liquidity portfolio cash and cash equivalents(1)                                $12,213                 $11,103
investment securities(2)                                      1,347                   1,532
total liquidity portfolio                                    13,560                  12,635
private asset-backed securitizations(3)                       6,000                   6,000
primary liquidity sources                                    19,560                  18,635
total liquidity portfolio and undrawn credit facilities     $48,713                 $42,829
(1)   cash in the process of settlement and restricted cash are excluded from cash and cash equivalents for liquidity purposes.
(2)   excludes $48 million and $73 million of u.s. treasury securities that have been pledged as swap collateral in lieu of cash as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
(3)   see "- additional funding sources" for additional information.
bank holding company liquidity the primary uses of funds at the unconsolidated dfs level include debt service obligations (interest payments and return of principal) and capital service and management activities, which include dividend payments on capital instruments and the periodic repurchase of shares of our common stock. our primary sources of funds at the bank holding company level include the proceeds from the issuance of unsecured debt and capital securities, as well as dividends from our subsidiaries, particularly discover bank. under periods of idiosyncratic or systemic stress, the bank holding company could lose or experience impaired access to the capital markets. in addition, our regulators have the discretion to restrict dividend payments from discover bank to the bank holding company.
we structure our debt maturity schedule to minimize the amount of debt maturing at the bank holding company within a short period of time. see note 9: long-term borrowings to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt. our alco and board of directors regularly review our compliance with our liquidity limits as a bank holding company, which are established in accordance with the liquidity risk appetite articulated by our board.
capital our primary sources of capital are the earnings generated by our businesses and the proceeds from issuances of capital securities. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the growth and risks of our businesses and to meet regulatory requirements, rating agency targets and debt investor expectations. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that provides attractive returns to our stockholders. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments.
under regulatory capital requirements adopted by the federal reserve and the fdic, dfs, along with discover bank, must maintain minimum levels of capital. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a direct material effect on our financial position and results. we must meet specific capital requirements that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidance and regulations. current or future legislative or regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future.
in 2013, the federal reserve, the office of the comptroller of the currency and the fdic issued the basel iii rules applicable to dfs and discover bank. under those rules, dfs and discover bank are classified as "standardized approach" entities, defined as u.s. banking organizations with consolidated total assets over $50 billion but not exceeding $250 billion and consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposures less than $10 billion. additional phase-in requirements related to components of the final capital rules will become effective through 2019. the basel iii rules include new minimum and "well-capitalized" risk-based capital and leverage ratios, effective january 1, 2015, and refine the definition of what constitutes "capital" for purposes of calculating those ratios of which certain requirements are subject to phase-in periods through the end of 2018 (the "transition period"). during the transition period, the effects of the changes to capital (i.e., certain deductions and adjustments) are recognized in 20% increments from 2015 through 2018. for example, one of the deductions from cet1 capital, goodwill and intangibles, was subject to a 40% of total deduction in 2015 that increased to 60% in 2016 and so on, until reaching 100% deduction of total in 2018. for additional information regarding the risk-based capital and leverage ratios, see note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
the basel iii rules also introduced a capital conservation buffer on top of the minimum risk-weighted asset ratios. the buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. the calculation of the buffer started to phase in beginning on january 1, 2016 at the rate of 0.625% and increases by 0.625% on each subsequent january 1 until it reaches the maximum 2.5% on january 1, 2019. when the capital conservation buffer is fully phased-in on january 1, 2019, this will effectively result in minimum ratios of (i) cet1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0%, (ii) tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5% and (iii) total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5%. banking institutions with a capital ratio below the required amount will face constraints on dividends, equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall.
another main component of the basel iii rules is a prescribed standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets that expands the risk-weight range from 0% to 100% (under basel i) to 0% to 1,250% (under basel iii). the new range is intended to be more risk-sensitive and the risk-weight assigned depends on the nature of the asset in question.
the basel iii rules provide for a number of the deductions from and adjustments to cet1, to the extent that any one such category exceeds 10% of cet1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15%. in september 2017, federal banking regulators issued a notice of proposed rulemaking that would, among other things, revise certain capital requirements for standardized approach banks by raising the 10% of cet1 deduction threshold for certain items to 25% and eliminating the 15% combined deduction threshold applying to these items. these proposed changes are open for public comment and have not yet been implemented.
basel iii also requires disclosures relating to market discipline. this series of disclosures is commonly referred to as "pillar 3." the objective is to increase transparency of capital requirements for banking organizations. we are required to make prescribed regulatory disclosures on a quarterly basis regarding our capital structure, capital adequacy, risk exposures and risk-weighted assets. the pillar 3 disclosures are made publicly available on our website in a report called "basel iii regulatory capital disclosures."
at december 31, 2017, dfs and discover bank met the requirements for "well-capitalized" status under regulation y and the prompt corrective action rules, respectively, exceeding the regulatory minimums to which they were subject under the applicable rules.
as discussed in note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements, we are subject to a cet1 capital ratio requirement under the basel iii rules. we believe that providing an estimate of our capital position based on the basel iii fully phased-in rules is important to complement the existing capital ratios and for comparability to other financial institutions. in addition, we disclose tangible common equity, which represents common equity less goodwill and intangibles. management believes that common stockholders' equity excluding goodwill and intangibles is a more meaningful measure to investors of our true net asset value. as of december 31, 2017, the cet1 capital ratio calculated under basel iii fully phased-in rules and tangible common equity are not formally defined by u.s. gaap or codified in the federal banking regulations and, as such, they are considered to be non-gaap financial measures. other financial services companies may also disclose this ratio and metric and definitions may vary, so we advise users of this information to exercise caution in comparing this ratio and metric for different companies.
the following table provides a reconciliation of total common stockholders' equity (a u.s. gaap financial measure) to tangible common equity (dollars in millions):
total common stockholders' equity(1)                                       $10,329                                                                                     $10,763
tangible common equity                                                      $9,911                                                                                     $10,342
(1)   total common stockholders' equity is calculated as total stockholders' equity less preferred stock.
the following table provides a reconciliation of cet1 capital calculated under basel iii transition rules to cet1 capital and risk-weighted assets calculated under fully phased-in basel iii rules (dollars in millions):
common equity tier 1 capital (basel iii transition)                                                                                                                      $10,114
adjustments related to capital components during transition(1)                                                                                                               (27                                                        )
common equity tier 1 capital (basel iii fully phased-in)                                                                                                                 $10,087
common equity tier 1 capital ratio (basel iii fully phased-in)                                                                                                              11.6                                                        %
(1)   adjustments related to capital components for fully phased-in basel iii include the phase-in of the intangible asset exclusion.
(2)   key differences under fully phased-in basel iii rules in the calculation of risk-weighted assets include higher risk weighting for past-due loans and unfunded commitments.
additionally, we are required to submit an annual capital plan to the federal reserve that includes an assessment of our expected uses and sources of capital over a nine quarter planning horizon. we submitted our annual capital plan to the federal reserve under the federal reserve's ccar program and received notice in june 2017 that the federal reserve does not object to our proposed capital plan, including planned quarterly capital distributions through june 30, 2018. our ability to make capital distributions, including our ability to pay dividends on or repurchase shares of our common stock, will continue to be subject to the federal reserve's review and non-objection of the actions that we propose each year in our annual capital plan.
also in june 2017, the federal reserve published the results of its annual supervisory stress tests for bank holding companies with $50 billion or more in total consolidated assets, including dfs. at that same time, we published company-run stress test results for dfs and discover bank. dfs is required to publish company-run stress tests results twice each year in accordance with federal reserve rules and discover bank is required to publish bank-run stress test results under fdic rules.
we recently declared a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock of $0.35 per share, payable on march 8, 2018 to holders of record on february 22, 2018, which is consistent with the dividend amount that we paid in the third and fourth quarters of 2017. we also pay dividends on our preferred stock. on december 1, 2017, we redeemed all outstanding shares of our series b 6.50% perpetual preferred stock. prior to redeeming the series b preferred shares, we issued on october 31, 2017, new perpetual preferred shares (series c) in the amount of $570 million. the series c preferred stock pays semi-annual dividends at a fixed annual rate of 5.50% until october 30, 2027, after which it would pay quarterly dividends at a floating rate of three-month libor plus 3.076%. we recently declared a semi-annual cash dividend on our series c preferred stock of $2,750 per share, equal to $27.50 per depositary share, payable on april 30, 2018 to holders of record on april 13, 2018.
on july 25, 2017, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $2.8 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock. the program expires on october 31, 2018 and may be terminated at any time. this program replaced the prior $2.5 billion share repurchase program, which had $562 million of remaining authorization. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we repurchased approximately 32 million shares, or 8%, of our outstanding common stock for $2.1 billion. we expect to continue to make share repurchases under our repurchase program from time to time based on market conditions and other factors, subject to legal and regulatory requirements and restrictions, including non-objection from the federal reserve as described above. share repurchases under the program may be made through a variety of methods, including open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other purchases, including block trades, accelerated share repurchase transactions, or any combination of such methods.
the amount and size of any future dividends and share repurchases will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors. the declaration and payment of future dividends, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. holders of our shares of common stock are subject to the prior dividend rights of holders of our preferred stock or the depositary shares representing such preferred stock outstanding, and if full dividends have not been declared and paid on all outstanding shares of preferred stock in any dividend period, no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment on our common stock. in addition, as noted above, banking laws and regulations and our banking regulators may limit our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases, including limitations on the extent to which our banking subsidiaries can provide funds to us through dividends, loans or otherwise. further, also noted above, current
or future regulatory initiatives may require us to hold more capital in the future. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends or repurchase any shares of our common stock in the future. for more information, including conditions and limits on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock, see "business - supervision and regulation - capital, dividends and share repurchases," "risk factors - credit, market and liquidity risk - we may be limited in our ability to pay dividends on and repurchase our stock" and "- we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries" and note 17: capital adequacy to our consolidated financial statements.
certain off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make payments to a guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying asset, liability, or equity security of a guaranteed party, rate or index. also included in guarantees are contracts that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to a guaranteed party based on another entity's failure to perform under an agreement. our guarantees relate to transactions processed on the discover network and certain transactions processed by pulse and diners club. see note 18: commitments, contingencies and guarantees to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
contractual obligations and contingent liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. contractual obligations include deposits, long-term borrowings, operating and capital lease obligations, interest payments on fixed-rate debt, purchase obligations and other liabilities. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations are summarized below (dollars in millions):
deposits(1)(2)                                                             $58,764                                                                                     $42,562                                                                                      $9,128                                                                                      $4,368                                                                                      $2,706
other liabilities(5)                                                           348                                                                                         147                                                                                          48                                                                                          36                                                                                         117
(1)   deposits do not include interest payments because payment amounts and timing cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposit accounts have early withdrawal rights and the option to roll interest payments into the balance.
(2)   deposits due in less than one year include deposits with indeterminate maturities.
(4)   purchase obligations for goods and services include payments under, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, data, advertising, sponsorship, software license, telecommunications agreements and global acceptance contracts. purchase obligations also include payments under rewards program agreements with merchants. purchase obligations at december 31, 2017 reflect the minimum purchase obligation under legally binding contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on our consolidated statement of financial condition.
(5)   other liabilities include our expected future contributions to our pension plan, the contingent liability associated with our other investments accounted for under the equity method and a commitment to purchase certain when-issued mortgage-backed securities under an agreement with the delaware state housing authority as part of our community reinvestment initiatives.
as of december 31, 2017 our consolidated statement of financial condition reflects a liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $123 million and approximately $27 million of accrued interest and penalties. since the ultimate amount and timing of any future cash settlements cannot be predicted with reasonable certainty, the estimated income tax obligations about which there is uncertainty have been excluded from the contractual obligations table. see note 15: income taxes to our consolidated financial statements for further information concerning our tax obligations.
we extend credit for consumer loans, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on certain credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions established in the related agreement. at december 31, 2017, our unused credit arrangements were approximately $190.2 billion. these arrangements, substantially all of which we can terminate at any time and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are periodically reviewed based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualification. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, we guarantee payment on behalf of subsidiaries relating to contractual obligations with external parties. the activities of the subsidiaries covered by any such guarantees are included in our consolidated financial statements.