item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, the following factors should be considered in evaluating our business. our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. the most significant risks and uncertainties known to us which may cause our operating results to vary from anticipated results or which may negatively affect our operating results and profitability are as follows:
company risks products that we sell may expose us to potential material liability for property damage, environmental damage, personal injury, or death linked to the use of those products by our customers. some of our customers operate in challenging industries where there is a material risk of catastrophic events. we are actively seeking to expand our sales to certain categories of customers, some of whose businesses may entail heightened levels of such risk. if any of these events are linked to the use by our customers of any of our products, claims could be brought against us by those customers, by governmental authorities, and by third parties who are injured or damaged as a result of such events. in addition, our reputation could be adversely affected by negative publicity surrounding such events regardless of whether or not claims against us are successful. while we maintain insurance coverage to mitigate a portion of this risk and may have recourse against our suppliers for losses arising out of defects in products procured from them, we could experience significant losses as a result of claims made against us to the extent adequate insurance is not in place, the products are manufactured by us or legal recourse against our suppliers is otherwise not available, or our insurers or suppliers are unwilling or unable to satisfy their obligations to us.
we may be unable to meet our goals regarding the growth drivers of our business. our sales growth is dependent primarily on our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers. historically, the most effective way to attract new customers has been opening new branches. in recent years, however, we have devoted increased resources to other growth drivers, including our industrial vending business, our onsite business, and our national accounts team. while we have taken steps to build momentum in the growth drivers of our business, we cannot assure you those steps will lead to additional sales growth. failure to achieve any of our goals regarding industrial vending, onsite locations, national accounts signings, or other growth drivers could negatively impact our long-term sales growth. further, failure to identify appropriate customer sites for our onsite businesses or failure to find suitable locations for our onsite businesses once appropriate customer sites are identified may adversely impact our goals regarding the number of new onsite locations we are able to open.
changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume of orders could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. changes in our customer or product mix could cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. for example, the portion of our sales attributable to fasteners has been decreasing in recent years. that has adversely affected our gross profit percentage as our non-fastener products generally carry lower gross profit margins than our fastener products. similarly, in recent years, revenues from national accounts customers, which typically have lower gross profit margins by virtue of their scale and available business, have tended to grow faster than revenues from smaller customers. this factor has become more significant as revenues from onsite locations has grown in the mix. if our customer or product mix continues to change, our gross profit percentage may decline further. downward pressure on sales prices and changes in the volume of our orders could also cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline. we can experience downward pressure on sales prices as a result of deflation, pressure from customers to reduce costs, or increased competition. reductions in our volume of purchases can adversely impact gross profit by reducing supplier volume allowances. customer and product mix have contributed to the decline in our gross profit percentage over time, including in 2017 and 2016, and will likely continue to affect our gross profit percentage in 2018 and beyond. however, whether this adverse mix impact will result in a decline of our gross profit percentage in any given year will depend on the extent to which they are, or are not, offset by positive impacts to gross profit margin during such year.
our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. over time, we have generally experienced an increase in our operating and administrative expenses, including costs related to payroll, occupancy, freight, and information technology, among others, as our net sales have grown. however, historically, a portion of these expenses has not increased at the same rates as net sales, allowing us to leverage our growth and sustain or expand our operating profit margins. there are various scenarios where we may not be able to continue to achieve this leverage as we have been able to do in the past. for instance, it is typical that when demand declines, most commonly from cyclical factors (though it could be due to customer losses or some other company-specific event), our operating and administrative expenses do not fall as quickly as net sales. it is also possible that in the future we will elect to make investments in operating and administrative expenses that would result in costs growing faster than net sales. in addition, market variables, such as labor rates, energy costs, and legal costs, could move in such a way as to cause us to not be able to manage our operating and administrative expenses in a way that would enable us to leverage our revenue growth into higher net earnings. should any of these scenarios, or a combination of them, occur in the future, it is possible that our operating and pre-tax profit margins could decline even if we are able to grow revenue.
our competitive advantage in our industrial vending business could be eliminated and the loss of key suppliers of equipment and services for that business could be disruptive and could result in failure to deploy devices. we believe we have a competitive advantage in industrial vending due to our vending hardware and software, our local branch presence (allowing us to service devices more rapidly), our 'vendible' product depth, and in north america, our distribution strength. these advantages have developed over time; however, other competitors could respond to our expanding industrial vending business with highly competitive platforms of their own. such competition could negatively impact our ability to expand our industrial vending business or negatively impact the economics of that business. in addition, we currently rely on a limited number of suppliers for the vending devices used in, and certain software and services needed to operate, our industrial vending business. while these devices, software, and services can be obtained from other sources, loss of our current suppliers could be disruptive and could result in us failing to meet our goals related to the number of devices we are able to deploy in the next twelve to eighteen months.
the ability to identify new products and product lines, and integrate them into our selling locations and distribution network, may impact our ability to compete and our sales and profit margins. our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers' needs. we may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete or trends in new products. in addition, our ability to integrate new products and product lines into our branches and distribution network could impact sales and profit margins.
our ability to successfully attract and retain qualified personnel to staff our selling locations could impact labor costs, sales at existing selling locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, including inside and outside branch associates, onsite managers, and national account sales representatives, who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to adequately represent this culture to our customers. qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these positions may be in short supply in some areas, and the turnover rate in the industry is high. if we are unable to hire and retain personnel capable of consistently providing a high level of customer service, as demonstrated by their enthusiasm for our culture and product knowledge, our sales could be materially adversely affected. additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages to attract a sufficient number of employees. an inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may also delay the planned openings of new branches and planned expansion of our other selling channels.
our inability to attract or transition key executive officers may divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership and adversely impact our existing operations. our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. in the event of voluntary or involuntary vacancies in our executive team in the future, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight and/or leadership of our business will depend on our ability to either transition internal, talented individuals or recruit suitable replacements to serve in these roles. in addition, difficulties in smoothly implementing any transition to new members of our executive team, or recruiting suitable replacements, could divert the attention of other members of our senior leadership team from our existing operations.
we may not be able to compete effectively against traditional or non-traditional competitors, which could cause us to lose market share or erode our operating income. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry, although slowly consolidating, still remains a large, fragmented, and highly competitive industry. our current or future competitors may include companies with similar or greater market presence, name recognition, and financial, marketing, technological, and other resources, and we believe they will continue to challenge us with their product selection, financial resources, technological advancements, and services. increased competition from brick and mortar retailers in markets in which we have in-market locations or from on-line retailers (particularly those major internet providers who can offer a wide range of products and rapid delivery), and the adoption by competitors of aggressive pricing strategies and sales methods, could cause us to lose market share or reduce our prices or increase our spending, thus eroding our operating income.
interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. the proper functioning of our information systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. although our information systems are protected with robust backup systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access, telecommunication failures, and other problems. in addition, certain software used by us is licensed from, and certain services related to our information systems are provided by, third parties who could choose to discontinue their relationship with us. if critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data could be adversely affected.
in the event of a cyber security incident, we could experience certain operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. the nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information that our customers provide
to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. while we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons. we develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent this from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. consequently, despite our efforts, the possibility of cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. while we also seek to obtain assurances that third parties we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by third parties may be compromised. if a compromise of our data security were to occur, it could interrupt our operations, subject us to additional legal, regulatory, and operating costs, and damage our reputation in the marketplace.
if we experience a loss related to our information systems or are unable to maintain or upgrade our information systems, or convert to alternate systems, in a timely and efficient manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient. we depend on information systems for many aspects of our business and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. we could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain, and expand our information systems. difficulties resulting from the transition of our industrial vending hosting services could also be disruptive to the success of our efforts to grow our industrial vending presence. the success of our growth drivers is dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them. extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth drivers could delay the achievement of our goals regarding these growth drivers.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations in every jurisdiction where we operate. compliance with these laws and regulations increases the cost of doing business and failure to comply could result in the imposition of fines or penalties and the termination of contracts. we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations including without limitation; import and export requirements, anti-bribery and corruption laws, tax laws (including u.s. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), product compliance laws, environmental laws, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, advertising regulations, data privacy and cyber security requirements, regulations on suppliers regarding the sources of supplies or products, labor and employment laws, and anti-competition regulations. in particular, our future effective tax rates could be affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates, or changes in tax laws or the interpretation thereof. in addition, notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate included in the recently enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and jobs act (the 'tax act'), the overall impact of the tax act on our future financial results is subject to uncertainties and our financial results could be adversely impacted by certain other aspects of the tax act, including one-time taxes on accumulated offshore earnings, requiring a current inclusion in u.s. federal income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations, allowing a domestic corporation an immediate deduction in u.s. taxable income for a portion of its foreign-derived intangible income, and the base erosion anti-abuse tax. these factors could result in our 2018 provisional income tax expense booking rate to differ from our expectations. in addition, as a supplier to federal, state, and local government agencies, we must comply with certain laws and regulations relating specifically to the formation, administration, and performance of our governmental contracts. we are also subject to governmental audits and inquiries in the normal course of business. ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business, and such costs may increase in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation. while we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations, or our policies. any such violations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, damage to our reputation, and, in the case of laws and regulations relating specifically to governmental contracts, the loss of those contracts.
we may not be successful in integrating acquisitions and achieving intended benefits and synergies. we have completed several acquisitions of businesses in recent years. we expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will either expand or complement our business in new or existing markets or further enhance the value and offerings we are able to provide to our existing or future potential customers. acquisitions involve numerous risks and challenges, including, among others, a risk of potential loss of key employees of an acquired business, inability to achieve identified operating and financial synergies anticipated to result from an acquisition, diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues, and risks related to the integration of the acquired business including unanticipated changes in our business, our industry, or general economic conditions that affect the assumptions underlying the acquisition. any one or more of these factors could cause us to not realize the benefits anticipated to result from the acquisitions.
industry and general economic risks a downturn in the economy or in the principal markets served by us and other factors may affect customer spending, which could harm our operating results. in general, our sales represent spending on discretionary items or consumption needs by our customers. this spending is affected by many factors, including, among others:
•   general business conditions,
•   business conditions in our principal markets,
•   liquidity in credit markets,
•   weather conditions, and
a downturn in either the national or local economy where we operate, or in the principal markets served by us, or changes in any of the other factors described above, could negatively impact sales at our in-market locations, sales through our other selling channels, and the level of profitability of those in-market locations and other selling channels.
this risk was demonstrated in 2015 and 2016. we have significant exposure to companies involved in the manufacture of capital goods and heavy equipment. in 2015, our business was impacted by lower commodity prices, including oil, lower corporate capital spending, and a strong u.s. dollar. these variables resulted in some of our customers exhibiting a reduced level of business activity and confidence. when this happens, these customers tend to cut back on spending which yields a slowdown in our business with these customers. these same dynamics carried into 2016. in 2017, these conditions mostly reversed. certain commodity prices recovered and corporate investment improved, leading to better capital spending trends among our customers. this improvement in customer spending helped to improve our net sales and sales growth.
products manufactured in foreign countries may cease to be available, which could adversely affect our inventory levels and operating results. we obtain certain of our products, and our suppliers obtain certain of their products, from china, taiwan, south korea, mexico, and other foreign countries. our suppliers could discontinue selling products manufactured in foreign countries at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or our suppliers' control, including foreign government regulations, domestic government regulations, political unrest, war, disruption or delays in shipments, changes in local economic conditions, or trade issues. additionally, the shipment of goods from foreign countries could be delayed by container shipping companies encountering financial or other difficulties. our operating results and inventory levels could suffer if we are unable to promptly replace a supplier or shipper who is unwilling or unable to satisfy our requirements with another supplier or shipper providing equally appealing products and services.
new trade policies could make sourcing product from overseas more difficult and/or more costly. we source a significant amount of the products we sell from outside of the united states, primarily asia. this sourcing is both direct (through our wholly-owned, asia-based subsidiary, fastco trading co., ltd.) and indirect (from suppliers that themselves procure product from international sources). considerable political uncertainty in the united states may result in changes to trade policies that may affect our sourcing operations. should this occur, it may be difficult in light of the significant structural investments made over time and the absence of significant domestic fastener production for us to adjust our capabilities to any new policies in the short term, which could increase the difficulty and/or cost of sourcing products. such changes could adversely affect our ability to secure sufficient product to service our customers and/or adversely affect our cost of operating in a way that hurts our financial results.
changes in energy costs and the cost of raw materials used in our products could impact our net sales, cost of sales, gross profit percentage, distribution expenses, and occupancy expenses, which may result in lower operating income. costs of raw materials used in our products (e.g., steel) and energy costs have fluctuated during the last several years. increases in these costs result in increased production costs for our suppliers. these suppliers typically look to pass their increased costs along to us through price increases. the fuel costs of our distribution and branch operations have fluctuated as well. while we typically try to pass increased supplier prices and fuel costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact, we may not be successful, particularly if supplier prices or fuel costs rise rapidly. failure to fully pass any such increased prices and costs through to our customers or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact would have an adverse effect on our operating income. while increases in the cost of fuel or raw materials could be damaging to us, decreases in those costs, particularly if severe, could also adversely impact us by creating deflation in selling prices, which could cause our gross profit
new trade policies could have an adverse impact on industries we sell into, negatively affecting our net sales and profits. considerable political uncertainty in the united states may result in changes to trade policies that could create disruption in geographic demand trends. to the extent that the united states government enacts tariffs or taxes that penalize imports to benefit domestic manufacturing, we may improve our domestic sales which may have an overall positive impact on us given that 88% of our total revenue is derived from the united states. however, any such action may adversely impact our foreign sales, which may, in turn, adversely impact our ability to expand our overseas branches in the future. in addition, should a foreign government engage in its own trade protection, independent of or in response to another nation's action, it could have a negative direct or, more likely, indirect effect on our net sales and profits by reducing demand for exports by united states companies. it is difficult to know in advance what the net effect of such actions will be on companies such as ours, but it is possible that such changes could adversely affect our financial results.
the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry is consolidating, which could cause it to become more competitive and could negatively impact our market share, gross profit, and operating income. the industrial, construction, and maintenance supply industry in north america is consolidating. this consolidation is being driven by customer needs and supplier capabilities, which could cause the industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by suppliers, or as competitors with new business models are willing and able to operate with lower gross profit on select products. customers are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. we believe these customer needs could result in fewer suppliers as the remaining suppliers become larger and capable of being a consistent source of supply.
there can be no assurance we will be able in the future to take advantage effectively of the trend toward consolidation. the trend in our industry toward consolidation could make it more difficult for us to maintain our current gross profit and operating income. furthermore, as our industrial customers face increased foreign competition, and potentially lose business to foreign competitors or shift their operations overseas in an effort to reduce expenses, we may face increased difficulty in growing and maintaining our market share.
inclement weather and other disruptions to the transportation network could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. our ability to provide efficient distribution of core business products to our branch network is an integral component of our overall business strategy. disruptions at distribution centers or shipping ports may affect our ability to both maintain core products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, severe weather conditions could adversely affect demand for our products in particularly hard hit regions. in august and september 2017, we experienced temporary disruptions in our distribution network in our gulf coast, florida, georgia, and puerto rico regions due to hurricanes harvey, irma, and maria. these storms adversely impacted our product demand and revenues, as well as our gross and operating profit percentages, due to an increase in demand for storm-related products which have a lower gross profit margin, and inefficiencies in delivery services in the immediate aftermath of the storms.
our current estimates of total market potential as well as the market potential of our business strategies could be incorrect. we believe we have a significant opportunity for growth based on our belief that north american market demand for the products we sell is estimated to exceed $140 billion. this figure is not derived from an independent organization or data source that aggregates and publishes widely agreed-upon demand and market share statistics. instead, we have identified this figure based on our own experience in the marketplace for our products and by evaluating estimates from other sources. if we have overestimated the size of our market, and in doing so, underestimated our current share of it, the size of our opportunity for growth may not be as significant as we currently believe. similarly, we have provided estimates of the opportunities we have with some of our specific growth strategies, such as industrial vending and onsite locations. we believe the potential market opportunity for industrial vending is approximately 1.7 million devices and we have identified over 15,000 customer locations with the potential to implement our onsite service model. similar to the case for total market size, we use our own experience and data to arrive at the size of these potential opportunities and not independent sources. these estimates are based on our business model today, and the introduction or expansion of other business strategies, such as on-line retailing, could cause them to change. in addition, the market potential of a particular business strategy may vary from expectations due to a change in the marketplace (such as changes in customer concentration or needs), a change in the nature of that business strategy, or weaker than anticipated acceptance by customers of that business strategy. we cannot guarantee that our market potential estimates are accurate or that we will ultimately decide to expand our industrial vending or onsite service models to reach the full market opportunity.
impact our ability to procure products overseas at competitive prices and our foreign sales. historically, our primary exchange rate exposure has been with the canadian dollar.
tight credit markets could impact our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or increase the cost of existing or future financing and interest rate fluctuations could adversely impact our results. as of december 31, 2017, we had $415.0 of outstanding debt obligations, including loans outstanding under our revolving credit facility (the 'credit facility') of $280.0 and senior unsecured promissory notes issued under our master note agreement (the 'master note agreement') in the aggregate principal amount of $135.0. loans under the credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum based on the london interbank offered rate ('libor') and mature on march 10, 2020. the notes issued under our master note agreement consist of three series. the first is in an aggregate principal amount of $40.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.00% per annum, and is due and payable on july 20, 2021. the second is in an aggregate principal amount of $35.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.45% per annum, and is due and payable on july 20, 2022. the third is in an aggregate principal amount of $60.0, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.22% per annum, and is due and payable on march 1, 2024. our aggregate borrowing capacity under the credit facility is $700.0. our aggregate borrowing capacity under the master note agreement is $200.0; however, none of the institutional investors party to that agreement are committed to purchase notes thereunder.
during periods of volatility and disruption in the united states credit markets, financing may become more costly and more difficult to obtain. although the credit market turmoil of 2008 and 2009 did not have a significant adverse impact on our liquidity or borrowing costs given our low level of indebtedness at that time, the availability of funds tightened and credit spreads on corporate debt increased. our indebtedness has increased since 2009 and we have the capacity under our credit facility and master note agreement to increase borrowings in the future. if credit market volatility were to return or if interest rates rise, the cost of servicing our existing debt could increase due to the libor-based interest rate provided for under our credit facility. in addition, borrowing additional amounts to finance stock purchases, dividends, capital expenditures, and other liquidity needs or to refinance our existing indebtedness could be difficult and the cost of doing so could be high.
for more information relating to borrowing and interest rates, see the following sections below: liquidity and capital resources - debt under the heading 'item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations', 'item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risks', and note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
investment risk there can be no assurance that our stock price will continue to reflect the current multiple of earnings over time. stock prices, including ours, are commonly thought to be a function of earnings multiplied by a multiple. historically, investors have given our earnings a higher multiple, or premium, than is typical of the broader industrial sector of which we are typically associated. we believe we have earned this premium by virtue of a long history of superior growth, profitability, and returns. however, to the extent that we fail to successfully execute our growth strategies and/or poorly navigate the risks that surround our business, including those described throughout this section, or to the extent our industry (industrial distribution, or industrial stocks in general) loses favor in the marketplace, there can be no assurance that investors will continue to afford a premium multiple to our earnings which could adversely affect our stock price.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our share purchase program. although our board of directors has historically authorized the payment of quarterly cash dividends on our common stock and indicated an intention to do so in the future, there are no assurances that we will continue to pay dividends in the future or continue to increase dividends at historic rates. in addition, although our board of directors has authorized share purchase programs and we purchased shares in 2017, 2016, and prior years through these programs, we may discontinue doing so at any time. any decision to continue to pay quarterly dividends on our common stock, to increase those dividends, or to purchase our common stock in the future will be based upon our financial condition and results of operations, the price of our common stock, credit conditions, and such other factors as are deemed relevant by our board of directors.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is management's discussion and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
business and operational overview fastenal is a north american leader in the wholesale distribution of industrial and construction supplies. we distribute these supplies through a network of approximately 3,000 in-market locations. most of our customers are in the manufacturing and non-residential construction markets. the manufacturing market includes both original equipment manufacturers (oem) and maintenance, repair, and operations (mro). the non-residential construction market includes general, electrical, plumbing, sheet metal, and road contractors. other users of our product include farmers, truckers, railroads, oil exploration, production and refinement companies, mining companies, federal, state, and local governmental entities, schools, and certain retail trades. geographically, our branches and customers are primarily located in north america.
it is helpful to appreciate several aspects of our marketplace: (1) it's big, the north american marketplace for industrial supplies is estimated to be in excess of $140 billion per year (and we have expanded beyond north america) and no company has a significant portion of this market. (2) many of the products we sell are individually inexpensive, but the cost and time to manage, procure, and transport these products can be quite meaningful. (3) purchasing professionals often expend disproportionate effort managing the high sku count of low-volume, low value mro supplies which is better allocated to their higher volume, higher value oem supplies. (4) many customers prefer to reduce their number of suppliers to simplify their business, while also utilizing various technologies and models (including our local branches when they need something quickly or unexpectedly) to improve availability and reduce waste. (5) we believe the markets are efficient. to us, this means we can grow our market share if we provide the greatest value to our customer.
our approach to addressing these aspects of our marketplace is captured in our motto growth through customer service. the concept of growth is simple: find more customers every day and increase our activity with them. however, execution is hard work. first, we recruit service-minded individuals to support our customers and their business. second, we operate in a decentralized fashion to help identify the greatest value for our customers. third, we have a great team behind our customer-facing resources to operate efficiently and to help identify new business solutions. fourth, we strive to generate strong profits, which produce the cash flow necessary to fund our growth and to support the needs of our customers. lastly, we identify drivers that allow us to get closer to our customers and gain market share.
we believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact. at one point, the closest economic point of contact was the local branch. today, in some cases, we have moved the branch inside the customer's facility. we also are frequently positioned right at the point of consumption within customers' facilities through our industrial vending or fmi capabilities. therefore, our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles. by doing these things every day, fastenal remains a growth-centric organization.
executive overview net sales increased $428.5, or 10.8%, in 2017 relative to 2016. our gross profit as a percentage of net sales declined to 49.3% in 2017 from 49.6% in 2016. our operating income as a percentage of net sales in 2017 was comparable to 2016 at 20.1% in both years.
we recorded a provisional income tax expense of $294.5 in 2017, or 33.7% of earnings before income taxes. this amount reflects an estimated reduction in our deferred income tax liabilities of $30.8 as a result of the income tax rate decrease included in the tax act, offset by an estimated increase in income tax payable in the amount of $6.5 as a result of the transition tax on cash and cash equivalent balances related to accumulated earnings associated with our international operations, also included in the tax act. absent the impact of the tax act, our income tax expense for 2017 would have been approximately $318.8, or 36.5% of earnings before income taxes. income tax expense was $290.3 in 2016, or 36.8% of earnings before income taxes.
our net earnings in 2017 were $578.6, an increase of 15.8% when compared to 2016. our diluted net earnings per share were $2.01 in 2017 compared to $1.73 in 2016. if we excluded the discrete items that benefited our income tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2017 (primarily related to the impact of the tax act), our net earnings in the period would have been approximately $554.2, an increase of 11.0% when compared to 2016, and our diluted net earnings per share would have been $1.92.
we continued to focus on our growth drivers in 2017. we signed 168 new national account contracts (defined as new customer accounts with a multi-site contract). additionally, we signed 270 new onsite customer locations (defined as dedicated sales and service provided from within, or in close proximity to, the customer's facility) and 19,355 new industrial vending devices.
the table below summarizes our in-market location employee count and our total employee count at the end of the periods presented, and changes in that count from the end of the prior periods to the end of the most recent period. the final four items below summarize our cumulative investments in branch locations, onsite locations, total in-market locations, and industrial vending devices.
number of active onsite locations                                 605         401                          50.9            %
(1) 'in-market locations' is defined as the sum of the total number of public branch locations and the total number of active onsite locations.
during the last twelve months, we increased our headcount by 458 people in our in-market locations and 941 people in total. our total headcount at the end of 2017 includes 127 people related to our mansco acquisition. the remaining increase is mostly a function of additions we have made to support customer growth in the field as well as investments in our growth drivers.
we opened 18 branches and closed 130 branches in 2017. additionally, eight branches were converted from public branches to non-public locations. our branch network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close branches as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network and support our growth drivers.
gross profit                                                   49.3   %        49.6   %        50.4   %
net sales note - daily sales are defined as the total net sales for the period divided by the number of business days (in the united states) in the period.
daily sales impact of acquisitions       1.0   %            0.6   %            0.2   %
the increases in net sales in the periods noted above for 2017, 2016, and 2015 were driven primarily by higher unit sales. price was not a material factor in the periods presented.
the higher unit sales in 2017 resulted primarily from two sources. the first is improvement in underlying market demand. we believe the improvement in general business activity is reflected in a number of metrics. for instance, the purchasing managers index, published by the institute for supply chain management, averaged 57.0, 55.8, 58.6, and 58.9 in the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2017, respectively, well above 49.8, 51.8, 51.2, and 53.3 in the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2016, respectively. readings above 50 are indicative of growing demand, and we believe this favorably influenced our unit sales. daily sales of fasteners, our most cyclical product line, grew 8.4% in 2017. we also experienced growth in sales to 79 of our top 100 customers in 2017, which compares to growth in sales to 50 of our top 100 customers in 2016. as business conditions strengthen, they tend to lift our net sales growth rates as well.
the second source is success within our growth initiatives. we signed 19,355 industrial vending devices during 2017, an increase of 7.2% over 2016. in addition to an increase in our installed base, we were also more efficient with the existing base, resulting in a modest increase in average sales per device, and we decreased our device removals by 3.8%. combined sales through our vending devices accelerated throughout 2017, finishing with growth in the high teens. we signed 270 new onsite locations in 2017 and had 605 active sites on december 31, 2017, an increase of 50.9% over december 31, 2016. we signed 168 new national account contracts in 2017. the contribution of these new contracts and strong penetration of existing national account customers resulted in daily sales from our national account customers growing 14.5% in 2017 compared to 2016.
in 2016, we saw relative weakness from non-residential construction and heavy manufacturing customers and in demand for our fastener products, speaking to the sustained softness in heavy and general industrial markets. business with our largest customers was also relatively weak, with sales to our top 100 customers rising modestly in the first half of 2016 and falling modestly in the second half of 2016. while these trends were representative of conditions in the united states and canada, total sales outside of these geographic areas were relatively strong and improved over the course of 2016.
during 2015, our business weakened compared to 2014. this initially involved customers tied to the oil and gas sector, but expanded during the course of the year to include customers across additional industries and in geographic areas not typically associated with the oil and gas sector. november and especially december experienced a greater frequency and duration of customer plant shutdowns than is typical of these holiday-affected periods.
net sales in 2016 and 2015 were also impacted by slight inflationary price changes in our non-fastener products and some price deflation in our fastener products, with the net impact being a slight drag on growth.
the decrease in our fastener sales as a percentage of total sales arises from two factors. first, we believe non-fastener products represent a larger market opportunity than fasteners, and that we are relatively under-represented in this market. over time, this
has led to faster growth in the non-fastener product lines, a trend amplified by the growth of our industrial vending program through which we sell primarily non-fastener products. we believe this factor impacted each year shown and will continue to promote a lower mix of fasteners in our total sales over time. second, a weak industrial production environment, has a disproportionately negative effect on fastener sales relative to non-fastener sales (which relates more to plant operations than production). this weakness is more of a cyclical factor than a structural one, and as such was relevant in 2015 and 2016, but not in 2017 when a better economic environment at least partially mitigated the first factor discussed.
annual sales changes, sequential trends, and end market performance this section focuses on three distinct views of our business - annual sales changes by month, sequential trends, and end market performance. the first discussion regarding sales changes by month provides a good mechanical view of our business. the second discussion provides a framework for understanding the sequential trends (that is, comparing a month to the immediately preceding month, and also looking at the cumulative change from an earlier benchmark month) in our business. finally, we believe the third discussion regarding end market performance provides insight into activities with our various types of customers.
sequential trends we find it helpful to think about the monthly sequential changes in our business using the analogy of climbing a stairway - this stairway has several predictable landings where there is a pause in the sequential gain (i.e. april, july, and october to december), but generally speaking, climbs from january to october. the october landing then establishes the benchmark for the start of the next year.
history has identified these landings in our business cycle. they generally relate to months where certain holidays impair business days and/or seasons impact certain end markets, particularly non-residential construction. the first landing centers on easter and the good friday holiday that precedes it, which alternates between march and april (good friday occurred in april 2017, in march 2016, in april 2015, and in 2018, will fall in march), the second landing centers on july 4th, and the third landing centers on the approach of winter with its seasonal impact on primarily our non-residential construction business and with the christmas/new year holidays. the holidays we noted impact the trends because they either move from month-to-month or because they move around during the week (the july 4th and christmas/new year holiday impacts are examples of the latter).
it is important to note that these benchmarks are historical averages. in a year where demand is strong, our daily sales growth rates will tend to have more months that exceed the benchmark than fall below it. in a year where demand is weak, we will tend to have more months that fall short of the benchmark than exceed it. in both cases, there is a random element that makes it difficult to know how any single month will perform.
a graph of the sequential daily sales change patterns discussed above, starting with a base of '100' in the previous october and ending with the next october, would be as follows:
end market performance the sequential trends noted above were directly linked to fluctuations in our end markets. to place this in perspective - we estimate approximately 65% of our business has historically been with customers engaged in some type of manufacturing, a significant subset of which finds its way into the heavy equipment market. the daily sales growth rates to these manufacturing customers, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows(1):
our manufacturing business consists of two subsets: the industrial production business (this is business where we supply products that become part of the finished goods produced by our customers and is sometimes referred to as oem - original equipment manufacturing) and the maintenance portion (this is business where we supply products that maintain the facility or the equipment of our customers engaged in manufacturing and is sometimes referred to as mro - maintenance, repair, and operations). the industrial business is more fastener centered, while the maintenance portion is represented by all product categories.
the best way to understand the change in our industrial production business is to examine the results in our fastener product line (35% to 40% of our business) which is heavily influenced by changes in our business with heavy equipment manufacturers. from a company perspective, daily sales growth rates of fasteners, when compared to the same period in the prior year, were as follows (note: this information includes all end markets):
our non-residential construction and reseller business is heavily influenced by the industrial economy, particularly the energy sector. the volatility and weakness of energy prices weakened this business, particularly beginning in the second quarter of
2015 and throughout 2016. in 2017, improvements in energy sector metrics, including oil prices, as well as an improving outlook for industrial capital spending contributed to an improvement in growth for these end markets.
gross profit the gross profit percentage during each period was as follows:
our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, was 49.3% in 2017 and 49.6% in 2016. the gross profit percentage for 2017 declined by 30 basis points due to two elements of mix. the first was a change in product and customer mix. fasteners are our largest product line and our highest gross profit margin product line due to the high transaction cost surrounding the sourcing and supply of the product for customers. as a result, the decline in our fastener product line to 35.6% of sales in 2017 from 36.6% of sales in 2016 contributed to the decline in our gross profit margin. this effect was exacerbated by relative growth in the period from sales of our oem fasteners, which tend to have a lower gross profit margin than our mro fasteners. larger customers (for which national accounts are a good proxy), whose more focused buying patterns allow us to offer them better pricing, also influence the gross profit margin. sales to our national account customers increased to 48.7% in 2017 from 47.4% of sales in 2016, which contributed to the decline in our gross profit margin. the combination of relatively slower growth in our fastener product line and relatively faster growth in sales to our largest customers explains the decline in our overall gross profit margin in 2017. the second element of mix was driven by the acquisition of mansco. mansco's customer mix is more heavily oriented toward larger customers and its product mix tends to carry a lower gross profit product mix than the company's other products.
during 2016 and 2015, our gross profit, as a percentage of net sales, decreased when compared to the prior year. in each year, the decrease was primarily caused by changes in product and customer mix.
employee-related expenses include: (1) payroll (which includes cash compensation, stock option expense, and profit sharing), (2) health care, (3) personnel development, and (4) social taxes. our employee-related expenses increased in 2017. this was related to: (1) an increase in full-time equivalent ('fte') headcount related to efforts to support growth in our business, (2) higher performance bonuses and commissions due to growth in net sales and net earnings, as well as regulatory driven incremental compensation, (3) an increase in our profit sharing contribution and option awards, (4) increased health care costs, and (5) the inclusion of mansco personnel. the increase in 2016, when compared to 2015, was caused by increases in average annual fte headcount and an increase in health care costs, which were partially offset by a contraction in our performance bonuses and commissions and in our profit sharing contribution, primarily due to lower sales growth, gross profit, and operating income (both on a dollar basis and on a relative basis). the slight increase in 2015, when compared to 2014, was caused by increases in full-time equivalent headcount and growth in our profit sharing contribution, primarily due to our expanding growth in operating income. offsetting factors included lower performance bonuses and commissions due to the decrease in our gross profit percentage, and a focused reduction in overtime hours paid.
occupancy-related expenses include: (1) building rent and depreciation, (2) building utility costs, (3) equipment related to our branches and distribution locations, and (4) industrial vending equipment (we consider the vending equipment, excluding leased locker equipment, to be a logical extension of our branch operation and classify the depreciation and repair costs as occupancy expense). the slight increase in occupancy-related expenses in 2017, when compared to 2016, was mainly driven by increases in costs related to industrial vending equipment, fmi bins, and automation equipment at our distribution centers. the most significant components of our occupancy-related expenses, facility costs and utility expenses, were mostly flat in 2017, when compared to 2016 due to a reduction in our number of public branches. the increase in 2016, when compared to 2015, was mainly driven by an increase in the amount of industrial vending equipment and an increase in occupancy expense related to rent. the largest impact came from the industrial vending equipment. the increase in 2015, when compared to 2014, was driven by an increase in the amount of industrial vending equipment and an increased investment in our distribution infrastructure over the previous several years, primarily related to automation.
the last several years have seen some variation in the cost of diesel fuel and gasoline. during the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2017, our total vehicle fuel costs were approximately $8.9, $9.0, $8.5, and $9.7, respectively. during the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of 2016, our total vehicle fuel costs were approximately $6.4, $8.2, $8.3, and $8.0, respectively. the fluctuations were a result of: (1) variations in fuel costs, (2) the service levels provided to our in-market locations from our distribution centers, (3) the number of vehicles at our branch locations, (4) the number of other sales centered vehicles as a result of the expansion of our sales force, and (5) changes in driving conditions. these fuel costs include the fuel utilized in our distribution vehicles (semi-tractors, straight trucks, and sprinter trucks) which is recorded in cost of sales and the fuel utilized in our branch delivery and other sales centered vehicles which is included in operating and administrative expenses (the split in the last several years has been approximately 50/50 between distribution and branch and other sales centered use).
in 2017, aside from these larger impacts, our operating and administrative expenses were also affected by increases in spending on information technology, incremental operating expenses, including amortization, related to our acquisition of mansco, and the absence of supplier marketing incentives that existed in the first nine months of 2016 as part of our csp 16 initiative.
income taxes we recorded a provisional income tax expense of $294.5 in 2017, or 33.7% of earnings before income taxes. this amount reflects an estimated reduction in our deferred income tax liabilities of $30.8 as a result of the income tax rate decrease included in the tax act, partially offset by an estimated increase in income tax payable in the amount of $6.5 as a result of the transition tax on cash and cash equivalent balances related to accumulated earnings associated with our international
operations, also included in the tax act. absent the impact of the tax act, our income tax expense for 2017 would have been approximately $318.8, or 36.5% of earnings before income taxes. the decrease in our income tax rate from 2016 to 2017 was also related to changes in our reserve for uncertain tax positions and the adoption of the financial accounting standards board ('fasb') accounting standard update ('asu') 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, in the first quarter of 2017. this standard addresses accounting for excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation that were previously recorded in additional paid-in capital on the balance sheet and are now recognized in income tax expense on the consolidated statement of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2017. a more detailed description of the adoption of asu 2016-09 is included in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes, as a percentage of earnings before income taxes, were approximately 36.8% and 37.5% for 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in our income tax rate from 2015 to 2016 was caused by a slight change in jurisdictional income and changes in the reserve for uncertain tax positions. as our international business and profits grew the past several years, the lower income tax rates in those jurisdictions, relative to the united states, lowered our effective tax rate.
during 2017, net earnings increased, primarily due to stronger sales and operating profits combined with a reduction in income tax expense. the slightly higher increase in basic and diluted earnings per share was primarily due to the purchase of our shares of common stock in 2017. during 2016, net earnings decreased, despite our nominal sales growth, primarily due to the reduction in the gross profit percent realized and an increase in operating and administrative expenses. the contraction of basic and diluted earnings per share was smaller due primarily to the purchase of our shares of common stock in 2015 and early 2016. during 2015, the net earnings increase was greater than that of sales primarily due to the effective management of operating expenses.
liquidity and capital resources net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
in 2017, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to our net earnings growth. the decline in our operating cash flow as a percentage of net earnings largely reflects working capital trends, and specifically accounts receivable as further described below. in 2016, the slight contraction in the net cash provided by operating activities was driven by our current initiative to add additional products into branch inventory under our csp 16 format, and an increase in net accounts receivable growth. this decrease was partially offset by a reduction in net cash paid for income taxes. in 2015, the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was driven by growth in net earnings, and a decrease in the cash required
to fund our net working capital, which includes accounts receivable and inventory changes. this was partially offset by an increase in cash paid for income taxes.
operational working capital operational working capital, which we define as accounts receivable, net and inventories, is highlighted below. the annual dollar change and the annual percentage change were as follows:
operational working capital      $208.1         111.1
operational working capital        13.9   %       8.0   %
in 2017, the annual growth in net accounts receivable reflects accelerating growth in sales throughout the course of the year combined with relatively stronger growth of our national accounts and international business. growth in accounts receivable continued in the fourth quarter of 2017, with the timing of the christmas and new year holidays affecting the timing of these customers' payments. currency fluctuations also impacted accounts receivable in 2017. in 2016, the annual growth in net accounts receivables outpaced the growth in sales. this was not the case through the third quarter, and was mostly a function of conditions in the fourth quarter of 2016. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we collected receivables from our seasonally stronger third quarter, but because demand fell off surprisingly sharply in november and december, our fourth quarter receivables were unseasonably low. in the fourth quarter of 2016, by contrast, we collected receivables from our seasonally stronger third quarter, but because demand was more closely in line with seasonal norms, our receivables in the period were similarly more normal. over a longer period of time, if we continue to see relatively strong growth in our international business and of our large customer accounts it could continue to create difficulty in managing the growth of accounts receivables relative to the growth in net sales.
our growth in inventory balances over time does not have as direct a relationship to our monthly sales patterns as does our growth in accounts receivable. this is impacted by other aspects of our business. for example, the dramatic economic slowdown in late 2008 and early 2009 caused our inventory to spike. this occurred because the lead time for inventory procurement is typically longer than the visibility we have into future monthly sales patterns. over the last decade, we increased our relative inventory levels due to the following: (1) new branch openings, (2) expanded stocking breadth at distribution centers (for example, our master stocking hub in indianapolis expanded its product breadth over six fold from 2005 to 2011), (3) expanded direct sourcing, (4) expanded fastenal brands, (5) expanded industrial vending solutions, (6) national accounts and onsite growth, (7) international growth, and (8) expanded stocking breadth at individual branches related to our csp initiatives. all of these items impacted both 2017 and 2016, though new branch openings have taken on a significantly diminished role. however, in 2017, the most significant contributor to the increase in inventories was improving business activity and the growth of our onsite business. in 2016, the most significant contributors to the increase in inventories were the impact of infusing incremental inventory into our network beginning at the end of 2015 as part of our csp 16 initiative, the relative growth of international sales, the growth of our onsite business, and opportunist product purchases at year-end. absent the opportunistic product purchases at year-end, growth in inventories would have moderated substantially from earlier in the year, reflecting the stabilizing of csp 16 inventories.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the changes in net cash used in investing activities were primarily related to changes in our net capital expenditures as discussed below and cash paid for acquisitions in 2017 and 2015.
net capital expenditures (purchases of property and equipment, less proceeds from the sale of property and equipment) in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
net capital expenditures      $112.5         183.0         145.3
note - a reconciliation of net capital expenditures is outlined in the table below.
our net capital expenditures decreased in 2017, when compared to 2016, primarily due to lower spending in 2017 related to: (1) the absence of spending on vending equipment that occurred in 2016 related to the leased locker rollout, (2) the absence of spending on shelving and signage that occurred in 2016 for the csp 16 initiative, and (3) timing associated with the addition of pickup trucks. our net capital expenditures increased in 2016, when compared to 2015, which was primarily due to the purchase of industrial vending devices related to the leased locker program we signed in february 2016 and spending on automation in certain distribution centers. our net capital expenditures decreased in 2015, when compared to 2014, which was largely related to the completion of distribution center automation projects in process during 2014.
property and equipment expenditures in 2017, 2016, and 2015 consisted of: (1) the purchase of software and hardware for our information processing systems, (2) the addition of fleet vehicles, (3) the purchase of signage, shelving, and other fixed assets related to branch openings and our csp 16 initiative, (4) the addition of manufacturing and warehouse equipment, (5) the expansion or improvement of certain owned or leased branch properties, (6) purchases related to industrial vending, and (7) costs related to enhancements to distribution centers including automation systems equipment. disposals of property and equipment consisted of the planned disposition of certain pick-up trucks, distribution vehicles and trailers in the normal course of business, and the disposition of real estate relating to several branch locations and a distribution center (2015).
set forth below is an estimate of our 2018 net capital expenditures and a recap of our 2017, 2016, and 2015 net capital expenditures.
manufacturing, warehouse and packaging equipment, industrial vending equipment, and facilities         $87.0              66.2              131.8              112.5
net capital expenditures                                                                              $149.0             112.5              183.0              145.3
we anticipate funding our capital expenditure needs with cash generated from operations, from available cash and cash equivalents, and from our borrowing capacity.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in dollars and as a percentage of net earnings were as follows:
the fluctuations in net cash used in financing activities are due to changes in the level of our dividend payments and in the level of common stock purchases. these amounts were partially offset by the exercise of stock options and net proceeds from debt obligations. these items in dollars and as a percentage of earnings were as follows:
debt in order to fund the considerable cash needed to purchase industrial vending devices under our leased locker program, to expand our industrial vending business, to increase the use of automation in our distribution centers, to purchase our common stock and pay dividends, and to fund the acquisition of mansco on march 31, 2017, we have borrowed under our credit facility and our master note agreement in recent periods.
our borrowings under the credit facility peaked during each quarter of 2017 and 2016 as follows:
as of december 31, 2017, we had loans outstanding under the credit facility of $280.0 and contingent obligations from letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility in an aggregate face amount of $36.3. as of december 31, 2017, we also had
loans outstanding under the master note agreement of $135.0. descriptions of our credit facility and master note agreement are contained in note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
unremitted foreign earnings approximately $92.0 of cash and cash equivalents are held by non-u.s. subsidiaries. these funds may create foreign currency translation gains or losses depending on the functional currency of the entity holding the cash. we have considered the financial requirements of each foreign subsidiary and our parent company and will continue to reinvest these funds to support our expansion activities outside the u.s. even after taking into consideration the deemed repatriation and transition tax under the tax act. the income tax impact of repatriating cash associated with investments in foreign subsidiaries is discussed in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effects of inflation throughout 2017, we experienced increasing product cost inflation, particularly in our fastener products. we were able to take actions during the period, including pricing adjustments, to mostly offset this inflation. in the aggregate, the overall impact of inflation and pricing on sales and profits was not material in 2017. during the first half of 2016, we experienced some deflation in our fastener products, which was largely offset by some inflation in the latter half of the year, and minimal price movements in our non-fastener products. in 2015, we experienced some deflation in our fastener products and minimal price movements in our non-fastener products, with the net impact being a slight drag on growth.
critical accounting policies and estimates in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of relevant circumstances, historical experience, and actuarial valuations. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, or estimates. an accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. our critical accounting estimates include the following:
allowance for doubtful accounts - this reserve is for accounts receivable balances that are potentially uncollectible. the reserve is based on an analysis of customer accounts and our historical experience with accounts receivable write-offs. our methodology for estimating this reserve includes ongoing reviews of the aging of accounts receivable, the financial condition of a customer or industry, and general economic conditions. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
inventory obsolescence reserves - these reserves are based on an analysis of inventory trends including reviews of inventory levels, sales information, and the on-hand quantities relative to the sales history for the product. our methodology for estimating these reserves is continually evaluated for factors that could require changes to the reserves including significant changes in product demand, market conditions, condition of the inventory, or liquidation value. if business or economic conditions change, our estimates and assumptions may be adjusted as deemed appropriate. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
general insurance reserves - these reserves are for general claims related to workers' compensation, property and casualty losses, and other general liability self-insured losses. the reserves are based on an analysis of reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported related to our historical claim trends. we perform ongoing reviews of our insured and uninsured risks and use this information to establish appropriate reserve levels. we analyze historical trends, claims experience, and loss development patterns to ensure the appropriate loss development factors are applied to the incurred costs associated with the claims made. historically, actual required reserves have not varied materially from estimated amounts.
geographic information information regarding our revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area is contained in note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. risks related to our foreign operations are described earlier in this form 10-k under the heading 'forward-looking statements' and 'item 1a. risk factors'.
certain contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017, we had outstanding long-term debt and facilities, equipment, and vehicles leased under operating leases. our future obligations to pay principal of and interest on such long-term debt and to make minimum lease payments under such operating leases are as follows:
(1) interest on the long-term debt outstanding under our credit facility was calculated using the interest rates and balances at december 31, 2017.
purchase orders and contracts for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services are not included in the table above. our purchase orders are based on current distribution needs and are fulfilled by our suppliers within short time horizons. we do not have significant agreements for the purchase of inventory or other goods or services specifying minimum order quantities.
liabilities for uncertain tax positions have been excluded from the table above due to the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate settlement and timing of these liabilities. a discussion of income taxes is contained in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.