item 1a. risk factors.
we face many risks. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, we and our businesses, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. our current and potential investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" before deciding to invest in our securities.
operational risks our customers may shift from paper and tape storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space.
we derive most of our revenues from rental fees for the storage of physical records and computer backup tapes and from storage related services. alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than physical records and tapes, and as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may decline as the paper documents or tapes we store become less active and more archival. we can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most or a portion of their records as paper documents or as tapes, or that the paper documents or tapes they do store with us will require our storage related services at the same levels as they have in the past. a significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper or tape-based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses.
as stored records and tapes become less active our service revenue growth and profitability may decline.
our records management and data protection service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records and tapes are becoming less active. the amount of information available to customers through the internet or their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years, and we believe this trend continues to accelerate. as a result, while we continue to experience growth in storage rental, our customers are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records and rotate tapes, thereby reducing their service activity levels. at the same time many of our costs related to records and tape related services remain fixed. in addition, our reputation for providing secure information storage is critical to our success, and actions to manage cost structure, such as outsourcing certain transportation, security or other functions, could negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our business. ultimately, if we are unable to appropriately align our cost structure with decreased levels of service activity, our operating results could be adversely affected.
changes in customer behavior with respect to document destruction and pricing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
some customers have taken actions designed to reduce costs associated with the retention of documents, including reducing the volume of documents they store and adopting more aggressive destruction practices. if we are unable to increase pricing over time, or if rates of destruction of documents stored with us increase substantially, particularly in our developed and slower growing markets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. we may not be able to fully offset these costs through increases in our rates. incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, if we fail to protect our own information, including information about our employees, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation.
in reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all states in the united states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information is breached, and, over the past few years, many states expanded the scope of their data breach notifications laws and shortened notification timelines. some states in the united states have adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. in addition, certain united states federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in certain circumstances and require the adoption and maintenance of privacy and information security programs; our failure to comply with any such programs may adversely affect our business. continued governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action in the united states. for example, the united states congress has considered, and will likely consider again, legislation that would expand the federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields.
also, an increasing number of countries have introduced and/or increased enforcement of comprehensive data protection and privacy laws, or are expected to do so. in europe, regulation (eu) 2016/679 (commonly referred to as gdpr) on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data will come into effect in may 2018 and will supersede directive 95/46/ec, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. the new regulation will enhance the security and privacy obligations of entities, such as us, that process data of residents of members of the european economic area and substantially increase penalties for violations.
the continued emphasis on information security and compliance as well as increasing concerns about government surveillance may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to enhance security, store electronic data locally, and assume higher liability under our contracts. we have experienced incidents in which customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary costs to those customers for which we have provided reimbursement. as a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses.
in addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security or losses of information, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of security, accidental loss or theft of our own records, or information that we maintain with respect to our employees, as well as customer data in our possession. we believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
attacks on our internal it systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations.
our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. we have previously faced attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our it systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, our it and network infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error or other disruptions. moreover, our ability to integrate businesses we acquire may challenge our ability to prevent such security breaches. we have, and expect to continue to, outsource certain accounting, payroll it, human resource, facility management and back office support services to third parties, which may subject our it and other sensitive information to additional risk. a successful breach of the security of our it systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result in third party claims against us and reputational harm. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, we operated 1,316 records management, off-site data protection, data center and fine art storage facilities worldwide, including 627 in the united states. many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to our real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. some of these facilities contain fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications and current standards for new facilities, although we believe all of our facilities were constructed, in all material respects, in compliance with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. in some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular facility are insufficient and require additional measures that may involve considerable expense to us. in addition, where we determine that the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement, we will develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue, although implementation may require an extended period to complete. a significant aspect of the integration of recall (and other businesses we have acquired or may acquire) with our business is the process of making certain investments in the acquired recall facilities to conform such facilities to our standards of operations. this process is complex and time-consuming. if additional fire safety and suppression measures beyond our current operating plan were required at a large number of our facilities, the expense required for compliance could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in contract interpretation.
our customer contracts typically contain provisions limiting our liability regarding the loss or destruction of, or damage to, records, information, or other items stored with us. our liability for physical storage is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage (such as per cubic foot) and our liability for information governance and digital solutions, data center, destruction and other services unrelated to records, information and other items stored with us is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract; however, some of our contracts with large customers and some of the contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such limits or contain higher limits. we can provide no assurance that our limitation of liability provisions will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. in addition to provisions limiting our liability, our customer contracts generally include a schedule setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage rental and service pricing and service delivery terms. our customers may dispute the interpretation of various provisions in their contracts. in the past, we have had relatively few disputes with our customers regarding the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been material, but we can provide no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. moreover, as a large percentage of our growth is driven by acquisitions and customer contracts assumed in acquisitions make up a commensurately larger percentage of our customer contracts, and as we expand our operations in storage of fine arts and other valuable items and respond to customer demands for higher limitation of liability as a result of regulatory changes, our exposure to contracts with higher or no limitations of liability and disputes with customers over the interpretation of their contracts may increase. although we maintain a comprehensive insurance program, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance policies on acceptable terms in order to cover losses to us in connection with customer contract disputes.
as of december 31, 2017, we provided storage and information management services in 52 countries outside the united states. our international operations account for a significant portion of our overall operations, and as part of our growth strategy, we expect to continue to acquire or invest in storage and information management services businesses in select foreign markets, including countries where we do not currently operate. international operations are subject to numerous risks, including:
•   the impact of foreign government regulations and united states regulations that apply to us in foreign countries where we operate; in particular, we are subject to united states and foreign anticorruption laws, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, and, although we have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and training to deter prohibited practices, our employees, partners, contractors or agents may violate or circumvent such policies and the law;
•   the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate;
•   political uncertainties and changes in the global political climate which may impose restrictions on global operations;
•   unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses;
•   costs and difficulties associated with managing international operations of varying sizes and scale;
•   the risk that business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise in some markets outside of the united states will not perform as expected;
•   difficulties attracting and retaining local management and key employees to operate our business in certain countries;
•   cultural differences and differences in business practices and operating standards; and
•   foreign currency fluctuations.
in particular, our net income, debt balances or leverage can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies.
we have operations in numerous foreign countries and, as a result, are subject to foreign exchange translation risk, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we conduct business operations in numerous foreign countries through our foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, which primarily transact in their respective local currencies. those local currencies are translated into united states dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the results of operations of, and certain of our debt balances (including intercompany debt balances) associated with, our international businesses are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and significant shifts in foreign currencies can impact our short-term results, as well as our long-term forecasts and targets. in addition, because we intend to distribute 100% of our reit taxable income to our stockholders, and any exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our reit taxable income, our distribution amounts (including the classification of our distributions as nonqualified ordinary dividends, qualified ordinary dividends or return of capital, as described more fully in "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" included in this annual report) may fluctuate as a result of exchange rate fluctuations.
failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our united states government contracts could adversely affect our revenues, operating results and financial position.
having the united states government as a customer subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or barred from future united states government contracting. we may also face private derivative securities claims as a result of adverse government actions. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial position and reputation.
we may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business.
because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. such risks include:
•   acquisition and occupancy costs that make it difficult to meet anticipated margins and difficulty locating suitable facilities due to a relatively small number of available buildings having the desired characteristics in some real estate markets;
•   uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a cost-effective basis for some casualties, such as fires, earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities;
•   inability to use our real estate holdings effectively and costs associated with vacating or consolidating facilities if the demand for physical storage were to diminish; and
•   liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property.
some of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes, or were affected by waste generated from nearby properties, that involved the use, storage, generation and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. in some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of asbestos-containing materials. where we are aware of environmental conditions that require remediation, we undertake appropriate activity, in accordance with all legal requirements. although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties, including those acquired in acquisitions we have completed. we therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell, rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. in addition, future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today.
unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. our customers rely on us to securely store and timely retrieve their critical information, and these events could result in customer service disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities and the information stored in those facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems, each of which could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. during the past several years we have seen an increase in severe weather events and some of our key facilities worldwide are subject to this inherent risk.
damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our reputation for providing highly secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. our reputation or brand, and specifically, the trust our customers place in us, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual failures by us to store information securely. for example, events such as fires, natural disasters, attacks on our it systems or security breaches involving us could negatively impact our reputation, particularly if such incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. damage to our reputation could make us less competitive, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
following the consummation of the iodc transaction, our data center business comprises a greater portion of our overall operations, increasing the likelihood that significant costs or disruptions at our data centers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
during 2017 and the first quarter of 2018, we made several acquisitions in the data center space and we expect to continue to grow our data center business, both organically and through acquisitions. our data center business depends on providing customers with highly reliable facilities, power infrastructure and operations solutions, and we will need to retain and hire qualified personnel to manage our data center business. service interruptions or significant equipment damage could result in difficulty maintaining service level commitment obligations that we owe to certain of our customers. service interruptions or equipment damage may occur at one or more of our data centers as a result of numerous factors, including:
•   human error;
•   physical, electronic and cyber security breaches;
•   power loss or telecommunications failure;
our data center business is susceptible to regional costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on the availability of adequate power resources. we rely on third parties to provide power to our data centers. we are therefore subject to an inherent risk that such third parties may fail to deliver such power in adequate quantities or on a consistent basis. if the power delivered to our data centers is insufficient or interrupted, we would be required to provide power through the operation of our on-site generators, generally at a significantly higher operating cost. additionally, global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy. we may be limited in our ability to, or may not always choose to, pass these increased costs on to our customers. we also rely on third party telecommunications carriers to provide internet connectivity to our customers. these carriers may elect not to offer their services within our data centers or may elect to discontinue such services. furthermore, carriers may face business difficulties, which could affect their ability to provide telecommunications services or the quality of such services. if connectivity is interrupted or terminated, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. events such as these may also impact our reputation as a data center provider which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our data centers are subject to environmental laws and regulations. for example, our emergency generators are subject to regulations and permit requirements governing air pollutants, and the heating, ventilation and air conditioning and fire suppression systems at some of our data centers as well as our data management locations may include ozone-depleting substances that are subject to regulation. changes in law or our operations could increase compliance costs or impose limitations on our operations. while environmental regulations do not normally impose material costs upon operations at our data centers, unexpected events, equipment malfunctions, human error and changes in law or regulations, among other factors, could result in unexpected costs due to violation of environmental laws, required permits or additional operation limitations or costs.
furthermore, after giving effect to the iodc transaction, the credit suisse transaction and our acquisition in september 2017 of mag datacenters llc, which operated fortrust, a denver-based data center provider, we will have paid an aggregate cash purchase price of over $1.5 billion for data center businesses in 2017 and the first quarter of 2018. we may be required to commit significant operational and financial resources in connection with the growth of our data center business. however, there can be no assurance we will have sufficient customer demand to support these data centers or that we will not be adversely affected by the risks noted above, which could make it difficult for us to realize expected returns on our investments, if any.
our shared service center initiative may not create the operational efficiencies that we expect, and may create risks relating to the processing of transactions and recording of financial information, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we have undertaken a shared service center initiative pursuant to which we are centralizing certain finance, human resources and it functions. we have and will continue to align the design and operation of our financial control environment as part of our shared service center initiative. as part of this initiative, we are outsourcing, and will continue to outsource, certain it accounting, payroll, it, facility management, and human resource functions to third party service providers. the parties that we utilize for these services may not be able to handle the volume of activity or perform the quality of service necessary to support our operations. the failure of these parties to fulfill their obligations could disrupt our operations. in addition, the move to a shared service environment, including our reliance on third party providers, may create risks relating to the processing of transactions and recording of financial information. particularly during the transition period, we could experience a lapse in the operation of internal controls due to turnover, lack of legacy knowledge, inappropriate training and use of third party providers, which could result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations.
our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. in particular, our secure shredding operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. as a result, significant declines in the cost of paper may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations, and increases in other commodity prices, including steel, may negatively impact our results of operations.
we may be subject to claims that our technology violates the ip rights of a third party.
third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials, processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. third parties have in the past, and may in the future, bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege that their ip rights are being infringed or violated by our use of ip. litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from operating our business. further, if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the ip on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative ip at our expense to mitigate potential harm.
we face competition for customers.
we compete with multiple storage and information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. we also compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal storage and information management services capabilities and their cloud-based alternatives. these organizations may not begin or continue to use us for their future storage and information management service needs.
risks related to our indebtedness our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt instruments.
•   inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments;
•   inability to make borrowings to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, strategic opportunities, including acquisitions and expansions into adjacent businesses, and other general corporate requirements, including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness;
•   limits on our distributions to stockholders; in this regard if these limits prevented us from satisfying our reit distribution requirements, we could fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or, if these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit but do nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts;
•   limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs;
•   inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments;
•   restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms;
•   limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services industry; and
•   inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions.
in connection with the iodc transaction, we incurred approximately $825.0 million of additional indebtedness. as a result of the indebtedness we incurred in connection with the iodc transaction, we are subject to increased risks associated with debt financing, including an increased risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to meet required payments on our debt.
restrictive debt covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy.
our indentures and our credit agreement contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness;
•   make asset dispositions;
•   create or permit liens; and
•   make acquisitions and other investments.
these restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies.
we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes upon a change of control event as required by our indentures.
upon the occurrence of a "change of control," as defined in our indentures we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes. however, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of a change of control to make the required repurchase of any outstanding notes or that restrictions in our credit agreement will not allow such repurchases. certain important corporate events, however, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a "change of control" under our indentures.
iron mountain is a holding company, and, therefore, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in large part on the operations of our subsidiaries.
iron mountain is a holding company; substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries, and substantially all of our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect 100% owned subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. however, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by our direct and indirect 100% owned united states subsidiaries, that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations.
acquisition and expansion risks elements of our strategic growth plan involve inherent risks.
as part of our strategic growth plan, we expect to invest in new business strategies, products, services, technologies and geographies, including data centers and abos, and we may selectively divest certain businesses. these initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset expenses and liabilities associated with new investments, inadequate return of capital on these investments and the inability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees to lead and support new initiatives. for example, in recent years, we have expanded our entry into the data center and fine art storage businesses. our data center expansion in particular requires significant capital commitments and includes other costs associated with the development of real estate to support this business. many of these new ventures are inherently risky and we can provide no assurance that such strategies and offerings will be successful in achieving the desired returns within a reasonable timeframe, if at all, and that they will not adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. we also face competition from other companies in our efforts to grow our adjacent businesses, some of which possess substantial financial and other resources. as a result, we may be unable to acquire, or may pay a significant purchase price for, adjacent businesses that support our strategic growth plan.
if we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. if not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to customers. in addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations, particularly with respect to operations in countries outside of the united states or in new lines of business. consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital expenditures. our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues presented by future growth.
failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations.
strategic acquisitions are an important element of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize anticipated synergies. the process of integrating acquired businesses, particularly in new markets, may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources.
for example, the success of our significant acquisitions, such as iodc and recall, will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including cost savings from combining the acquired businesses with ours. to realize these anticipated benefits, we must be able to successfully integrate our business and the acquired businesses, and this integration is complex and time-consuming. we may encounter challenges in the integration process including the following:
•   challenges and difficulties associated with managing our larger, more complex, company;
•   conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the two businesses;
•   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses or delays associated with an acquisition; and
•   our ability to deliver on our strategy going forward.
further, our acquisitions subject us to liabilities (including tax liabilities) that may exist at an acquired company, some of which may be unknown. although we and our advisors conduct due diligence on the operations of businesses we acquire, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities of an acquired company. these liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to an acquired company not known to us or that we may deem immaterial or unlikely to occur at the time of the acquisition, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations.
we can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. the failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
an important part of our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, including in markets where we currently do not operate, and we expect to continue this expansion. europe, latin america and australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into asia, africa and the middle east to a lesser extent. we have entered into joint ventures or have acquired all or a majority of the equity in storage and information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other storage and information management services businesses in the future, including in new countries or markets where we currently do not operate. a changing global political climate may impose restrictions on our ability to expand internationally.
this growth strategy involves risks. we may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. for example, we may be unable to:
•   identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in;
•   complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms;
•   successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth;
•   incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working capital, common stock or other equity securities; or
•   enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the united states.
we also compete with other storage and information management services providers as well as other entities for companies to acquire. some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources. if any such competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or investments could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
our net proceeds from the divestments may be lower than expected and we may be subject to liabilities as a result of provisions in the sale agreements governing the divestments.
the terms of the sale agreements governing the divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) in the united states, canada and australia provide for post-closing adjustments to the purchase prices. as a result, the purchase prices for the divestments may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of the sale agreements. as such, the expected net proceeds of the divestments are uncertain and the actual net proceeds we receive from the divestments may be less than the net proceeds expected by us. furthermore, in the sale agreements governing the divestments, we have made certain representations and warranties and are bound by certain covenants following the closings. any breach of such terms may subject us to liabilities in accordance with the terms of the sale agreements.
we have guaranteed certain obligations of recall to brambles relating to brambles' prior demerger transaction.
on december 18, 2013, brambles limited, an australian corporation ("brambles"), implemented a demerger transaction by way of a distribution of shares of recall to brambles' shareholders (the "demerger"). prior to and in connection with the demerger, brambles spun off certain of its united states and canadian subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to recall. such spin-offs were intended to be tax-free or tax-deferred under united states and canadian tax laws, respectively, and brambles obtained rulings from the irs (with respect to the united states spin-off) and the canada revenue agency (with respect to the canadian spin-off), as well as opinions of its tax advisors, to such effect. however, the tax-free status of the spin-off of such united states subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if a 50% or greater interest in such united states subsidiaries were acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that included such spin-off. similarly, the tax-deferred status of the spin-off of the canadian subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if control of such subsidiaries were acquired as part of a series of transactions or events that included such spin-off.
in connection with the demerger, recall agreed to indemnify brambles and certain of its affiliates for taxes to the extent that actions by recall (e.g., an acquisition of recall shares) resulted in the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off described above failing to qualify as tax-free or tax-deferred for united states or canadian tax purposes, respectively. in addition, recall agreed, among other things, that it would not, within two years of the 2013 spin-offs, enter into a proposed acquisition transaction, merger or consolidation (with respect to the united states spin-off) or take any action that could reasonably be expected to jeopardize, directly or indirectly, any of the conclusions reached in the canadian tax ruling or opinion, without obtaining either a supplemental tax ruling from the relevant taxing authority, the consent of brambles or an opinion of a tax advisor, acceptable to brambles in its reasonable discretion, that such transaction should not result in the spin-offs failing to be tax-free under united states federal income tax law or canadian tax law, respectively. recall has obtained such tax opinions, based on, among other things, representations and warranties made by recall and us. such opinions do not affect recall's obligation to indemnify brambles for an adverse impact on the tax-free status of such prior spin-offs.
we have guaranteed the foregoing indemnification obligations of recall. consistent with the foregoing tax opinions, we believe that the recall transaction is not part of a plan or series of related transactions, or part of a series of transactions or events, that included the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off, respectively. however, if the irs or the canadian revenue agency were to prevail in asserting a contrary view, we would be liable for the resulting taxes, which could be material.
risks related to our taxation as a reit if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates and will not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders when computing our taxable income.
we have elected to be taxed as a reit since our 2014 taxable year; however, we can provide no assurance that we will remain qualified for taxation as a reit. if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be taxed at corporate income tax rates unless certain relief provisions apply.
qualification for taxation as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. there are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of applicable reit provisions.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
•   we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income;
•   we would not be eligible to elect reit status again until the fifth taxable year that begins after the first year for which we failed to qualify as a reit.
any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes.
if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability. accordingly, funds available for investment and distributions to stockholders could be reduced.
as a reit, failure to make required distributions would subject us to federal corporate income tax.
we expect to continue paying regular quarterly distributions; however, the amount, timing and form of our regular quarterly distributions will be determined, and will be subject to adjustment, by our board of directors. to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year, or in limited circumstances, the following year, to our stockholders. generally, we expect to distribute all or substantially all of our reit taxable income. if our cash available for distribution falls short of our estimates, we may be unable to maintain distributions that approximate our reit taxable income and may fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. in addition, our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the payment of expenses and the recognition of income and expenses for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible expenditures, such as capital expenditures, payments of compensation for which section 162(m) of the code denies a deduction, interest expense deductions limited by section 163(j) of the code, the creation of reserves or required debt service or amortization payments.
to the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. in addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on our undistributed taxable income if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under the code.
we may be required to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity to satisfy reit distribution requirements, to comply with asset ownership tests or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives.
in order to meet the reit distribution requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit, or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. any insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our reit distribution requirements could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, to sell assets, or to offer equity securities in order to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit. furthermore, the reit distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, which would increase our indebtedness. an increase in our outstanding debt could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. for a discussion of risks related to our substantial level of indebtedness, see "risks relating to our indebtedness."
whether we issue equity, at what price and the amount and other terms of any such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then-existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. in addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. depending upon the market price of our common stock at the time of any potential issuances of equity securities, we may have to sell a significant number of shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result.
in addition, if we fail to comply with specified asset ownership tests applicable to reits as measured at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct such failure within 30 days after the end of the applicable calendar quarter or qualify for statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our qualification for taxation as a reit. as a result, we may be required to liquidate assets or to forgo our pursuit of otherwise attractive investments. these actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities.
to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we must satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. thus, compliance with these tests may require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-reit qualifying operations or assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"), and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. furthermore, acquisition opportunities in domestic and international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with some reit requirements prior to closing.
we conduct a significant portion of our business activities, including our information management services businesses and several of our international operations, through domestic and foreign trss. under the code, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and other nonqualifying assets. in addition, no more than 20% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss within the overall 25% nonqualifying assets limitation. these limitations may affect our ability to make additional investments in non-reit qualifying operations or assets or in international operations through trss.
our ability to fully deduct our interest expense may be limited, or we may be required to adjust the tax depreciation of our real property in order to maintain the full deductibility of our interest expense.
december 2017 amendments to the code, which are described more fully in the tax reform section of "critical accounting policies" within item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations included in this annual report (the "tax reform legislation"), limit interest deductions for businesses, whether in corporate or passthrough form, to the sum of the taxpayer's business interest income for the tax year and 30% of the taxpayer's adjusted taxable income for that tax year. this limitation does not apply to an "electing real property trade or business." we have not yet determined whether we or any of our subsidiaries will elect out of the new interest expense limitation or whether any of our subsidiaries is eligible to elect out, although legislative history indicates that a real property trade or business includes a trade or business conducted by a corporation or a reit. depreciable real property (including specified improvements) held by electing real property trades or businesses must be depreciated for united states federal income tax purposes under the alternative depreciation system of the code, which generally imposes a class life for depreciable real property of up to 40 years.
as a reit, we are limited in our ability to fund distribution payments using cash generated through our trss.
our ability to receive distributions from our trss is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit. in particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a reit must be derived from real estate, which principally includes gross income from providing customers with secure storage space or colocation or wholesale data center space. consequently, no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other nonqualifying types of income. thus, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited, and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders using cash flows from our trss. specifically, if our trss become highly profitable, we might become limited in our ability to receive net income from our trss in an amount required to fund distributions to our stockholders commensurate with that profitability.
in addition, a significant amount of our income and cash flows from our trss is generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
our extensive use of trss, including for certain of our international operations, may cause us to fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
our operations include an extensive use of trss. the net income of our trss is not required to be distributed to us, and income that is not distributed to us generally is not subject to the reit income distribution requirement. however, there may be limitations on our ability to accumulate earnings in our trss and the accumulation or reinvestment of significant earnings in our trss could result in adverse tax treatment. in particular, if the accumulation of cash in our trss causes (1) the fair market value of our securities in our trss to exceed 20% of the fair market value of our assets or (2) the fair market value of our securities in our trss and other nonqualifying assets to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, then we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. further, a substantial portion of our trss are overseas, and a material change in foreign currency rates could also negatively impact our ability to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
the tax reform legislation has imposed limitations on the ability of our trss to utilize specified income tax deductions, including limits on the use of net operating losses and limits on the deductibility of interest expense. further, these amendments made substantial changes to the taxation of international income. some of these changes did not contemplate what we believe were unintended consequences of such reforms on reits with global operations, and we may be required to recognize income on account of the activities of our foreign trss that may not be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests that we are required to satisfy.
a reit generally is required to distribute at least 90% of its reit taxable income to its stockholders.
our board of directors, in its sole discretion, will determine, on a quarterly basis, the amount of cash to be distributed to our stockholders based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and divestitures, any stock repurchase program and general market demand for our space and services. consequently, our distribution levels may fluctuate.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, some of our business activities are subject to corporate level income tax and foreign taxes, which will continue to reduce our cash flows, and we will have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, taxes on any undistributed income, and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. in addition, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the code to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit.
our information management services businesses and several of our international operations are conducted through wholly owned trss because these activities could generate nonqualifying reit income as currently structured and operated. the income of our domestic trss will continue to be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal income tax purposes or trss. any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash.
we will also be subject to a federal corporate level income tax at the highest regular corporate income tax rate (currently 21%, following the enactment of the tax reform legislation) on gains recognized from a sale of a reit asset where our basis in the asset is determined by reference to the basis of the asset in the hands of a c corporation (such as (i) an asset that we held as of the effective date of our reit election, that is, january 1, 2014, or (ii) an asset that we hold in one of our qualified reit subsidiaries ("qrss") following the liquidation or other conversion of a former trs). this 21% tax is generally applicable to any disposition of such an asset during the five-year period after the date we first owned the asset as a reit asset (e.g., january 1, 2014 in the case of reit assets we held at the time of our reit conversion), to the extent of the built-in-gain based on the fair market value of such asset on the date we first held the asset as a reit asset. in addition, depreciation recapture income that we expect to recognize as a result of certain accounting method changes that we have made will be fully subject to this 21% tax.
complying with reit requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and increase the cost of our hedging and may cause us to incur tax liabilities.
the reit provisions of the code limit our ability to hedge assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. generally, income from hedging transactions that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made by us to acquire or carry real estate assets and income from certain currency hedging transactions related to our non-united states operations, as well as income from qualifying counteracting hedges, do not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the reit gross income tests. to the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as nonqualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests. as a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through our trss. this could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our trss would be subject to tax on income or gains resulting from hedges entered into by them and may expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates or exchange rates than we would otherwise want to bear. in addition, hedging losses in any of our trss generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward for possible use against future income or gain in the trss.
distributions payable by reits generally do not qualify for preferential tax rates.
dividends payable by united states corporations to noncorporate stockholders, such as individuals, trusts and estates, are generally eligible for reduced united states federal income tax rates applicable to "qualified dividends." distributions paid by reits generally are not treated as "qualified dividends" under the code, and the reduced rates applicable to such dividends do not generally apply. however, for tax years beginning after 2017 and before 2026, reit dividends paid to noncorporate stockholders are generally taxed at an effective tax rate lower than applicable ordinary income tax rates due to the availability of a deduction under the code for specified forms of income from passthrough entities. more favorable rates will nevertheless continue to apply to regular corporate "qualified" dividends, which may cause some investors to perceive that an investment in a reit is less attractive than an investment in a non-reit entity that pays dividends, thereby reducing the demand and market price of our common stock.
the ownership and transfer restrictions contained in our certificate of incorporation may not protect our qualification for taxation as a reit, could have unintended antitakeover effects and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a takeover premium.
in order for us to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, no more than 50% of the value of outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than the first year for which we elected to be taxed as a reit. in addition, rents from "affiliated tenants" will not qualify as qualifying reit income if we own 10% or more by vote or value of the customer, whether directly or after application of attribution rules under the code. subject to certain exceptions, our certificate of incorporation prohibits any stockholder from owning, beneficially or constructively, more than (i) 9.8% in value of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our capital stock or (ii) 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. we refer to these restrictions collectively as the "ownership limits" and we included them in our certificate of incorporation to facilitate our compliance with reit tax rules. the constructive ownership rules under the code are complex and may cause the outstanding stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. as a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of our outstanding common stock (or the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity or another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of the relevant ownership limits. any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or of any of our other capital stock in violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. even though our certificate of incorporation contains the ownership limits, there can be no assurance that these provisions will be effective to prevent our qualification for taxation as a reit from being jeopardized, including under the affiliated tenant rule. furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to monitor and enforce the ownership limits. if the restrictions in our certificate of incorporation are not effective and as a result we fail to satisfy the reit tax rules described above, then absent an applicable relief provision, we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
in addition, the ownership and transfer restrictions could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. as a result, the overall effect of the ownership and transfer restrictions may be to render more difficult or discourage any attempt to acquire us, even if such acquisition may be favorable to the interests of our stockholders.
legislative or other actions affecting reits could have a negative effect on us or our stockholders.
at any time, the federal or state income tax laws governing reits, or the administrative interpretations of those laws, may be amended. federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the irs, the united states department of the treasury (the "treasury") and state taxing authorities. changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application, could adversely affect us. in addition, some of these changes could have a more significant impact on us as compared to other reits due to the nature of our business and our substantial use of trss, particularly non-united states trss.
the tax reform legislation has made substantial changes to the code, particularly as it relates to the taxation of both corporate income and international income. among those changes are a significant permanent reduction in the generally applicable corporate income tax rate and the modification of tax policies, credits and deductions for businesses and individuals. this legislation also imposes additional limitations on the deduction of net operating losses, which may in the future cause us to make distributions that will be taxable to our stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits in order to comply with the reit distribution requirements. the effect of these and other changes made in this legislation is highly uncertain, both in terms of their direct effect on the taxation of an investment in our securities and their indirect effect on the value of properties owned by us. furthermore, many of the provisions of the new law will require guidance through the issuance of treasury regulations in order to assess their effect. there may be a substantial delay before such regulations are promulgated, increasing the uncertainty as to the ultimate effect of the statutory amendments on us or our stockholders. it is also possible that there will be technical corrections legislation proposed with respect to the tax reform legislation, the effect of which cannot be predicted and may be adverse to us or our stockholders. our stockholders are encouraged to consult with their tax advisors about the potential effects that changes in law may have on them and their ownership of our securities.
risks related to our common stock sales or issuances of shares of our common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
future sales or issuances of common stock or other equity related securities may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, including any shares of our common stock issued to finance capital expenditures, finance acquisitions or repay debt. in october 2017, we established an "at-the-market" stock offering program (the "at the market (atm) equity program") with a syndicate of 10 banks (the "agents"), pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $500.0 million of our common stock through the agents. as of december 31, 2017, we have sold 1,481,053 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately $60.0 million under the at the market (atm) equity program.
the ability of our board of directors to change our major policies without the consent of stockholders may not be in the interest of our stockholders.
our board of directors determines our major policies, including policies and guidelines relating to our investments, acquisitions, leverage, financing, growth, operations and distributions to our stockholders. our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies and guidelines from time to time without the vote or consent of our stockholders. accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies, and any such changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with "item 6. selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other financial and operating information included elsewhere in this annual report.
this discussion contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and in other securities laws. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" on page iii of this annual report and "item 1a. risk factors" beginning on page 15 of this annual report.
overview acquisitions a. recall acquisition on may 2, 2016 (sydney, australia time), we completed the recall transaction. at the closing of the recall transaction, we paid approximately $331.8 million in cash and issued approximately 50.2 million shares of our common stock which, based on the closing price of our common stock as of april 29, 2016 (the last day of trading on the nyse prior to the closing of the recall transaction) of $36.53 per share, resulted in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $2,166.9 million. the results of operations of recall have been included in our consolidated results from may 2, 2016. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for unaudited pro forma results of operations for us and recall, as if the recall transaction was completed on january 1, 2015, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively.
we currently estimate total acquisition and integration expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of (i) operating expenditures associated with the recall transaction, including: (1) advisory and professional fees to complete the recall transaction; (2) costs associated with the divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) required in connection with receipt of regulatory approvals (including transitional services); and (3) costs to integrate recall with our existing operations, including moving, severance, facility upgrade, reit conversion and system upgrade costs, as well as certain costs associated with our shared service center initiative for our finance, human resources and information technology functions ("recall costs"), and (ii) capital expenditures to integrate recall with our existing operations. from january 1, 2015 through december 31, 2017, we have incurred cumulative operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction of $313.8 million, including $263.9 million of recall costs and $49.9 million of capital expenditures.
see note 16 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for more information on recall costs, including costs recorded by segment as well as recorded between cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses.
b. iodc acquisition on december 11, 2017, we entered into a purchase agreement to acquire iodc, a leading data center colocation space and solutions provider based in phoenix, arizona, including the land and buildings associated with four data centers in phoenix and scottsdale, arizona; edison, new jersey; and columbus, ohio, for an aggregate cash purchase of the initial iodc consideration, plus up to $60.0 million of additional proceeds (including the iodc contingent consideration) and (ii) $35.0 million of contingent payments associated with the execution of future customer contracts), subject to certain adjustments as set forth in the purchase agreement for the iodc transaction.
on january 10, 2018, we completed the iodc transaction. at the closing of the iodc transaction, we paid approximately $1,340.0 million of total consideration, including the initial iodc consideration and the iodc contingent consideration. we financed the iodc transaction through the proceeds from the equity offering, the over-allotment option and the issuance of the 51⁄4% notes.
divestitures a. divestments associated with the recall transaction as disclosed in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, we sought regulatory approval of the recall transaction and, as part of the regulatory approval process, we agreed to make the divestments.
the initial united states divestments, the seattle/atlanta divestments, the recall canadian divestments and the uk divestments (each as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) (collectively, the "recall divestments") meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations as the recall divestments met the criteria to be reported as assets and liabilities held for sale at, or within a short period of time following, the closing of the recall transaction. accordingly, the results of operations for the recall divestments are presented as a component of discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2017 and the cash flows associated with the recall divestments are presented as a component of cash flows from discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2017.
the australia divestment business and the iron mountain canadian divestments (each as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report) (collectively, the "iron mountain divestments") do not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations as our decision to divest the iron mountain divestments does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. accordingly, the revenues and expenses associated with the iron mountain divestments are presented as a component of income (loss) from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016 and the cash flows associated with the iron mountain divestments are presented as a component of cash flows from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016.
the australia divestment business represents approximately $65.0 million and $44.0 million of total revenues and approximately $5.8 million and $1.1 million of total income from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. the iron mountain canadian divestments represent approximately $2.7 million of total revenues and approximately $1.5 million of total income from continuing operations for each of the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, respectively. the australia divestment business was previously included in our other international business segment and the iron mountain canadian divestments were previously included in our north american records and information management business segment.
see note 14 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding the presentation of the divestments in our consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017.
b. iron mountain - russia and ukraine divestment on may 30, 2017, iron mountain ees holdings ltd. ("im ees"), a consolidated subsidiary of imi, sold its records and information management operations in russia and ukraine to osg records management (europe) limited ("osg") in a stock transaction (the "russia and ukraine divestment"). as consideration for the russia and ukraine divestment, im ees received a 25% equity interest in osg (the "osg investment").
we have concluded that the russia and ukraine divestment does not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements, as our decision to divest these businesses does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. accordingly, the revenues and expenses associated with these businesses are presented as a component of income (loss) from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, and the cash flows associated with these businesses are presented as a component of cash flows from continuing operations in our consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. our businesses in russia and ukraine represent approximately $16.3 million, $17.5 million and $8.6 million of total revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. our businesses in russia and ukraine represent approximately $(16.2) million, $0.3 million and $0.9 million of total (loss) income from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively.
as a result of the russia and ukraine divestment, we recorded a gain on sale of $38.9 million to other expense (income), net, in the second quarter of 2017, representing the excess of the fair value of the consideration received over the carrying value of our businesses in russia and ukraine. as of the closing date of the russia and ukraine divestment, the fair value of the osg investment was approximately $18.0 million. as of the closing date of the russia and ukraine divestment, the carrying value of our businesses in russia and ukraine was a credit balance of $20.9 million, which consisted of (i) a credit balance of approximately $29.1 million of cumulative translation adjustment associated with our businesses in russia and ukraine that was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive items, net, (ii) the carrying value of the net assets of our businesses in russia and ukraine, excluding goodwill, of $4.7 million and (iii) $3.5 million of goodwill associated with our northern and eastern europe reporting unit (of which our businesses in russia and ukraine were a component of prior to the russia and ukraine divestment), which was allocated, on a relative fair value basis, to our businesses in russia and ukraine.
transformation initiative during the third quarter of 2015, we implemented a plan that calls for certain organizational realignments to reduce our overhead costs, particularly in our developed markets, in order to optimize our selling, general and administrative cost structure and to support investments to advance our growth strategy (the "transformation initiative"). as a result of the transformation initiative, we recorded charges (which are included within selling, general and administrative expenses) of $10.2 million, $6.0 million and $0.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits.
costs recorded by segment associated with the transformation initiative are as follows (in thousands):
north american records and information management business      $5,403                $2,329             $275
north american data management business                            241                   395             -
western european business                                        1,537                   204             -
other international business                                         -                     -             -
global data center business                                          -                     -             -
corporate and other business                                     2,986                 3,079                 225
through december 31, 2017, we have recorded cumulative charges to our consolidated statements of operations associated with the transformation initiative of $16.7 million.
general our revenues consist of storage rental revenues as well as service revenues and are reflected net of sales and value added taxes. storage rental revenues, which are considered a key driver of financial performance for the storage and information management services industry, consist primarily of recurring periodic rental charges related to the storage of materials or data (generally on a per unit basis) that are typically retained by customers for many years, technology escrow services that protect and manage source code, data backup and storage on our proprietary cloud and revenues associated with our data center operations. service revenues include charges for related service activities, which include: (1) the handling of records, including the addition of new records, temporary removal of records from storage, refiling of removed records and the destruction of records; (2) courier operations, consisting primarily of the pickup and delivery of records upon customer request; (3) secure shredding of sensitive documents and the related sale of recycled paper, the price of which can fluctuate from period to period; (4) other services, including the scanning, imaging and document conversion services of active and inactive records, or information governance and digital solutions, which relate to physical and digital records, and project revenues; (5) customer termination and permanent removal fees; (6) data restoration projects; (7) special project work; (8) the storage, assembly, reporting and delivery of customer marketing literature, or fulfillment services; (9) consulting services; (10) cloud-related data protection, preservation, restoration and recovery; and (11) other technology services and product sales (including specially designed storage containers and related supplies). our service revenue growth has been negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active. while customers continue to store their records and tapes with us, they are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records for research and other purposes, thereby reducing service activity levels.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists primarily of wages and benefits for field personnel, facility occupancy costs (including rent and utilities), transportation expenses (including vehicle leases and fuel), other product cost of sales and other equipment costs and supplies. of these, wages and benefits and facility occupancy costs are the most significant. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of wages and benefits for management, administrative, it, sales, account management and marketing personnel, as well as expenses related to communications and data processing, travel, professional fees, bad debts, training, office equipment and supplies. trends in facility occupancy costs are impacted by the total number of facilities we occupy, the mix of properties we own versus properties we occupy under operating leases, fluctuations in per square foot occupancy costs, and the levels of utilization of these properties. trends in total wages and benefits in dollars and as a percentage of total consolidated revenue are influenced by changes in headcount and compensation levels, achievement of incentive compensation targets, workforce productivity and variability in costs associated with medical insurance and workers' compensation.
the expansion of our international businesses has impacted the major cost of sales components and selling, general and administrative expenses. our international operations are more labor intensive relative to revenue than our operations in north america and, therefore, labor costs are a higher percentage of international segment revenue. in addition, the overhead structure of our expanding international operations has generally not achieved the same level of overhead leverage as our north american segments, which may result in an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue, as our international operations become a more meaningful percentage of our consolidated results.
our depreciation and amortization charges result primarily from the capital-intensive nature of our business. the principal components of depreciation relate to storage systems, which include racking structures, buildings, building and leasehold improvements and computer systems hardware and software. amortization relates primarily to customer relationship intangible assets. both depreciation and amortization are impacted by the timing of acquisitions.
our consolidated revenues and expenses are subject to the net effect of foreign currency translation related to our entities outside the united states. it is difficult to predict the future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and how those fluctuations will impact our consolidated statements of operations. as a result of the relative size of our international operations, these fluctuations may be material on individual balances. our revenues and expenses from our international operations are generally denominated in the local currency of the country in which they are derived or incurred. therefore, the impact of currency fluctuations on our operating income and operating margin is partially mitigated. in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we compare the percentage change in the results from one period to another period in this report using constant currency presentation. the constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2015 results at the 2016 average exchange rates and the 2016 results at the 2017 average exchange rates. constant currency growth rates are a non-gaap measure.
the following table is a comparison of underlying average exchange rates of the foreign currencies that had the most significant impact on our united states dollar-reported revenues and expenses:
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
british pound sterling                                                      $1.356                                  $1.288             (5.0   )%
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
british pound sterling                                                      $1.529                                  $1.356             (11.3   )%
non-gaap measures adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is defined as income (loss) from continuing operations before interest expense, net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, and also excludes certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (1) loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) intangible impairments; (3) other expense (income), net; (4) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (5) recall costs; and (6) reit costs (as defined below). adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing adjusted ebitda by total revenues. we use multiples of current or projected adjusted ebitda in conjunction with our discounted cash flow models to determine our estimated overall enterprise valuation and to evaluate acquisition targets. we believe adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin provide our current and potential investors with relevant and useful information regarding our ability to generate cash flow to support business investment. these measures are an integral part of the internal reporting system we use to assess and evaluate the operating performance of our business.
adjusted ebitda excludes both interest expense, net and the provision (benefit) for income taxes. these expenses are associated with our capitalization and tax structures, which we do not consider when evaluating the operating profitability of our core operations. finally, adjusted ebitda does not include depreciation and amortization expenses, in order to eliminate the impact of capital investments, which we evaluate by comparing capital expenditures to incremental revenue generated and as a percentage of total revenues. adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), such as operating income, income (loss) from continuing operations, net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations (as determined in accordance with gaap).
reconciliation of income (loss) from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda (in thousands):
provision (benefit) for income taxes                                                                    62,127               (97,275   )            37,713                  44,944                  25,947
loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net           430                 1,065                 3,000                   1,412                     799
recall costs                                                                                                 -                     -                47,014                 131,944                  84,901
reit costs(2)                                                                                           82,867                22,312                     -                       -                       -
adjusted ebitda                                                                                       $894,581              $925,797              $920,005              $1,087,288              $1,260,196
(1)   tax expense associated with the gain on sale of real estate for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 was $0.4 million, $2.2 million, $0.2 million, $0.1 million and $0.0 million, respectively.
(2)   includes costs associated with our conversion to a reit, excluding reit compliance costs beginning january 1, 2014 ("reit costs").
adjusted eps adjusted eps is defined as reported earnings per share fully diluted from continuing operations excluding: (1) loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (3) intangible impairments; (4) other expense (income), net; (5) recall costs; (6) reit costs; and (7) the tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items. adjusted eps includes income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests. we do not believe these excluded items to be indicative of our ongoing operating results, and they are not considered when we are forecasting our future results. we believe adjusted eps is of value to our current and potential investors when comparing our results from past, present and future periods.
income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                   -                 -                 -              0.01              0.01
loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net         -              0.01              0.01              0.01                 -
recall costs                                                                                             -                 -              0.22              0.53              0.32
reit costs                                                                                            0.43              0.11                 -                 -                 -
tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items(1)                                             0.07             (0.72   )         (0.07   )         (0.06   )         (0.19   )
(1)   the difference between our effective tax rate and our structural tax rate (or adjusted effective tax rate) for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 is primarily due to (i) the reconciling items above, which impact our reported income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes but have an insignificant impact on our reported provision (benefit) for income taxes and (ii) other discrete tax items. our structural tax rate for purposes of the calculation of adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 was 15.0%, 14.4%, 16.8%, 18.5% and 19.7%, respectively.
ffo (nareit) and ffo (normalized)
funds from operations ("ffo") is defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") and us as net income (loss) excluding depreciation on real estate assets and gain on sale of real estate, net of tax ("ffo (nareit)"). ffo (nareit) does not give effect to real estate depreciation because these amounts are computed, under gaap, to allocate the cost of a property over its useful life. because values for well-maintained real estate assets have historically increased or decreased based upon prevailing market conditions, we believe that ffo (nareit) provides investors with a clearer view of our operating performance. our most directly comparable gaap measure to ffo (nareit) is net income. although nareit has published a definition of ffo, modifications to ffo (nareit) are common among reits as companies seek to provide financial measures that most meaningfully reflect their particular business. our definition of ffo (normalized) excludes certain items included in ffo (nareit) that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (1) loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) intangible impairments; (3) other expense (income), net; (4) recall costs; (5) the tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items; (6) (income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax; and (7) loss (gain) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax.
reconciliation of net income (loss) to ffo (nareit) and ffo (normalized) (in thousands):
ffo (nareit)                                                                                           504,609               303,153               331,311               443,154
loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net         1,065                 3,000                 1,412                   799
recall costs                                                                                                 -                47,014               131,944                84,901
reit costs                                                                                              22,312                     -                     -                     -
tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items(4)                                             (142,194   )           (14,480   )           (15,019   )           (49,865   )
(1)   includes depreciation expense related to real estate assets (land improvements, buildings, building improvements, leasehold improvements and racking).
(2)   tax expense associated with the gain on sale of real estate for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017 was $2.2 million, $0.2 million, $0.1 million and $0.0 million, respectively.
(3)   includes foreign currency transaction losses, net of $58.3 million, $70.9 million, $20.4 million and $43.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. see note 2.v. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding the components of other expense (income), net.
(4)   represents the tax impact of (i) the reconciling items above, which impact our reported income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes but have an insignificant impact on our reported provision (benefit) for income taxes and (ii) other discrete tax items. discrete tax items resulted in a (benefit) provision for income taxes of $(140.8) million, $(14.6) million, $(2.4) million and $(38.3) million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively.
(5)   net of tax provision (benefit) of $0.0 million, $0.0 million, $0.8 million and $(1.8) million for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively.
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and for the period then ended. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the estimates used. we base our estimates on historical experience, actuarial estimates, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. our critical accounting policies include the following, which are listed in no particular order:
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. storage rental and service revenues are recognized in the month the respective storage rental or service is provided, and customers are generally billed on a monthly basis on contractually agreed-upon terms. amounts related to future storage rental or prepaid service contracts for customers where storage rental fees or services are billed in advance are accounted for as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over the period the applicable storage rental or service is provided or performed. revenues from the sales of products, which are included as a component of service revenues, are recognized when products are shipped and title has passed to the customer. revenues from the sales of products have historically not been significant.
accounting for acquisitions part of our growth strategy has included the acquisition by us of numerous businesses. the purchase price of each acquisition has been determined after due diligence of the target business, market research, strategic planning and the forecasting of expected future results and synergies. estimated future results and expected synergies are subject to revisions as we integrate each acquisition and attempt to leverage resources.
during the third quarter of 2017, we adopted accounting standards update no. 2017-01, business combinations (topic 805): clarifying the definition of a business ("asu 2017-01"). asu 2017-01 provides guidance for evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or businesses. the guidance provides a screen to determine when an integrated set of assets and activities does not qualify to be a business. the screen requires that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in an identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the acquisition should not be accounted for as the acquisition of a business, but rather the acquisition of an asset. if an acquisition is determined to be a business, goodwill is recognized as part of purchase accounting, whereas with the acquisition of an asset there is no goodwill recognized.
each acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting as defined under the applicable accounting standards at the date of each acquisition. accounting for these acquisitions has resulted in the capitalization of the cost in excess of the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in each of these acquisitions as goodwill. we estimate the fair values of the assets acquired in each acquisition as of the date of acquisition and these estimates are subject to adjustment based on the final assessments of the fair value of intangible assets (primarily customer relationship and lease-based intangible assets), property, plant and equipment (primarily building and racking structures), operating leases, contingencies and income taxes (primarily deferred income taxes). we complete these assessments within one year of the date of acquisition, as we acquire additional information impacting our estimates as of the acquisition date. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of recent acquisitions.
determining the fair values of the net assets acquired requires management's judgment and often involves the use of assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates and market data, among other items. due to the inherent uncertainty of future events, actual values of net assets acquired could be different from our estimated fair values and could have a material impact on our financial statements.
of the net assets acquired in our acquisitions, the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship and lease-based intangible assets, racking structures and operating leases are generally the most common and most significant. for significant acquisitions or acquisitions involving new markets or new products, we generally use third parties to assist us in estimating the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship and lease-based intangible assets and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. for acquisitions that are not significant or do not involve new markets or new products, we generally use third parties to assist us in estimating the fair value of acquired owned buildings and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. when not using third party appraisals of the fair value of acquired net assets, the fair value of acquired customer relationship and leased-based intangible assets and acquired racking structures is determined internally. the fair value of acquired racking structures is determined internally by taking current estimated replacement cost at the date of acquisition for the quantity of racking structures acquired, discounted to take into account the quality (e.g. age, material and type) of the racking structures. we use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of customer relationship and lease-based intangible assets, which requires a significant amount of judgment by management, including estimating expected lives of the relationships, expected future cash flows and discount rates.
of the key assumptions that impact the estimated fair values of customer relationship intangible assets, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions. to illustrate the sensitivity of changes in key assumptions used in determining the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the bonded transaction (one of our more significant acquisitions in fiscal year 2017), a hypothetical increase of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows attributable to the bonded transaction, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the calculated fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible assets for the bonded transaction by $4.7 million (or 10.1%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill. a hypothetical decrease of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible asset for the bonded transaction by $3.9 million (or 8.4%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill.
our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy of such assumptions.
impairment of tangible and intangible assets assets subject to depreciation or amortization: we review long-lived assets and all finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include, but are not limited to:
•   a significant decrease in the market price of an asset;
•   a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition;
•   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset;
•   an accumulation of costs significantly greater than the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset;
•   a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset; and
•   a current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
if events indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable, recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of the operation to which the assets relate to their carrying amount. the operations are generally distinguished by the business segment and geographic region in which they operate. if it is determined that we are unable to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the long-lived assets are written down, on a pro rata basis, to fair value. fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending upon the nature of the assets.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets not subject to amortization: goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are reviewed annually for impairment, or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. other than goodwill, we currently have no intangible assets that have indefinite lives and which are not amortized.
we have selected october 1 as our annual goodwill impairment review date. we performed our annual goodwill impairment review as of october 1, 2015 and 2016, concluding that no goodwill was impaired as of such dates. we performed our annual goodwill impairment review as of october 1, 2017 and, as a result of that review, we determined that the fair value of the consumer storage reporting unit (formerly referred to as the adjacent businesses - consumer storage reporting unit) was less than its carrying value and, therefore, we recorded a $3.0 million impairment charge on the goodwill associated with this reporting unit during the fourth quarter of 2017, which represents a write-off of all goodwill associated with this reporting unit. we concluded that goodwill associated with the remainder of our reporting units was not impaired as of october 1, 2017. our reporting units at which level we performed our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2017 were as follows: (1) north american records and information management; (2) north american data management; (3) global data center; (4) consumer storage; (5) fine arts (formerly referred to as the adjacent businesses - fine arts reporting unit); (6) western europe; (7) northern/eastern europe and middle east, africa and india (the "nee and meai reporting unit"); (8) latin america; (9) australia and new zealand; and (10) asia (formerly referred to as the southeast asia reporting unit). see note 2.h. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of our reporting units.
based on our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2017, our north american records and information management, north american data management, western europe, nee and meai and asia reporting units had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by greater than 20%. these reporting units represent approximately $3,538.2 million, or 86.9%, of our consolidated goodwill balance at december 31, 2017. our global data center reporting unit does not have goodwill. our consumer storage reporting unit as of december 31, 2017 does not have goodwill, as the $3.0 million impairment charge disclosed above represented a full write-down of the goodwill associated with this reporting unit. our fine arts, latin america and australia and new zealand reporting units had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by less than 20%. these reporting units (including the entertainment services reporting unit that was created in the fourth quarter of 2017, as described below) represent approximately $532.1 million, or 13.1%, of our consolidated goodwill balance at december 31, 2017. the following is a summary of the fine arts, latin america and australia and new zealand reporting units, including goodwill balances (in thousands), percentage by which the fair value of these reporting units exceeded its carrying value, and certain key assumptions used by us in determining the fair value of the reporting unit as of october 1, 2017:
reporting unit                  goodwill balance at october 1, 2017          percentage by which the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the reporting unit carrying value as of october 1, 2017                                                                                      key assumptions in the fair value of reporting unit measurement as of october 1, 2017
discount rate                                                                    average annual contribution margin used in discounted cash flow          average annual capital expenditures as percentage of revenue(1)               terminal growth rate(2)
*    the fair value of the reporting unit approximates the carrying value of the reporting unit at october 1, 2017.
(1)   for purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, the term "capital expenditures" includes both growth investment and maintenance capital expenditures.
as described below, reporting unit valuations are generally determined using a combined approach based on the income approach and market multiple approach (both as defined below). there are inherent uncertainties and judgments involved when determining the fair value of the reporting units for purposes of our annual goodwill impairment testing. the following includes supplemental information to the table above for those reporting units where the estimated fair values exceeded their carrying values by less than 20% as of october 1, 2017. the success of each of these businesses and the achievement of certain key assumptions developed by management and used in the discounted cash flow analyses are contingent upon various factors including, but not limited to, (i) achieving volume growth from existing customers, (ii) sales to new customers, (iii) increased market penetration, (iv) successful execution of pricing initiatives and (v) successful facility optimization and site consolidation plans.
our fine arts business operates in a growing, but fragmented, industry marked by increasing international interest and changes in purchasing habits by collectors and museums. we believe the increase in contemporary art as a focus for collectors will result in increasing storage needs, while the increase in auction "turnover" (the rate at which catalogs, collections and individual pieces are made available for auction) has heightened the need for transportation, shipping, and related services. taken together, we believe these factors will result in continued growth of the fine art storage industry. the fine arts storage market continues to change and expand, and the assumptions used when determining the fair value of the fine arts reporting unit reflect this growth potential and the capital needs required to respond to the expansion opportunities. the fine arts reporting unit is primarily composed of a business we acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015; therefore, we would expect the fair value of this reporting unit to closely approximate carrying value.
our australia and new zealand business operates in a more mature and established market. in 2016, we completed the sale of the australia divestment business, which consisted of the majority of our legacy business in australia as it existed prior to the recall transaction. accordingly, our australia and new zealand business is primarily comprised of the australia and new zealand businesses we acquired as part of the recall transaction in 2016. therefore, we would expect the fair value of this reporting unit to closely approximate its carrying value.
our latin america business operates in emerging markets. the success of this business is driven by our ability to improve contribution margin through operational efficiencies. we have completed many acquisitions in our latin america business over the past several years and we continue to integrate these acquisitions into our existing operations. our ability to drive our growth agenda while also maintaining cost discipline as we integrate our acquisitions will be important to the success of our latin america business.
key factors that could reasonably be expected to have a negative impact on the estimated fair value of these reporting units and potentially result in impairment charges include, but are not limited to: (i) a deterioration in general economic conditions, (ii) significant adverse changes in legal factors or in the business climate, and (iii) adverse actions or assessment by regulators, all of which could result in adverse changes to the key assumptions used in valuing the reporting units. the inability to meet the assumptions used in the income approach and market approach for each of the reporting units, or future adverse market conditions not currently known, could lead to a fair value that is less than the carrying value in any one of our reporting units.
as of december 31, 2017, no factors were identified that would alter our october 1, 2017 goodwill impairment analysis. in making this assessment, we considered a number of factors including operating results, business plans, anticipated future cash flows, transactions and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. as described more fully in note 2.h. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, during the fourth quarter of 2017, as a result of changes in the management of our entertainment storage and services business, we reassessed the composition of our reportable operating segments as well as our reporting units. we determined that our entertainment storage and services businesses in the united states and canada, which were previously included within our north american data management reporting unit, were being managed in conjunction with our entertainment storage and services businesses in france, hong kong, the netherlands and the united kingdom (the majority of which were acquired during the third quarter of 2017 as part of the bonded transaction). this newly formed reporting unit is referred to as the entertainment services reporting unit. the fair value of the entertainment services reporting unit closely approximated its carrying value as of december 31, 2017.
reporting unit valuations are generally determined using a combined approach based on the present value of future cash flows (the "income approach") and market multiples (the "market multiple approach"). the income approach incorporates many assumptions including future growth rates and operating margins, discount rate factors, expected capital expenditures and income tax cash flows. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. in conjunction with our annual goodwill impairment reviews, we reconcile the sum of the valuations of all of our reporting units to our market capitalization as of such dates.
although we believe we have sufficient historical and projected information available to us to test for goodwill impairment, it is possible that actual results could differ from the estimates used in our impairment tests. of the key assumptions that impact the goodwill impairment test, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions, as changes to these estimates could have an effect on the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units. we have assessed the sensitivity of these assumptions on each of our reporting units as of october 1, 2017. with respect to the north american records and information management, north american data management, western europe, nee and meai and asia reporting units as of october 1, 2017, we noted that, based on the estimated fair value of these reporting units determined as of october 1, 2017, (i) a hypothetical decrease of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows of these reporting units, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the estimated fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2017 by approximately 10.0% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their estimated fair value; and (ii) a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the estimated fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2017 by a range of approximately 6.1% to 7.8% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their estimated fair value. with respect to the fine arts, latin america and australia and new zealand reporting units, we noted that, as of october 1, 2017, the estimated fair value of these reporting units exceeds their carrying value by less than 20%. accordingly, any significant negative change in either the expected annual future cash flows of these reporting units or the discount rate may result in the carrying value of these reporting units exceeding their estimated fair value.
income taxes as a reit, we are generally permitted to deduct from our federal taxable income the dividends we pay to our stockholders. the income represented by such dividends is not subject to federal taxation at the entity level but is taxed, if at all, at the stockholder level. the income of our domestic trss, which hold our domestic operations that may not be reit-compliant as currently operated and structured, is subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income tax. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal income tax purposes or trss. we will also be subject to a separate corporate income tax on any gains recognized on the sale or disposition of any asset previously owned by a c corporation during a five-year period following the date on which that asset was first owned by a reit that are attributable to "built-in" gains with respect to that asset on that date (e.g. with respect to the reit conversion, the assets that we owned on january 1, 2014). this built-in gains tax has been imposed on our depreciation recapture recognized into income as a result of accounting method changes commenced in our pre-reit period and in connection with the recall transaction. if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate income tax rates. even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed with respect to our trs operations. in particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for reits, many states do not completely follow federal rules and some do not follow them at all.
accounting for income taxes requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that the change is enacted. valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standard as defined in gaap. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the recoverability of the asset.
we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2023 through 2036, of $66.3 million at december 31, 2017 to reduce future federal taxable income, of which $1.7 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given available year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2018 through 2036, of which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $103.6 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 59%. if actual results differ unfavorably from certain of our estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred income tax assets and additional valuation allowances may be required. although we believe our estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that our estimates reflected in the tax provisions and accruals will equal our actual results. these differences could have a material impact on our income tax provision and operating results in the period in which such determination is made.
the evaluation of an uncertain tax position is a two-step process. the first step is a recognition process whereby we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. the second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. as of december 31, 2016 and 2017, we had approximately $59.5 million and $38.5 million, respectively, of reserves related to uncertain tax positions. the reversal of these reserves will be recorded as a reduction of our income tax provision if sustained. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
following our conversion to a reit in 2014, we concluded that it was not our intent to reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries indefinitely outside the united states.
during 2016, as a result of the closing of the recall transaction and the subsequent integration of recall's operations into our operations, we again reassessed our intentions regarding the indefinite reinvestment of such undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries outside the united states (the "2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment"). as a result of the 2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment, we concluded that it is our intent to indefinitely reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of certain of our unconverted foreign trss outside the united states and, therefore, during 2016, we recognized a decrease in our provision for income taxes from continuing operations in the amount of $3.3 million, representing the reversal of previously recognized incremental foreign withholding taxes on the earnings of such unconverted foreign trss. as a result of the 2016 indefinite reinvestment assessment, we no longer provide incremental foreign withholding taxes on the retained book earnings of these unconverted foreign trss, which was approximately $230.0 million as of december 31, 2017. as a reit, future repatriation of incremental undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries will not be subject to federal or state income tax, with the exception of foreign withholding taxes in limited instances; however, such future repatriations will require distribution in accordance with reit distribution rules, and any such distribution may then be taxable, as appropriate, at the stockholder level. we continue, however, to provide for incremental foreign withholding taxes on net book over outside basis differences related to the earnings of our foreign qrss and certain other foreign trss (excluding unconverted foreign trss).
tax reform on december 22, 2017, the tax reform legislation was enacted into law in the united states. the tax reform legislation amends the code to reduce tax rates and modify policies, credits and deductions for businesses and individuals. the following summarizes certain components of the tax reform legislation that had an impact on our results of operations for the taxable year ended december 31, 2017, or that we expect could have an impact on our results of operations in future taxable periods:
a.corporate tax rate reduction the tax reform legislation reduced the united states corporate federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 (the "u.s. federal rate reduction"). our deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settle. as a result of the tax reform legislation being enacted prior to december 31, 2017, our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017 reflects the revaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the u.s. federal rate reduction. during the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded a discrete tax benefit of approximately $4.7 million, representing the revaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the u.s. federal rate reduction included in the tax reform legislation.
beginning with our taxable year ending december 31, 2018, we expect that the u.s. federal rate reduction will both increase the after-tax earnings of our trss and result in a lower overall structural tax rate (or adjusted effective tax rate) compared to our taxable year ended december 31, 2017.
b.deemed repatriation transition tax the tax reform legislation imposes a transition tax (the "deemed repatriation transition tax") on a mandatory deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits not previously subject to united states tax as of november 2, 2017 or december 31, 2017, whichever is greater (the "undistributed e&p") as of the last taxable year beginning before january 1, 2018. the deemed repatriation transition tax varies depending on whether the undistributed e&p is held in liquid (as defined in the tax reform legislation) or non-liquid assets. a participation deduction against the deemed repatriation will result in a deemed repatriation transition tax on undistributed e&p of 15.5% if held in cash and liquid assets and 8% if held in non-liquid assets. the deemed repatriation transition tax applies regardless of whether or not an entity has cash in its foreign subsidiaries and regardless of whether the entity actually repatriates the undistributed e&p back to the united states.
our current estimate of the amount of undistributed e&p deemed repatriated under the tax reform legislation in our taxable year ending december 31, 2017 is approximately $186.0 million (the "estimated undistributed e&p"). we have opted to include the full amount of estimated undistributed e&p in our 2017 taxable income, rather than spread it over eight years (as permitted by the tax reform legislation). accordingly, included in our reit taxable income for 2017 is approximately $82.0 million related to the deemed repatriation of undistributed e&p (the "deemed repatriation taxable income"). to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gains) each year to our stockholders.
we have considered the estimated undistributed e&p when determining the federal income tax characterization of our 2017 dividends (see note 13 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). as a result of the inclusion of the estimated undistributed e&p in 2017, $0.531000 per share, or approximately 90%, of the cash dividend paid on january 2, 2018 with a record date of december 15, 2017 (the "january 2018 distribution") has been treated as a 2017 distribution for united states federal income tax purposes and $0.056500, or approximately 10%, of the january 2018 distribution will be treated as a 2018 distribution for united states federal income tax purposes.
our current estimate of estimated undistributed e&p includes certain assumptions made by us regarding the cumulative earnings and profits of our foreign subsidiaries, as well as the characterization of such estimated undistributed e&p (liquid versus non-liquid assets). in 2018, we will perform additional analysis to determine the actual amount of undistributed e&p associated with our foreign subsidiaries, as well as the characterization of such undistributed e&p. we do not believe this will have an impact on our provision for income taxes or our qualification as a reit. however, it may impact our shareholder dividend reporting.
c.full expensing of qualified property the tax reform legislation permits us to expense 100% of the cost of qualified property placed in service after september 27, 2017 and before january 1, 2023 (the "full expensing provision"). the full expensing provision is phased down by 20% per calendar year beginning in 2023, with normal depreciation rules applicable after that. we elected to fully expense qualified property placed in service after september 27, 2017. our application of the full expensing provision in our 2017 taxable year resulted in a $3.8 million reduction of 2017 taxable income, resulting in a reduction of cash taxes of approximately $1.3 million.
beginning with our taxable year ending december 31, 2018, we expect the full expensing provision to result in higher deductions being available to us, primarily associated with our united states trss, for purposes of determining our united states federal taxable income, which we expect will result in lower overall normalized cash taxes compared to our taxable year ended december 31, 2017.
d.global intangible low-taxed income for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017, the tax reform legislation introduces new provisions intended to prevent the erosion of the united states federal income tax base through the taxation of certain global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"). gilti creates a new requirement that certain income earned by controlled foreign corporations ("cfcs") must be included currently in the gross income of the cfc's united states tax resident shareholder. generally, gilti is the excess of the united states shareholders' pro rata portion of the income of its foreign subsidiaries over the net deemed tangible income return of such subsidiaries.
gilti also provides for certain deductions against the inclusion of gilti in taxable income; however, reits are not eligible for such deductions. therefore, 100% of our gilti will be included in our taxable income and will increase the required minimum distribution to our stockholders, similar to the subpart f income inclusion we are subject to today.
we are currently in the process of developing our estimates of gilti. provided that the income associated with gilti will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests that we are required to satisfy, we do not expect gilti to impact our provision for income taxes. however, we do expect gilti to impact the united states federal income tax characterization of dividends that we expect to pay in future taxable years. please see "risks related to our taxation as a reit" within item 1a. risk factors included in this annual report for additional information regarding the uncertainty pertaining to income that we are required to recognize on account of the tax reform legislation being treated as qualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests that we are required to satisfy.
e.interest deduction limitation the tax reform legislation also limits, for certain entities, the deduction for net interest expense to the sum of business interest income plus 30% of adjusted taxable income (the "interest deduction limitation"). adjusted taxable income is defined in the tax reform legislation similar to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2017 and before january 1, 2022, and is defined similar to earnings before interest and taxes ("ebit") for taxable years beginning after december 31, 2021.
the interest deduction limitation does not apply to companies that make an election to be treated as a "real property trade or business". we are currently in the process of determining if we will be subject to the interest deduction limitation, in order to determine whether or not to elect to be treated as a "real property trade or business" under the tax reform legislation.
if we do not elect to be treated as a "real property trade or business", we will remain subject to the interest deduction limitation and may be limited in the amount of interest expense we can deduct for united states federal income tax purposes beginning in our taxable year ending december 31, 2018. if we do elect to be treated as a "real property trade or business", we will be required to utilize the alternative depreciation system ("ads") for our real property. the use of the ads may result in a tax accounting method change, which could require us to pay additional cash taxes in future taxable years.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2.w. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements, including those recently adopted.
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests              2,409                              1,611                (798   )         (33.1   )%
adjusted ebitda(1)                                          $1,087,288                         $1,260,196            $172,908              15.9   %
adjusted ebitda margin(1)                                         31.0      %                        32.8     %
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests              1,962                              2,409                     447             22.8   %
adjusted ebitda(1)                                            $920,005                         $1,087,288                $167,283             18.2   %
adjusted ebitda margin(1)                                         30.6      %                        31.0     %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
revenues percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)              internalgrowth(2)
percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)              internalgrowth(2)
(1)   constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2016 results at the 2017 average exchange rates and the 2015 results at the 2016 average exchange rates.
(2)   our internal revenue growth rate, which is a non-gaap measure, represents the year-over-year growth rate of our revenues excluding the impact of business acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the revenues generated by recall have been integrated with our existing revenues and it is impracticable for us to determine actual recall revenue contribution for the applicable periods. therefore, our internal revenue growth rates exclude the impact of revenues associated with the recall transaction based upon forecasted or budgeted recall revenues beginning in the third quarter of 2016 through the one-year anniversary of the recall transaction. our internal revenue growth rate includes the impact of acquisitions of customer relationships.
storage rental revenues in the year ended december 31, 2017, the increase in reported consolidated storage revenue was driven by the favorable impact of acquisitions/divestitures, consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth and favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 6.5% to the reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal storage rental revenue growth of 3.9% in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period was driven by internal storage rental revenue growth of 3.2% in our north american records and information management business segment, due to net price increases, as well as internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.4%, 2.3% and 6.6% in our north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively, primarily driven by volume increases. excluding the impact of acquisitions/divestitures, global records management net volumes as of december 31, 2017 increased by 1.1% over the ending volume as of december 31, 2016. global records management reported net volumes, including acquisitions/divestitures, as of december 31, 2017 increased by 1.7% over the ending volume at december 31, 2016, supported by volume increases of 1.7% and 6.0% in our western european business and other international business segments, respectively. ending net volume including acquisitions/divestitures at december 31, 2017 in our north american records and information management business segment was flat compared to the ending net volume at december 31, 2016 due to customers generating fewer documents requiring storage. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 by 0.6%, compared to the prior year period.
in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 16.8% to the reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.3% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven by internal storage rental revenue growth of 1.0%, 1.9%, 0.8% and 8.5% in our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively, primarily driven by volume increases. excluding the impact of acquisitions, global records management net volumes as of december 31, 2016 increased by 1.7% over the ending volume as of december 31, 2015. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 by 2.5%, compared to the prior year period. global records management reported net volumes, including the impact of acquisitions, as of december 31, 2016 increased by 26.3% over the ending volume at december 31, 2015, supported by volume increases across each of our reportable operating segments, primarily associated with the acquisition of recall.
service revenues in the year ended december 31, 2017, the increase in reported consolidated service revenue was driven by the favorable impact of acquisitions/divestitures and favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by negative internal service revenue growth compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 6.9% to the reported service revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased our reported service revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 by 0.7%, compared to the prior year period. internal service revenue growth was negative 0.3% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the prior year period. the negative internal service revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 reflects continued declines in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business and western european business segments as well as declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment, as the storage business becomes more archival in nature, and declines in project activity in our other international business segment. these declines were partially offset by growth in secure shredding revenues in our north american records and information management business segment, in part due to higher recycled paper prices and increased project activity in our western european business segment.
in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was partially offset by negative consolidated internal service revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 20.5% to the reported service revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal service revenue growth was negative 0.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the prior year period. the negative internal service revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business and western european business segments, as well as continued declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment, as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. in the north american records and information management business segment, our internal service revenue growth rate of 1.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016 was driven by special project revenue recognized in the first quarter of 2016 and growth in secure shredding revenues, as well as the stabilization in recent periods of the decline in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. our internal service revenue growth rates of negative 10.2% and negative 5.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016 in our north american data management and western european business segments, respectively, are reflecting more recent reductions in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues.
total revenues for the reasons stated above, our reported consolidated revenues increased $334.1 million, or 9.5%, to $3,845.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 from $3,511.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 6.6% to the reported consolidated revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. consolidated internal revenue growth was 2.3% in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations increased our reported consolidated revenue by 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the strengthening of the australian dollar, brazilian real, canadian dollar and the euro against the united states dollar, somewhat offset by the weakening of the british pound sterling against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods.
for the reasons stated above, our consolidated revenues increased $503.5 million, or 16.7%, to $3,511.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $3,008.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 18.2% to the reported consolidated revenue growth rates for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. consolidated internal revenue growth was 1.2% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period. these increases were partially offset by the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which decreased our reported consolidated revenue by 2.7% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar and the euro against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods.
internal growth-eight-quarter trend
we expect our consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth rate for 2018 to be approximately 3.0% to 3.5%. during the past eight quarters, our internal storage rental revenue growth rate has ranged between 2.1% and 4.8%. consolidated internal storage rental revenue growth and consolidated total internal revenue growth benefited by approximately 0.8% and 0.5%, respectively, in the second quarter of 2017, from a $4.2 million customer termination fee in our global data center business segment. our internal storage rental revenue growth rates have improved over the past two fiscal years, as internal storage rental revenue growth for full year 2016 and 2017 was 2.3% and 3.9%, respectively. at various points in the economic cycle, internal storage rental revenue growth may be influenced by changes in pricing and volume. in north america, internal storage rental revenue growth in 2017 resulted primarily from price increases in our north american records and information management business segment as well as internal storage rental revenue growth in our north american data management business segment, although north america volume continues to be flat due to customers generating fewer documents requiring storage. in 2018, we expect this trend of flat to modestly decreasing volume growth to continue with organic growth to come primarily from increased pricing in our north american records and information management business and north american data management business segments and volume growth in our other international business segment. within our international portfolio, the western european business segment is generating consistent low single-digit internal storage rental revenue growth, while the other international business segment is producing mid to high single-digit internal storage rental revenue growth by capturing the first-time outsourcing trends for physical records storage and management in those markets. the internal growth rate for service revenue is inherently more volatile than the internal growth rate for storage rental revenues due to the more discretionary nature of certain services we offer, such as large special projects, and, as a commodity, the volatility of pricing for recycled paper. these revenues, which are often event-driven and impacted to a greater extent by economic downturns as customers defer or cancel the purchase of certain services as a way to reduce their short-term costs, may be difficult to replicate in future periods. the internal growth rate for total service revenues over the past eight quarters reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business and western european business segments, as well as continued service declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment as the storage business becomes more archival in nature.
year ended december 31,                                                  percentagechange                % ofconsolidatedrevenues         percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable
2016                                                    2017                              dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency               2016                 2017
facilities                              522,696                     581,112              58,416              11.2     %             10.4          %        14.9      %          15.1      %                       0.2   %
recall costs                             11,963                      20,493               8,530              71.3     %             67.3          %         0.3      %           0.5      %                       0.2   %
year ended december 31,                                                       percentage                          % of            percentage change                  consolidated                change revenues          (favorable)/
2015                                                    2016                              dollarchange           actual           constantcurrency           2015           2016
facilities                              425,882                     522,696              96,814              22.7     %            25.9          %      14.2    %      14.9    %          0.7        %
recall costs                                  -                      11,963              11,963             100.0     %           100.0          %         -    %       0.3    %          0.3        %
labor labor expenses decreased to 20.4% of consolidated revenues in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 21.5% in the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was primarily driven by an approximately 100 basis point decrease in labor expenses associated with our north american records and information management business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenues, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. on a constant dollar basis, labor expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $24.3 million, or 3.2%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues were flat during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as decreases in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our north american records and information management business segment were offset by an increase in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our other international business segment. the 75 basis point decrease in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue associated with our north american records and information management business segment was primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. the 52 basis point increase in labor expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue associated with our other international business segment was primarily associated with increased wages and benefits. labor expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $126.4 million, or 20.1%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
facilities facilities expenses increased to 15.1% of consolidated revenues in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 14.9% in the year ended december 31, 2016. the 20 basis points increase in facilities expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was primarily driven by an increase in rent expense as a result of the acquisition of recall, as recall's real estate portfolio contains a more significant proportion of leased facilities than our real estate portfolio as it existed prior to the closing of the recall transaction. on a constant dollar basis, facilities expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $55.0 million, or 10.4%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
facilities expenses increased to 14.9% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 14.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the 70 basis point increase in facilities expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven primarily by an increase in rent expense as a result of the acquisition of recall, as recall's real estate portfolio contains a more significant proportion of leased facilities than our real estate portfolio as it existed prior to the closing of the recall transaction, partially offset by a decrease in other facilities costs. the decrease in other facilities costs was primarily driven by lower utilities and building maintenance costs associated with our north american records and information management business segment, as well as lower property taxes associated with our western european business segment. facilities expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $107.6 million, or 25.9%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
transportation transportation expenses decreased to 3.7% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 3.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in transportation expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven by a decrease in vehicle lease expense, primarily associated with our north american records and information management business segment, partially offset by an increase in third party carrier costs as a percentage of consolidated revenue, primarily associated with our other international business segment. on a constant dollar basis, transportation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $9.2 million, or 6.9%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
transportation expenses increased to 3.8% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 3.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in transportation expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven by a 40 basis point increase in third party carrier costs as a percentage of consolidated revenues, primarily associated with our other international business segment. transportation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $33.3 million, or 33.6%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
product cost of sales and other product cost of sales and other, which includes cartons, media and other service, storage and supply costs and is highly correlated to service revenue streams, particularly project revenues, decreased to 4.0% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 4.1% in the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in product cost of sales and other was driven by special project costs. on a constant dollar basis, product cost of sales and other increased by $9.5 million, or 6.5%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, product cost of sales and other increased by $32.1 million, or 28.5%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
recall costs recall costs included in cost of sales were $20.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, and primarily consisted of employee severance costs and facility integration costs including labor, maintenance, transportation and other costs related to building moves and consolidation. recall costs included in cost of sales were $12.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, and primarily consisted of employee severance costs.
year ended december 31,                                                   percentage                % ofconsolidatedrevenues         percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable change dollarchange
sales, marketing &amp; account management                238,178                    253,117            14,939                       6.3   %           6.0   %          6.8      %           6.6      %                      (0.2   )%
information technology                                   116,923                    132,110            15,187                      13.0   %          12.8   %          3.3      %           3.4      %                       0.1   %
recall costs                                             119,981                     64,408           (55,573   )                 (46.3   )%        (46.8   )%         3.4      %           1.7      %                      (1.7   )%
year ended december 31,                                                    percentagechange                % ofconsolidatedrevenues         percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable
2015                                                                     2016                           dollar change             actual            constantcurrency               2015                 2016
sales, marketing &amp; account management                214,029                   238,178              24,149                11.3     %             13.8          %         7.1      %           6.8      %                      (0.3   )%
information technology                                    99,632                   116,923              17,291                17.4     %             20.3          %         3.3      %           3.3      %                         -   %
recall costs                                              47,014                   119,981              72,967               155.2     %            155.2          %         1.6      %           3.4      %   1.8                       %
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased to 13.5% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 14.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven mainly by a decrease in compensation expense, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, partially offset by an increase in professional fees associated with innovation initiatives. on a constant dollar basis, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $14.4 million, or 2.8%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
general and administrative expenses decreased to 14.4% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 15.6% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues was driven mainly by a decrease in compensation expense, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, a decrease in professional fees and decreased travel and entertainment expenses. general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $46.7 million, or 10.2%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
sales, marketing & account management sales, marketing and account management expenses decreased to 6.6% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 6.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was driven by a decrease in sales, marketing and account management expenses in our north american records and information business segment primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. on a constant dollar basis, sales, marketing and account management expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $14.4 million, or 6.0%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
sales, marketing and account management expenses decreased to 6.8% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 7.1% in 2015. the decrease was driven by a decrease in sales, marketing and account management expenses in our north american records and information management business segment, primarily associated with compensation growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. sales, marketing and account management expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $28.9 million, or 13.8%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
information technology information technology expenses increased to 3.4% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 3.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016. information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues reflect an increase in professional fees and software maintenance and license fees, partially offset by lower compensation expense, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall. on a constant dollar basis, information technology expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $15.0 million, or 12.8%, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue were flat during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as increases in information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues in our corporate and other business segment were offset by decreases in information technology expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenue in our north american records and information management business and western european business segments. information technology expenses in our corporate and other business segment increased due mainly to higher software maintenance and license fees while decreases in information technology expenses across our north american records and information management and western european business segments were primarily due to decreased compensation expense. information technology expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $19.7 million, or 20.3%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall.
bad debt expense we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts that is calculated based on our past loss experience, current and prior trends in our aged receivables, current economic conditions, and specific circumstances of individual receivable balances. we continue to monitor our customers' payment activity and make adjustments based on their financial condition and in light of historical and expected trends. consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased to 0.4% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 0.2% for the year ended december 31, 2016. on a constant dollar basis, bad debt expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $6.1 million, or 70.7%, compared to the prior year period primarily due to higher bad debt expense in our other international business segment.
consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased to 0.2% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 0.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015. bad debt expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased by $6.6 million, or 43.1%, on a constant dollar basis compared to the prior year period.
recall costs recall costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were $64.4 million and $120.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and primarily consisted of advisory and professional fees, as well as severance costs. recall costs included in selling, general and administrative expenses were $47.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, and primarily consisted of advisory and professional fees.
depreciation and amortization depreciation expense increased $40.8 million, or 11.2%, on a reported dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the increased depreciation of property, plant and equipment acquired in the recall transaction. see note 2.f. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding the useful lives over which our property, plant and equipment is depreciated. depreciation expense increased $64.3 million, or 21.3%, on a reported dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to the increased depreciation of property, plant and equipment acquired in the recall transaction.
amortization expense increased $29.3 million, or 33.7%, on a reported dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the increased amortization of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the recall transaction, which are amortized over a weighted average useful life of 13 years. amortization expense increased $42.5 million, or 96.2%, on a reported dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to the increased amortization of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in the recall transaction.
interest expense, net increased $42.9 million to $353.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 from $310.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. interest expense, net increased $46.8 million to $310.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 from $263.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in interest expense, net in each of the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 compared to the prior year period was the result of higher average debt outstanding during those periods. our weighted average interest rate was 5.0% and 5.2% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding our indebtedness.
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
foreign currency transaction losses, net       $20,413                  $43,248           $22,835
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
foreign currency transaction losses, net      $70,851                   $20,413         $(50,438      )
foreign currency transaction losses we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $43.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2017, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the british pound sterling, canadian dollar and euro against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2016 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries and euro denominated bonds issued by imi (the euro notes, as defined below). these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the australian dollar, mexican peso and russian ruble against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2016 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts.
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $20.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2016, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, british pound sterling and mexican peso against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2015 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries. these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the brazilian real, euro and russian ruble against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2015 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries.
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $70.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from the impact of changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, brazilian real, euro, russian ruble and ukrainian hryvnia against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts. these losses were partially offset by gains resulting primarily from the impact of a change in the exchange rate of the british pound sterling against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on our intercompany balances with and between certain of our subsidiaries, as well as a change in the exchange rate of the euro against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014 on euro denominated bonds issued by imi.
debt extinguishment expense during the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $78.4 million primarily related to the early extinguishment of (i) the 6% notes due 2020, (ii) the cad notes due 2021 and (iii) the gbp notes due 2022 (each as defined and described more fully in note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), consisting of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs and call premiums. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $9.3 million related to the termination of the bridge facility (as defined and described more fully in note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), which primarily consists of the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $27.3 million related to (i) the refinancing of the credit agreement in the third quarter of 2015 and (ii) the early extinguishment of the 63/4% euro senior subordinated notes due 2018, 73/4% senior subordinated notes due 2019 and the remaining portion outstanding of the 83/8% senior subordinated notes due 2021 in the fourth quarter of 2015. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs.
other, net other, net in the year ended december 31, 2017 includes a gain of $38.9 million associated with the russia and ukraine divestment (see note 14 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). other, net in the year ended december 31, 2016 includes a charge of $15.4 million associated with the loss on disposal of the australia divestment business and a charge of $1.4 million associated with the loss on disposal of the iron mountain canadian divestments, partially offset by $0.8 million of gains associated with a deferred compensation plan we sponsor. other, net in the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $0.6 million of losses related to the write-down of certain investments.
provision (benefit) for income taxes our effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 were 23.3%, 30.6% and 12.0%, respectively. our effective tax rate is subject to variability in the future due to, among other items: (1) changes in the mix of income between our qrss and our trss, as well as among the jurisdictions in which we operate; (2) tax law changes; (3) volatility in foreign exchange gains and losses; (4) the timing of the establishment and reversal of tax reserves; and (5) our ability to utilize net operating losses that we generate.
the primary reconciling items between the former federal statutory rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $51.6 million and an out-of-period tax adjustment ($9.0 million tax benefit) recorded during the third quarter to correct the valuation of certain deferred tax assets associated with the reit conversion that occurred in 2014, partially offset by valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $33.5 million, primarily related to our foreign subsidiaries in argentina, brazil, france and russia.
the primary reconciling items between the former federal statutory tax rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $18.5 million and the impact of differences in the tax rates at which our foreign earnings are subject resulting in a tax benefit of $13.3 million, partially offset by valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $7.7 million.
the primary reconciling items between the former federal statutory tax rate of 35.0% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $78.9 million, the impact of differences in the tax rates at which our foreign earnings are subject resulting in a tax benefit of $11.9 million, a release of valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $4.3 million as a result of the merger of certain of our foreign subsidiaries, partially offset by the impact of the tax reform legislation of $24.8 million (reflecting the impact of the deemed repatriation transition tax, partially offset by the impact of the u.s. federal rate reduction).
as a reit, we are entitled to a deduction for dividends paid, resulting in a substantial reduction of federal income tax expense. as a reit, substantially all of our income tax expense will be incurred based on the earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic trss.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax consolidated gain on sale of real estate, net of tax for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $1.6 million and consisted primarily of the sale of land and a building in the united states for net proceeds of approximately $12.7 million. consolidated gain on sale of real estate, net of tax for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $2.2 million, associated with the sale of certain land and buildings in north america. consolidated gain on sale of real estate, net of tax for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $0.9 million, associated with the sale of a building in the united kingdom.
income from continuing operations and adjusted ebitda (in thousands)
the following table reflects the effect of the foregoing factors on our consolidated income from continuing operations and adjusted ebitda:
year ended december 31,         dollarchange          percentage change
adjusted ebitda                                                                $1,087,288                  $1,260,196            $172,908                   15.9          %
adjusted ebitda margin                                                               31.0     %                  32.8     %
year ended december 31,   dollarchange                percentage change
adjusted ebitda                                                                $920,005                  $1,087,288         $167,283             18.2                   %
adjusted ebitda margin                                                             30.6     %                  31.0     %
(loss) income from discontinued operations, net of tax was $(6.3) million and $3.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, primarily related to the operations of the recall divestments (as defined in note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to imi of $1.6 million, $2.4 million and $2.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. these amounts represent our noncontrolling partners' share of earnings/losses in our majority-owned international subsidiaries that are consolidated in our operating results.
during the fourth quarter of 2017, as a result of changes in the management of our entertainment storage and services business, we reassessed the composition of our reportable operating segments. as a result of this reassessment, we determined that our entertainment storage and services businesses in the united states and canada, which were previously included within our north american data management business segment, were now being managed in conjunction with our entertainment storage and services businesses in france, hong kong, the netherlands and the united kingdom (the majority of which were acquired in the third quarter of 2017 as part of the bonded transaction) as a component of our adjacent businesses operating segment which is included within our corporate and other business reportable operating segment.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2017, we determined that our global data center business was now being managed as a separate reportable operating segment, rather than as a component of our adjacent businesses operating segment. we now present our global data center business operating segment as a separate reportable operating segment.
as a result of the changes noted above, previously reported segment information has been restated to conform to the current presentation. see note 9 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of our reportable operating segments.
north american records and information management business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange          actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                  $775,717                    $884,158            $108,441
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)            40.2     %                  43.1     %
year ended december 31,                                                       percentage change dollarchange                            constantcurrency            internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                  $714,639                      $775,717                     $61,078
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)            40.3      %   40.2                     %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
(2)   segment adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing segment adjusted ebitda by total segment revenues.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment increased 6.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 3.6% to the reported revenue growth rate in our north american records and information management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth of 2.4% in the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily the result of (i) internal storage rental revenue growth of 3.2% in the year ended december 31, 2017, due to net price increases and (ii) internal service revenue growth of 1.1% in the year ended december 31, 2017, driven by growth in secure shredding revenues, in part due to higher recycled paper prices, partially offset by a decline in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. adjusted ebitda margin increased 290 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by a decrease in wages and benefits as a percentage of segment revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, as well as lower professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment increased 8.7% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 8.2% to the reported revenue growth rate in our north american records and information management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. the internal revenue growth in the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily the result of internal storage rental revenue growth of 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as well as internal service revenue growth of 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, which was driven by special project revenue recognized in the first quarter of 2016 and growth in secure shredding revenues, as well as the stabilization in recent periods of the decline in retrieval/re-file activity and the related decrease in transportation revenues. adjusted ebitda margin decreased 10 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by increased wages and benefits, rent expense and building maintenance and transportation costs, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenues, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, as well as a decrease in bad debt expense and professional fees.
north american data management business year ended december 31,                                                      percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $224,522                    $223,324                     $(1,198   )
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          57.2      %   55.6                   %
year ended december 31,                                                      percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $203,237                    $224,522                     $21,285
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          53.9      %   57.2                   %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
(2)   segment adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing segment adjusted ebitda by total segment revenues.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment increased 2.2%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, due to the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 3.1% to the reported revenue growth rates in our north american data management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. the negative internal revenue growth of 1.0% for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to negative internal service revenue growth of 7.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017 due to continued declines in service revenue activity levels as the business becomes more archival in nature, partially offset by internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.4% in the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily attributable to volume increases. adjusted ebitda margin decreased 160 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, partially attributable to investments associated with product management and development.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment increased 4.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was partially offset by negative internal revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 6.6% to the reported revenue growth rates in our north american data management business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. the negative internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily attributable to negative internal service revenue growth of 10.2% for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was due to continued declines in service revenue activity levels as the storage business becomes more archival in nature, partially offset by internal storage rental revenue growth of 1.9% in the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily attributable to volume increases. adjusted ebitda margin increased 330 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall.
western european business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $137,506                  $160,024             $22,518
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          30.3     %                31.9     %
percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $120,649                  $137,506             $16,857
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          30.4     %                30.3     %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
(2)   segment adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing segment adjusted ebitda by total segment revenues.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, reported revenue in our western european business segment increased 10.5%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, due to the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 9.6% to the reported revenue growth rates in our western european business segment for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 2.0%, primarily attributable to internal storage rental revenue growth of 2.3% for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily associated with volume increases. for the year ended december 31, 2017, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the western european business segment by 1.1%, compared to the prior year period due to the weakening of the british pound sterling against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda margin increased 160 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenue, associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenue as a result of the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our western european business segment increased 14.3% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the net impact of acquisitions/ divestitures was partially offset by negative internal revenue growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 24.9% to the reported revenue growth rates in our western european business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was negative 1.7%, primarily attributable to negative internal service revenue growth of 5.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016, which was due to reduced retrieval/refile activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2016, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the western european business segment by 8.9% compared to the prior year period due to the weakening of the british pound sterling and euro against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda margin decreased 10 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by an increase in cost of sales as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with increased wages and benefits and rent expense, partially offset by a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with wages and benefits growing at a lower rate than revenues, partially attributable to the transformation initiative and synergies associated with our acquisition of recall, and lower professional fees.
other international business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $169,042                  $226,430             $57,388
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          25.9     %                28.8     %
percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                 $87,341                  $169,042             $81,701
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)          20.7     %                25.9     %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
(2)   segment adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing segment adjusted ebitda by total segment revenues.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, reported revenue in our other international business segment increased 20.3% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, due to the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures, internal revenue growth and favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 13.2% to the reported revenue growth rate in our other international business segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 3.7%, supported by 6.6% internal storage rental revenue growth, primarily due to volume increases, partially offset by negative 0.7% internal service revenue growth, primarily due to decreased project activity. foreign currency fluctuations in the year ended december 31, 2017 resulted in increased revenue, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 3.4% compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the strengthening of the australian dollar, brazilian real and euro against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda margin increased 290 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to a higher margin business in australia as a result of our acquisition of recall and to a lesser extent, synergies associated with our acquisition of recall.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our other international business segment increased 54.9% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. in the year ended december 31, 2016, the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth were partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 59.5% to the reported revenue growth rates in our other international business segment for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of recall. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 7.0%, supported by 8.5% internal storage rental revenue growth. foreign currency fluctuations in the year ended december 31, 2016 resulted in decreased revenue, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 11.6% as compared to the prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar and brazilian real against the united states dollar. adjusted ebitda margin increased 520 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily a result of a decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of segment revenue and a decrease in cost of sales as a percentage of segment revenue, primarily associated with compensation growing at a lower rate than revenue, as well as lower professional fees.
global data center business percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange             actual            constantcurrency           internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $6,212                 $11,275              $5,063
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)        25.6     %              29.9     %
percentage change year ended december 31,             dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency           internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                $1,860                  $6,212                  $4,352
segment adjusted ebitda margin(1)(2)         9.8     %              25.6     %
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definitions of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda margin, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe these non-gaap measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
(2)   segment adjusted ebitda margin is calculated by dividing segment adjusted ebitda by total segment revenues.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, reported revenue in our global data center business segment increased 55.4% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, due to the favorable net impact of acquisitions/divestitures and internal revenue growth. the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures contributed 31.4% to the reported revenue growth rate in our global data center business segment for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the prior year period, primarily driven by our acquisition of mag datacenters llc, which operated fortrust. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 24.0%, supported by 29.0% internal storage rental revenue growth. internal storage rental revenue growth and total internal revenue growth benefited by approximately 14.3% and 13.0%, respectively, from a $4.2 million customer termination fee in the second quarter of 2017. adjusted ebitda margin increased 430 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the customer termination fee mentioned above.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, reported revenue in our global data center business segment increased 27.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, due to internal revenue growth. internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 27.2%, supported by 24.7% internal storage rental revenue growth. adjusted ebitda margin increased 1,580 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to revenue growth.
corporate and other business year ended december 31,                                                     percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                                             $(225,711      )            $(245,015     )              $(19,304   )
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.4     )%                 (6.4    )%
year ended december 31,                                                     percentage change dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
segment adjusted ebitda(1)                                             $(207,721      )            $(225,711     )              $(17,990   )
segment adjusted ebitda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.9     )%                 (6.4    )%
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted ebitda" in this annual report for the definition of adjusted ebitda, a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to income (loss) from continuing operations and a discussion of why we believe this non-gaap measure provides relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenues remained unchanged from the year ended december 31, 2016 at 6.4%. adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment decreased $19.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by an increase in information technology expenses associated with our acquisition of recall, professional fees associated with our innovation investments and $3.5 million of costs associated with natural disasters, primarily hurricane maria, which damaged certain of our facilities in puerto rico in the third quarter of 2017.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenue improved 50 basis points compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusted ebitda in the corporate and other business segment decreased $18.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by the impact of the recall transaction, partially offset by profitability associated with recent acquisitions in our adjacent businesses operating segment. adjusted ebitda in our corporate and other business segment includes approximately $23.3 million of incremental expenses associated with recall for the year ended december 31, 2016.
liquidity and capital resources the following is a summary of our cash balances and cash flows (in thousands) as of and for the years ended december 31,
cash flows from operating activities-continuing operations          $541,760              $541,216              $724,259
cash flows from investing activities-continuing operations          (456,646   )          (632,703   )          (599,448   )
cash flows from financing activities-continuing operations          (108,511   )           125,373               540,425
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $724.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $541.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $183.0 million year-over-year increase in cash flows from operating activities resulted from an increase in net income (including non-cash charges and realized foreign exchange losses) of $224.2 million, offset by an increase in cash used in working capital of $41.2 million, primarily related to the timing of payments associated with our accounts payable year-over-year.
our business requires capital expenditures to maintain our ongoing operations, support our expected revenue growth and new products and services, and increase our profitability. these expenditures are included in the cash flows from investing activities. the nature of our capital expenditures has evolved over time along with the nature of our business. our capital goes to support business-line growth and our ongoing operations, but we also expend capital to support the development and improvement of products and services and projects designed to increase our profitability. these expenditures are generally discretionary in nature. cash paid for our capital expenditures, cash paid for acquisitions (net of cash acquired), acquisition of customer relationships and customer inducements during the year ended december 31, 2017 amounted to $343.1 million, $219.7 million, $55.1 million and $20.1 million, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2017, these expenditures were primarily funded with cash flows from operations, as well as through borrowings under both our former revolving credit facility and the revolving credit facility (each as defined below), as well as the issuance of the euro notes. excluding capital expenditures associated with potential future acquisitions, opportunistic real estate investments and capital expenditures associated with the integration of recall, we expect our capital expenditures on real estate and non-real estate maintenance as well as non-real estate investment to be approximately $155.0 million to $165.0 million, our capital expenditures on our data center business to be approximately $185.0 million, and our capital expenditures on real estate investment and innovation to be approximately $150.0 million to $160.0 million in the year ending december 31, 2018.
net cash provided by financing activities from continuing operations was $540.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, consisting primarily of net proceeds of $910.1 million associated with the issuance and retirement of senior notes, net proceeds of $516.5 million associated with the equity offering and net proceeds of $58.6 million associated with the at the market (atm) equity program, partially offset by the net payments of $512.6 million under both the former revolving credit facility and revolving credit facility (each as defined below), the payment of dividends in the amount of $440.0 million on our common stock and the payment of $14.2 million for debt and equity issuance costs.
as of december 31, 2017, pending their use to finance the purchase price of the iodc transaction, the net proceeds of the equity offering, together with the net proceeds from the 51/4% notes, were used to temporarily repay approximately $807.0 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facility and invest approximately $524.0 million in money market funds.
capital expenditures the following table presents our capital spend for 2015, 2016 and 2017 organized by the type of the spending as described in the "our business fundamentals" section of "item 1. business" included in this annual report. we now separately identify two additional capital expenditure categories, innovation and growth investment capital spend (previously included within non-real estate investment) and data center capital spend (previously included primarily in real estate investment and non-real estate investment). we have reclassified the categorization of our prior year capital expenditures to conform with our current presentation.
year ended december 31, nature of capital spend (in thousands)                                2015                    2016   2017
investment                                                   $151,695                $133,079                $139,822
total real estate capital spend                               204,521                 196,622                 217,482
investment                                                     46,411                  40,509                  56,297
total non-real estate capital spend                            69,783                  61,151                  86,018
data center investment and maintenance capital spend           20,624                  72,728                  92,597
innovation and growth investment capital spend                      -                   8,573                  20,583
total capital spend (on accrual basis)                        294,928                 339,074                 416,680
net (decrease) increase in prepaid capital expenditures          (362    )                374                   1,629
net (increase) decrease accrued capital expenditures           (4,317    )            (10,845    )            (75,178    )
total capital spend (on cash basis)                          $290,249                $328,603                $343,131
(1)   the amount at december 31, 2017 includes approximately $66,800 related to a capital lease associated with our data center in manassas, virginia.
dividends see "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report for information on dividends.
financial instruments and debt financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents (including money market funds and time deposits) and accounts receivable. the only significant concentrations of liquid investments as of december 31, 2017 relate to cash and cash equivalents held on deposit with seven global banks and 12 "triple a" rated money market funds, all of which we consider to be large, highly-rated investment-grade institutions. as per our risk management investment policy, we limit exposure to concentration of credit risk by limiting the amount invested in any one mutual fund to a maximum of $50.0 million or in any one financial institution to a maximum of $75.0 million. as of december 31, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $925.7 million, which included money market funds amounting to $585.0 million and time deposits amounting to $24.5 million.
debt (inclusive of discount)             unamortized deferred financing costs             carrying amount revolving credit facility(1)                                                    $466,593                                      $(14,407              )            $452,186
real estate mortgages, capital leases and other(8)                               649,432                                          (566              )             648,866
accounts receivable securitization program(9)                                    258,973                                          (356              )             258,617
mortgage securitization program(10)                                               50,000                                        (1,273              )              48,727
(1)   the capital stock or other equity interests of most of our united states subsidiaries, and up to 66% of the capital stock or other equity interests of most of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries, are pledged to secure these debt instruments, together with all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) of subsidiaries owed to us or to one of our united states subsidiary guarantors. in addition, iron mountain canada operations, ulc ("canada company") has pledged 66% of the capital stock of its subsidiaries, and all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) owed to or held by it, to secure the canadian dollar subfacility under the revolving credit facility.
(2)   the amount of debt for the aud term loan reflects an unamortized original issue discount of $1.5 million as of december 31, 2017.
(3)   collectively, the "parent notes". imi is the direct obligor on the parent notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior or senior subordinated basis, as the case may be, by its direct and indirect 100% owned united states subsidiaries that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations (the "guarantors"). these guarantees are joint and several obligations of the guarantors. canada company, iron mountain europe plc, im uk (as defined below), the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries (as defined below), the mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary (as defined below) and the remainder of our subsidiaries do not guarantee the parent notes. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(4)   the 43/8% notes, the euro notes, the gbp notes due 2025, the cad notes due 2023, the 53/8% notes, the 47/8% notes and the 51/4% notes (collectively, the "unregistered notes") have not been registered under the securities act, or under the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. unless they are registered, the unregistered notes may be offered only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the securities act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
(5)   canada company is the direct obligor on the cad notes due 2023, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(6)   iron mountain (uk) plc ("im uk") is the direct obligor on the gbp notes due 2025, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(7)   iron mountain us holdings, inc., one of the guarantors, is the direct obligor on the 53/8% notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the other guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and such guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(8)   includes (i) real estate mortgages of $20.2 million, (ii) capital lease obligations of $436.3 million, and (iii) other various notes and other obligations, which were assumed by us as a result of certain acquisitions, of $193.0 million.
(9)   the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries are the obligors under this program.
(10)   iron mountain mortgage finance i, llc (the "mortgage securitization special purpose subsidiary") is the obligor under this program.
a. credit agreement on august 21, 2017, we entered into a new credit agreement (the "credit agreement") which amended and restated our then existing credit agreement (the "former credit agreement") which consisted of a revolving credit facility (the "former revolving credit facility") and a term loan (the "former term loan") and was scheduled to terminate on july 6, 2019. the credit agreement consists of a revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and a term loan (the "term loan"). the maximum amount permitted to be borrowed under the revolving credit facility is $1,750.0 million. the original amount of the term loan was $250.0 million. we have the option to request additional commitments of up to $500.0 million, in the form of term loans or through increased commitments under the revolving credit facility, subject to the conditions specified in the credit agreement. the credit agreement is scheduled to mature on august 21, 2022, at which point all obligations become due.
the revolving credit facility enables imi and certain of its united states and foreign subsidiaries to borrow in united states dollars and (subject to sublimits) a variety of other currencies (including canadian dollars, british pounds sterling and euros, among other currencies) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $1,750.0 million. the term loan is to be paid in quarterly installments in an amount equal to $3.1 million per quarter, with the remaining balance due on august 21, 2022.
imi and the guarantors guarantee all obligations under the credit agreement. the interest rate on borrowings under the credit agreement varies depending on our choice of interest rate and currency options, plus an applicable margin, which varies based on our consolidated leverage ratio. additionally, the credit agreement requires the payment of a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which fee ranges from between 0.25% to 0.4% based on our consolidated leverage ratio and fees associated with outstanding letters of credit. as of december 31, 2017, we had $466.6 million and $243.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan, respectively. of the $466.6 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, $465.0 million was denominated in united states dollars and 2.0 million was denominated in canadian dollars. in addition, we also had various outstanding letters of credit totaling $52.8 million under the revolving credit facility. the remaining amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2017, which is based on imi's leverage ratio, the last 12 months' earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and rent expense ("ebitdar"), other adjustments as defined in the credit agreement and current external debt, was $1,230.6 million (which amount represents the maximum availability as of such date). the average interest rate in effect under the credit agreement was 3.4% as of december 31, 2017. the average interest rate in effect under the revolving credit facility was 3.5% and ranged from 3.4% to 5.5% as of december 31, 2017 and the interest rate in effect under the term loan as of december 31, 2017 was 3.5%.
the credit agreement, our indentures and other agreements governing our indebtedness contain certain restrictive financial and operating covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to complete acquisitions, pay cash dividends, incur indebtedness, make investments, sell assets and take certain other corporate actions. the covenants do not contain a rating trigger. therefore, a change in our debt rating would not trigger a default under the credit agreement, our indentures or other agreements governing our indebtedness. the credit agreement uses ebitdar-based calculations as the primary measures of financial performance, including leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios.
our leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios under the former credit agreement as of december 31, 2016 and the credit agreement as of december 31, 2017, as well as our leverage ratio under our indentures as of december 31, 2016 and 2017 are as follows:
december 31, 2016         december 31, 2017   maximum/minimum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio               5.7                       5.0              maximum allowable of 6.5(1)(2)
net secured debt lease adjusted leverage ratio        2.7                       1.6              maximum allowable of 4.0
bond leverage ratio (not lease adjusted)              5.2                       5.8              maximum allowable of 6.5-7.0(3)(4)
(1)   our maximum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio under the former credit agreement was 6.5. the former credit agreement also contained a provision which limited, in certain circumstances, our cash dividends in any four consecutive fiscal quarters to 95% of funds from operations (as defined in the former credit agreement) for such four fiscal quarters or, if greater, the amount that we would be required to pay in order to continue to be qualified for taxation as a reit or to avoid the imposition of income or excise taxes on imi. this former limitation only applied in certain circumstances, including where our net total lease adjusted leverage ratio exceeded 6.0 as measured as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter (the "dividend limitation leverage condition"). the credit agreement does not contain a dividend limitation leverage condition. the maximum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio under the credit agreement is 6.5.
(2)   the definition of the net total lease adjusted leverage ratio was modified under the credit agreement. the net total lease adjusted leverage ratio at december 31, 2017 was calculated as defined in the credit agreement, while the net total lease adjusted leverage ratio at december 31, 2016 was calculated as defined in the former credit agreement. had the net total lease adjusted leverage ratio at december 31, 2016 been calculated as defined in the credit agreement it would have been 5.4.
(3)   the maximum allowable leverage ratio under our indenture for the 47/8% notes, the gbp notes due 2025 and the 51/4% notes is 7.0. for all other notes the maximum allowable leverage ratio is 6.5. in certain instances, as provided in our indentures, we have the ability to incur additional indebtedness that would result in our bond leverage ratio exceeding the maximum allowable ratio under our indentures and still remain in compliance with the covenant.
(4)   at december 31, 2017, a portion of the net proceeds from the 51/4% notes, together with a portion of the net proceeds of the equity offering, were used to temporarily repay approximately $807.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility until the closing of the iodc transaction, which occurred on january 10, 2018 (as described in note 6 in notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). the bond leverage ratio at december 31, 2017 is calculated based on our outstanding indebtedness at this date, which reflects the temporary repayment of the revolving credit facility.
noncompliance with these leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity.
b. 2017 issuances in may 2017, imi completed a private offering of 300.0 million euros in aggregate principal amount of the euro notes, which were issued at par. the net proceeds to imi from the euro notes of 296.3 million euros (or $332.7 million, based upon the exchange rate between the euro and the united states dollar on may 23, 2017 (the settlement date for the euro notes)), after deducting discounts to the initial purchasers, were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the former revolving credit facility.
in september 2017, imi completed a private offering of $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 47/8% notes, which were issued at par. the net proceeds of approximately $987.5 million from the 47/8% notes after deducting discounts to the initial purchasers, together with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, were used to fund the redemption of all of the 6% notes due 2020.
in november 2017, im uk completed a private offering of 400.0 million british pounds sterling in aggregate principal amount of the gbp notes due 2025, which were issued at par. the net proceeds to im uk of 395.0 million british pounds sterling (or $522.1 million, based upon the exchange rate between the british pounds sterling and the united states dollar on november 13, 2017 (the settlement date for the gbp notes due 2025)), after deducting discounts to the initial purchasers, were used, together with borrowings under the revolving credit facility, to fund the redemption of all the gbp notes due 2022.
in december 2017, imi completed a private offering of $825.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 51/4% notes. the 51/4% notes were issued at par. the net proceeds of approximately $814.7 million from the 51/4% notes after deducting discounts to the initial purchasers, together with the net proceeds from the equity offering and the over-allotment option were used to finance the purchase price of the iodc transaction, which closed on january 10, 2018, and to pay related fees and expenses. at december 31, 2017, the net proceeds from the 51/4% notes, together with the net proceeds of the equity offering, were used to temporarily repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility and invest in money market funds.
c. 2017 redemptions in august 2017, we redeemed all of the 200.0 million canadian dollars in aggregate principal outstanding of the cad notes due 2021 (approximately $157.5 million, based upon the exchange rate between the canadian dollar and the united states dollar on august 15, 2017 (the redemption date for the cad notes due 2021)) at 103.063% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding the redemption date, utilizing borrowings under the former revolving credit facility. we recorded a charge of $6.4 million to other expense (income), net in the third quarter of 2017 related to the early extinguishment of this debt, representing the call premium associated with the early redemption, as well as a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs.
in september 2017, we redeemed all of the $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal outstanding of the 6% notes due 2020 at 103.155% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. we recorded a charge of $41.7 million to other expense (income), net in the third quarter of 2017 related to the early extinguishment of this debt, representing the call premium associated with the early redemption, as well as a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs.
in november 2017, we redeemed all of the gbp notes due 2022 at 104.594% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. we recorded a charge of $30.1 million to other expense (income), net in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the early extinguishment of this debt, representing the call premium associated with the early redemption, as well as a write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs.
d. accounts receivable securitization program in march 2015, we entered into a $250.0 million accounts receivable securitization program (the "accounts receivable securitization program") involving several of our wholly owned subsidiaries and certain financial institutions. under the accounts receivable securitization program, certain of our subsidiaries sell substantially all of their united states accounts receivable balances to our wholly owned special purpose entities, iron mountain receivables qrs, llc and iron mountain receivables trs, llc (the "accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries"). the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries use the accounts receivable balances to collateralize loans obtained from certain financial institutions. the accounts receivable securitization special purpose subsidiaries are consolidated subsidiaries of imi. the accounts receivable securitization program is accounted for as a collateralized financing activity, rather than a sale of assets, and therefore: (i) accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral are presented as assets and borrowings are presented as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, (ii) our consolidated statements of operations reflect the associated charges for bad debt expense related to pledged accounts receivable (a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) and reductions to revenue due to billing and service related credit memos issued to customers and related reserves, as well as interest expense associated with the collateralized borrowings and (iii) receipts from customers related to the underlying accounts receivable are reflected as operating cash flows and borrowings and repayments under the collateralized loans are reflected as financing cash flows within our consolidated statements of cash flows. iron mountain information management, llc ("imim") retains the responsibility of servicing the accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral for the accounts receivable securitization program and imi provides a performance guaranty. the maximum availability allowed is limited by eligible accounts receivable, as defined under the terms of the accounts receivable securitization program. as of december 31, 2016, the maximum availability allowed and amount outstanding under the accounts receivable securitization program was $247.0 million. the interest rate in effect under the accounts receivable securitization program was 1.7% as of december 31, 2016.
on july 31, 2017, we amended the accounts receivable securitization program to (i) increase the maximum amount available from $250.0 million to $275.0 million and (ii) to extend the maturity date from march 6, 2018 to july 30, 2020, at which point all obligations become due. as of december 31, 2017, the maximum availability allowed and amount outstanding under the accounts receivable securitization program was $259.0 million. the interest rate in effect under the accounts receivable securitization program was 2.2% as of december 31, 2017. commitment fees at a rate of 40 basis points are charged on amounts made available but not borrowed under the accounts receivable securitization program.
e. cash pooling subsequent to the closing of the recall transaction, certain of our international subsidiaries began participating in a cash pooling arrangement (the "cash pool") with bank mendes gans ("bmg") in order to help manage global liquidity requirements. the cash pool allows participating subsidiaries to receive credit for cash balances deposited by participating subsidiaries in bmg accounts. under the cash pool, cash deposited by participating subsidiaries with bmg is pledged as security against the debit balances of other participating subsidiaries, and legal rights of offset are provided and, therefore, amounts are presented in our consolidated balance sheets on a net basis. each subsidiary receives interest on the cash balances held on deposit or pays interest on the debit balances based on an applicable rate as defined in the cash pool agreement. at december 31, 2016, we had a net cash position of approximately $1.7 million (consisting of a gross cash position of approximately $69.5 million less outstanding debit balances of approximately $67.8 million by participating subsidiaries).
during the first quarter of 2017, we significantly expanded our utilization of the cash pools and reduced our utilization of our financing centers in europe for purposes of meeting our global liquidity requirements. we currently utilize two separate cash pools with bmg, one of which we utilize to manage global liquidity requirements for our qrss (the "qrs cash pool") and the other for our trss (the "trs cash pool"). during the second quarter of 2017, we executed overdraft facility agreements for the qrs cash pool and trs cash pool, each in an amount not to exceed $10.0 million. each overdraft facility permits us to cover a temporary net debit position in the applicable pool. as of december 31, 2017, we had a net cash position of approximately $5.7 million in the qrs cash pool (which consisted of a gross cash position of approximately $383.7 million less outstanding debit balances of approximately $378.0 million by participating subsidiaries) and we had a zero balance in the trs cash pool (which consisted of a gross cash position of approximately $229.6 million less outstanding debit balances of approximately $229.6 million by participating subsidiaries). the net cash position balances as of december 31, 2016 and 2017 are reflected as cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets.
for more information on our credit agreement and our other debt agreements, see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
our ability to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, working capital levels and capital structure, which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors which may be beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future financings will be available on acceptable terms or in amounts sufficient to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to make necessary capital expenditures.
equity financing a. at the market (atm) equity program in october 2017, we entered into the distribution agreement with the agents pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $500.0 million of our common stock through the at the market (atm) equity program. sales of our common stock made pursuant to the distribution agreement may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be "at the market" offerings as defined in rule 415 under the securities act, including sales made directly on the nyse, or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange, or as otherwise agreed between the applicable agent and us. we intend to use the net proceeds from sales of our common stock pursuant to the at the market (atm) equity program for general corporate purposes, including financing the expansion of our data center business and adjacent businesses through acquisitions, and repaying amounts outstanding from time to time under the revolving credit facility.
during the quarter ended december 31, 2017 under the at the market (atm) equity program, we sold an aggregate of 1,481,053 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $60.0 million, generating net proceeds of $59.1 million, after deducting commissions of $0.9 million. as of december 31, 2017, the remaining aggregate sale price of shares of our common stock available for distribution under the at the market (atm) equity program was approximately $440.0 million.
b. equity offering on december 12, 2017, we entered into the underwriting agreement with the underwriters related to the equity offering. the offering price to the public for the equity offering was $37.00 per share, and we agreed to pay the underwriters an underwriting commission of $1.38195 per share. the net proceeds to us from the equity offering, after deducting underwriters' commissions, was $516.5 million.
pursuant to the underwriting agreement, we granted the underwriters the over-allotment option. on january 10, 2018, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in its entirety. the net proceeds to us from the exercise of the over-allotment option, after deducting underwriters' commissions and the per share value of the dividend that we declared on our common stock, with the record date on december 15, 2017 and which was paid on january 2, 2018, was approximately $76.2 million. the net proceeds of the equity offering and the over-allotment option, together with the net proceeds from the issuance of the 51⁄4% notes, were used to finance the purchase price of the iodc transaction, which closed on january 10, 2018, and to pay related fees and expenses. at december 31, 2017, the net proceeds of the equity offering, together with the net proceeds from the 51/4% notes, were used to temporarily repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility and invest in money market funds.
acquisitions a. acquisition of recall on may 2, 2016 (sydney, australia time), we completed the recall transaction. at the closing of the recall transaction, we paid approximately $331.8 million in cash and issued approximately 50.2 million shares of our common stock which, based on the closing price of our common stock as of april 29, 2016 (the last day of trading on the nyse prior to the closing of the recall transaction) of $36.53 per share, resulted in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $2,166.9 million.
we currently estimate total acquisition and integration expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of (i) recall costs and (ii) capital expenditures to integrate recall with our existing operations.
the following table presents the operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction incurred for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and the cumulative amount incurred through december 31, 2017 (in thousands):
year ended december 31, 2015        year ended december 31, 2016        year ended december 31, 2017        cumulative total recall costs                                   $47,014                            $131,944                             $84,901                    $263,859
recall capital expenditures   65                                                    18,391                              31,441                      49,897
b. noteworthy 2017 acquisitions in november 2016, we entered into a binding agreement to acquire the storage and information management assets and operations of santa fe group a/s ("santa fe") in ten regions within europe and asia in order to expand our presence in southeast asia and western europe. in december 2016, we acquired the storage and information management assets and operations of santa fe in hong kong, malaysia, singapore, spain and taiwan (the "2016 santa fe transaction") for approximately 15.2 million euros (approximately $16.0 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro as of december 30, 2016, the closing date of the 2016 santa fe transaction). of the total purchase price, 13.5 million euros (or approximately $14.2 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro on the closing date of the 2016 santa fe transaction) was paid during the year ended december 31, 2016, and the remaining balance is due on the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the 2016 santa fe transaction.
during the first half of 2017, we acquired, in two separate transactions, (i) the storage and information management assets and operations of santa fe in macau and south korea, and (ii) the storage and information management assets and operations of santa fe in india, indonesia and the philippines (collectively, the "2017 santa fe transaction") for approximately 11.7 million euros (or approximately $13.0 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro on the closing dates of the respective transactions).
in november 2017, in order to expand our existing operations in china, we entered into an agreement to acquire (i) the storage and information management assets and operations of santa fe in china (the "santa fe china transaction") for approximately 14.0 million euros and (ii) certain real estate property located in beijing, china owned by santa fe (the "beijing property") for approximately 9.0 million euros, representing a total purchase price of approximately 23.0 million euros, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. on december 29, 2017, we closed on the santa fe china transaction. the purchase price for the santa fe china transaction was not paid until january 2018 and, therefore, we have accrued for the purchase price of the santa fe china transaction (which was approximately $16.8 million, based upon the exchange rate between the euro and the united states dollar on the closing date of the santa fe china transaction) in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017 (the "accrued purchase price"). the accrued purchase price is presented as a component of current portion of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017. we expect to close the acquisition of the beijing property during the first half of 2018. the completion of the acquisition of the beijing property is subject to closing conditions; accordingly, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to complete the acquisition of the beijing property, that it will not be delayed or that the terms will remain the same.
in june 2017, in order to expand our presence in peru, we acquired the storage and information management assets and operations of ransa comercial, s.a. and depositos, s.a, two records and storage and information management companies with operations in peru, for approximately $14.7 million.
in july 2017, in order to expand our european operations, we acquired fileminders ltd., a storage and records management company with operations in cyprus for approximately 24.9 million euros (or approximately $28.5 million, based upon the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the euro on the closing date of the acquisition).
in september 2017, in order to expand our data center operations in the united states, we acquired mag datacenters llc, which operated fortrust, a private data center business with operations in denver, colorado (the "fortrust transaction"). at the closing of the fortrust transaction, we paid approximately $54.5 million in cash (the "fortrust cash consideration") and issued 2.2 million shares of our common stock (the "fortrust stock consideration"). the shares of our common stock issued to the former owners of fortrust in connection with the fortrust transaction contain certain restrictions that impact the marketability of such shares for a period of six months following the closing date of the fortrust transaction (the "lack of marketability restriction"). the 2.2 million shares issued as part of the fortrust stock consideration were valued at approximately $37.84 per share, which represents the closing price of our common stock as of august 31, 2017 (the last day of trading on the nyse prior to the closing of the fortrust transaction), discounted for the lack of marketability restriction, resulting in a total purchase price (including the fortrust cash consideration and the fortrust stock consideration) of approximately $137.5 million.
in september 2017, in order to expand our existing entertainment storage and services operations in the united states and to expand our entertainment storage and services operations into canada, france, hong kong, the netherlands and the united kingdom, we acquired bonded services of america, inc. and bonded services acquisition, ltd., providers of media asset storage and management services for global entertainment and media companies (the "bonded transaction"), for approximately 62.0 million british pounds sterling (or approximately $83.0 million, based upon the exchange rate between the british pound sterling and the united states dollar on september 29, 2017, the closing date of the bonded transaction).
in october 2017, in order to expand our presence in india, we acquired oec records management, a storage and information management company with operations in india for approximately $19.3 million.
in addition to the transactions noted above, during 2017, in order to enhance our existing operations in the united states, greece and south africa and to expand our operations into the united arab emirates, we completed the acquisition of five storage and records management companies, one storage and data management company and one art storage company for total consideration of approximately $22.7 million. the individual purchase prices of these acquisitions were each less than $5.0 million.
c. acquisitions closed or expected to close in 2018
on january 10, 2018, we completed the iodc transaction. at the closing of the iodc transaction, we paid approximately $1,340.0 million of total consideration, including the initial iodc consideration and the iodc contingent consideration. the proceeds for the iodc transaction were provided by the equity offering, the over-allotment option and the issuance of the 51⁄4% notes. at december 31, 2017, the net proceeds from the 51/4% notes and the equity offering were used to temporarily repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility and invest in money market funds. at the closing of the iodc transaction, we utilized the cash in the money market funds and additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility to finance the purchase price of the iodc transaction.
in october 2017, we entered into agreements to acquire two data centers located in london and singapore from credit suisse international and credit suisse ag (together, "credit suisse") for an aggregate cash purchase price of approximately $100.0 million (the "credit suisse transaction"). as part of the credit suisse transaction, we will take ownership of both data center facilities, with credit suisse entering into a long-term lease with us to maintain existing data center operations. the completion of the credit suisse transaction is subject to closing conditions; accordingly, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to complete the credit suisse transaction, that the credit suisse transaction will not be delayed or that the terms will remain the same. we expect to close the credit suisse transaction during the first half of 2018.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in thousands):
payments due by period total             less than1 year                 1-3 years                 3-5 years            more than5 years capital lease obligations                                               $436,285                 $57,902                     $89,276                   $61,217                  $227,890
long-term debt obligations (excluding capital lease obligations)       6,694,771                  88,398                     418,365                 1,363,630                 4,824,378
(1)   amounts include variable rate interest payments, which are calculated utilizing the applicable interest rates as of december 31, 2017; see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. amounts also include interest on capital leases.
(3)   the table above excludes $38.5 million in uncertain tax positions as we are unable to make reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities.
(4)   the table above excludes $91.4 million of redeemable noncontrolling interests, which represents the estimated redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests in our consolidated subsidiaries in chile, india and south africa. this table also excludes purchase commitments associated with acquisitions closed or expected to close in 2018.
we expect to meet our cash flow requirements for the next twelve months from cash generated from operations, cash on hand, borrowings under the credit agreement and other financings (including the issuance of equity under our at the market (atm) equity program). we expect to meet our long-term cash flow requirements using the same means described above. we are currently operating above our long-term targeted leverage ratio, primarily as a result of costs incurred to fund the reit conversion, the recall transaction and, more recently, the iodc transaction. we expect our leverage ratio to reduce over time through effective capital allocation strategies and business growth.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in regulation s-k item 303(a)(4)(ii).
net operating losses we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2023 through 2036, of $66.3 million at december 31, 2017 to reduce future federal taxable income, of which $1.7 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given available year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2018 through 2036, of which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $103.6 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 59%.
inflation certain of our expenses, such as wages and benefits, insurance, occupancy costs and equipment repair and replacement, are subject to normal inflationary pressures. although to date we have been able to offset inflationary cost increases with increased operating efficiencies, the negotiation of favorable long-term real estate leases and an ability to increase prices in our customer contracts (many of which contain provisions for inflationary price escalators), we can give no assurance that we will be able to offset any future inflationary cost increases through similar efficiencies, leases or increased storage rental or service charges.