part i items 1. and 2.     business and properties                                                                                                        4
item 1a.            risk factors                                                                                                                  24
item 1b.            unresolved staff comments                                                                                                     35
item 3.             legal proceedings                                                                                                             35
item 4.             mine safety disclosures                                                                                                       35
part ii item 5.             market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities                  36
item 6.             selected financial data                                                                                                       37
item 7.             management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations                                         38
critical accounting policies and estimates                                                                                    42
liquidity and capital resources                                                                                               60
item 1a.  risk factors.
you should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this document. realization of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our pipelines, terminals and other assets and facilities depend in part on continued production of natural gas, oil and other products in the geographic areas that they serve. our business also depends in part on the levels of demand for oil, natural gas, ngl, refined petroleum products, co2, coal, steel, chemicals and other products in the geographic areas to which our pipelines, terminals, shipping vessels and other facilities deliver or provide service, and the ability and willingness of our shippers and other customers to supply such demand. without additions to oil and gas reserves, production will decline over time as reserves are depleted, and production costs may rise. producers may shut down production at lower product prices or higher
production costs, especially where the existing cost of production exceeds other extraction methodologies, such as in the alberta oil sands. producers in areas served by us may not be successful in exploring for and developing additional reserves, and our pipelines and related facilities may not be able to maintain existing volumes of throughput. commodity prices and tax incentives may not remain at levels that encourage producers to explore for and develop additional reserves, produce existing marginal reserves or renew transportation contracts as they expire.
trends in the business environment, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, higher development costs, or high feedstock prices that adversely impact demand, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals and other assets. in addition, changes in the regulatory environment or governmental policies may have an impact on the supply of the products we handle. each of these factors impacts our customers shipping through our pipelines or using our terminals, which in turn could impact the prospects of new contracts for transportation, terminaling or other midstream services, or renewals of existing contracts.
implementation of new regulations or changes to existing regulations affecting the energy industry could reduce production of and/or demand for the products we handle, increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. we cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle.
expanding our existing assets and constructing new assets is part of our growth strategy. our ability to begin and complete construction on expansion and new-build projects may be inhibited by difficulties in obtaining, or our inability to obtain, permits and rights-of-way, as well as public opposition, cost overruns, inclement weather and other delays.
we regularly undertake major construction projects to expand our existing assets and to construct new assets. a variety of factors outside of our control, such as difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way or other regulatory approvals, have caused, and may continue to cause, delays in our construction projects. these factors can be exacerbated by public opposition to our projects. inclement weather, natural disasters and delays in performance by third-party contractors have also resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased costs or delays in construction. significant cost overruns or delays, or our inability to obtain a required permit or right-of-way, could have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of operations and cash flows, and could result in project cancellations or limit our ability to pursue other growth opportunities.
for example, our ability to continue and complete construction on the tmep may be inhibited, delayed or stopped by a variety of factors (some of which may be outside of our control), including without limitation, inabilities to overcome challenges posed by or related to regulatory approvals by federal, provincial or municipal governments, difficulty in obtaining, or inability to obtain, permits (including those that are required prior to construction such as the permits required under the species at risk act), land agreements, public opposition, blockades, legal and regulatory proceedings (including judicial reviews, injunctions, detailed route hearings and land acquisition processes), delays to ancillary projects that are required for the tmep (including, with respect to power lines and power supply), increased costs and/or cost overruns and inclement weather or significant weather-related events.
we face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage.
any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation (such as barge, rail or truck) that delivers the products we handle into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities or other factors. likewise, competing terminals or other storage options may become more attractive to our customers. to the extent that competitors offer the markets we serve with new transportation or storage options, this could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. if pipeline capacity remains unsubscribed, our ability to re-contract for expiring capacity at favorable rates or otherwise retain existing customers could be impaired. we also could experience competition for the supply of the products we handle from both existing and proposed pipeline systems; for example, several pipelines access many of the same areas of supply as our pipeline systems and transport to destinations not served by us.
our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in several industries, including the oil and gas industry, the steel industry, the coal industry and in specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. our operating results in one or more geographic regions also may be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region. volatility in commodity prices or changes in markets for a given commodity might also have a negative impact on many of our customers,
which in turn could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to us. see "-financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us." in addition, decreases in the prices of crude oil, ngl and natural gas will have a negative impact on our operating results and cash flow. see "-the volatility of oil and natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on our co2 business segment and businesses within our natural gas pipeline and products pipelines business segments."
if global economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets), or economic conditions in the u.s.
or other key markets become more volatile or deteriorate, we may experience material impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties, such as hedging counterparties, joint venture partners and suppliers. some of these counterparties may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating, market and regulatory risks, and some are experiencing, or may experience in the future, severe financial problems that have had or may have a significant impact on their creditworthiness.
in 2015 and 2016, several of our counterparties defaulted on their obligations to us, and some have filed for bankruptcy protection. for more information regarding the impact to our operating results from customer bankruptcies, see item 7
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations-segment earnings results-terminals." we cannot provide any assurance that other financially distressed counterparties will not also default on their obligations to us or file for bankruptcy protection. if a counterparty files for bankruptcy protection, we likely would be unable to collect all, or even a significant portion, of amounts that they owe to us. additional counterparty defaults and bankruptcy filings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. furthermore, in the case of financially distressed customers, such events might force such customers to reduce or curtail their future use of our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
the acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. we may experience difficulties integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions.
part of our business strategy includes acquiring additional businesses and assets. if we do not successfully integrate acquisitions, we may not realize anticipated operating advantages and cost savings. integration of acquired companies or assets involves a number of risks, including (i) demands on management related to the increase in our size; (ii) the diversion of management's attention from the management of daily operations; (iii) difficulties in implementing or unanticipated costs of accounting, budgeting, reporting, internal controls and other systems; and (iv) difficulties in the retention and assimilation of necessary employees.
we may not be able to maintain the levels of operating efficiency that acquired companies have achieved or might achieve separately. successful integration of each acquisition will depend upon our ability to manage those operations and to eliminate redundant and excess costs. difficulties in integration may be magnified if we make multiple acquisitions over a relatively short period of time. because of difficulties in combining and expanding operations, we may not be able to achieve the cost savings and other size-related benefits that we hoped to achieve after these acquisitions, which would harm our financial condition and results of operations.
we do not own substantially all of the land on which our pipelines are located. if we are unable to procure and maintain access to land owned by third parties, our revenue and operating costs, and our ability to complete construction projects, could be adversely affected.
we must obtain and maintain the rights to construct and operate pipelines on other owners' land, including private landowners, railroads, public utilities and others. while our interstate natural gas pipelines in the u.s. have federal eminent domain authority, the availability of eminent domain authority for our other pipelines varies from state to state depending upon the type of pipeline-petroleum liquids, natural gas, co2, or crude oil-and the laws of the particular state. we likewise must obtain approval from various governmental entities to construct and operate our pipelines in canada, particularly for the tmep.  in any case, we must compensate landowners for the use of their property, and in eminent domain actions, such compensation may be determined by a court. if we are unable to obtain rights-of-way on acceptable terms, our ability to complete
construction projects on time, on budget, or at all, could be adversely affected. in addition, we are subject to the possibility of increased costs under our right-of-way or rental agreements with landowners, primarily through renewals of expiring agreements and rental increases. if we were to lose these rights, our operations could be disrupted or we could be required to relocate the affected pipelines, which could cause a substantial decrease in our revenues and cash flows and an increase in our costs.
commodity transportation and storage activities involve numerous risks that may result in accidents or otherwise adversely affect our operations.
there are a variety of hazards and operating risks inherent to transportation and storage of the products we handle, such as leaks, releases, explosions, mechanical problems and damage caused by third parties. additional risks to vessels include adverse sea conditions, capsizing, grounding and navigation errors. these risks could result in serious injury and loss of human life, significant damage to property and natural resources, environmental pollution and impairment of operations, any of which also could result in substantial financial losses, negatively impact our reputation and increase public opposition to our expansion or new build projects. for pipeline and storage assets located near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, industrial sites and other public gathering areas, the level of damage resulting from these risks may be greater. incidents that cause an interruption of service, such as when unrelated third party construction damages a pipeline or a newly completed expansion experiences a weld failure, may negatively impact our revenues and cash flows while the affected asset is temporarily out of service. in addition, losses in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the volatility of oil, ngl and natural gas prices could adversely affect our co2 business segment and businesses within our natural gas pipelines and products pipelines business segments.
the revenues, cash flows, profitability and future growth of some of our businesses depend to a large degree on prevailing oil, ngl and natural gas prices. our co2 business segment (and the carrying value of its oil, ngl and natural gas producing properties) and certain midstream businesses within our natural gas pipelines segment depend to a large degree, and certain businesses within our product pipelines segment depend to a lesser degree, on prevailing oil, ngl and natural gas prices. for 2018, we estimate that every $1 change in the average wti crude oil price per barrel would impact our dcf by approximately $7 million and each $0.10 per mmbtu change in the average price of natural gas would impact dcf by approximately $1 million.
prices for oil, ngl and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil, ngl and natural gas, uncertainties within the market and a variety of other factors beyond our control. these factors include, among other things (i) weather conditions and events such as hurricanes in the u.s.; (ii) the condition of the u.s. economy; (iii) the activities of the organization of petroleum exporting countries; (iv) governmental regulation; (v) political instability in the middle east and elsewhere; (vi) the foreign supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; (vii) the price of foreign imports; and (viii) the availability of alternative fuel sources. we use hedging arrangements to partially mitigate our exposure to commodity prices, but these arrangements also are subject to inherent risks. please read "-our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income."
a sharp decline in the prices of oil, ngl or natural gas, or a prolonged unfavorable price environment, would result in a commensurate reduction in our revenues, income and cash flows from our businesses that produce, process, or purchase and sell oil, ngl, or natural gas, and could have a material adverse effect on the carrying value of our co2 business segment's proved reserves. if prices fall substantially or remain low for a sustained period and we are not sufficiently protected through hedging arrangements, we may be unable to realize a profit from these businesses and would operate at a loss.
in recent decades, there have been periods of both worldwide overproduction and underproduction of hydrocarbons and periods of both increased and relaxed energy conservation efforts. such conditions have resulted in periods of excess supply of, and reduced demand for, crude oil on a worldwide basis and for natural gas on a domestic basis. these periods have been followed by periods of short supply of, and increased demand for, crude oil and natural gas. the excess or short supply of crude oil or natural gas has placed pressures on prices and has resulted in dramatic price fluctuations even during relatively short periods of seasonal market demand. these fluctuations impact the accuracy of assumptions used in our budgeting process. for more information about our energy and commodity market risk, see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-energy commodity market risk."
the future success of our oil and gas development and production operations depends in part upon our ability to develop additional oil and gas reserves that are economically recoverable.
the rate of production from oil and natural gas properties declines as reserves are depleted. without successful development activities, the reserves, revenues and cash flows of the oil and gas producing assets within our co2 business segment will decline. we may not be able to develop or acquire additional reserves at an acceptable cost or have necessary financing for these activities in the future. additionally, if we do not realize production volumes greater than, or equal to, our hedged volumes, we may suffer financial losses not offset by physical transactions.
the business of developing and operating oil and gas properties involves a high degree of business and financial risk that even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. acquisition and development decisions generally are based on subjective judgments and assumptions that, while they may be reasonable, are by their nature speculative. it is impossible to predict with certainty the production potential of a particular property or well. furthermore, the successful completion of a well does not ensure a profitable return on the investment. a variety of geological, operational and market-related factors, including, but not limited to, unusual or unexpected geological formations, pressures, equipment failures or accidents, fires, explosions, blowouts, cratering, pollution and other environmental risks, shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs and the delivery of equipment, loss of circulation of drilling fluids or other conditions, may substantially delay or prevent completion of any well or otherwise prevent a property or well from being profitable. a productive well may become uneconomic in the event water or other deleterious substances are encountered, which impair or prevent the production of oil and/or gas from the well. in addition, production from any well may be unmarketable if it is contaminated with water or other deleterious substances.
our use of hedging arrangements does not eliminate our exposure to commodity price risks and could result in financial losses or volatility in our income.
we engage in hedging arrangements to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil, ngl and natural gas. these hedging arrangements expose us to risk of financial loss in some circumstances, including when production is less than expected, when the counterparty to the hedging contract defaults on its contract obligations, or when there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual price received. in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in prices for oil and natural gas.
the markets for instruments we use to hedge our commodity price exposure generally reflect then-prevailing conditions in the underlying commodity markets. as our existing hedges expire, we will seek to replace them with new hedging arrangements. to the extent underlying market conditions are unfavorable, new hedging arrangements available to us will reflect such unfavorable conditions.
the accounting standards regarding hedge accounting are very complex, and even when we engage in hedging transactions (for example, to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or currency exchange rates or to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates) that are effective economically, these transactions may not be considered effective for accounting purposes. accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may reflect some volatility due to these hedges, even when there is no underlying economic impact at the dates of those statements. in addition, it may not be possible for us to engage in hedging transactions that completely eliminate our exposure to commodity prices; therefore, our consolidated financial statements may reflect a gain or loss arising from an exposure to commodity prices for which we are unable to enter into a completely effective hedge. for more information about our hedging activities, see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates-hedging activities" and note 14 "risk management" to our consolidated financial statements.
a breach of information security or failure of one or more key information technology or operational (it) systems, or those of third parties, may adversely affect our business, results of operation or harm our business reputation.
our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. the various uses of these it systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processing necessary to manage our business.
if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to
perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such event. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate that pipelines and other infrastructure assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations or "cyber sabotage" events. these potential targets might include our pipeline systems, terminals, processing plants or operating systems. the occurrence of a terrorist attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation or inaccurate information reported from our operations. there is no assurance that adequate cyber sabotage and terrorism insurance will be available at rates we believe are reasonable in the near future. these developments may subject our operations to increased risks, as well as increased costs, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or harm our business reputation.
hurricanes, earthquakes and other natural disasters could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of our pipelines, terminals and other assets are located in, and our shipping vessels operate in, areas that are susceptible to hurricanes, earthquakes and other natural disasters. these natural disasters could potentially damage or destroy our assets and disrupt the supply of the products we transport. in the third quarter of 2017, hurricane harvey caused disruptions in our operations and, as of december 31, 2017, we had incurred $27 million in repair costs to our assets near the texas gulf coast. for more information regarding the impact of hurricane harvey on our assets and operating results, see item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." natural disasters can similarly affect the facilities of our customers. in either case, losses could exceed our insurance coverage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps materially.
our business requires the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, and difficulties recruiting and retaining our workforce could result in a failure to implement our business plans.
our operations and management require the retention and recruitment of a skilled workforce, including engineers, technical personnel and other professionals. we and our affiliates compete with other companies in the energy industry for this skilled workforce. in addition, many of our current employees are retirement eligible and have significant institutional knowledge that must be transferred to other employees. if we are unable to (i) retain current employees; (ii) successfully complete the knowledge transfer; and/or (iii) recruit new employees of comparable knowledge and experience, our business could be negatively impacted. in addition, we could experience increased allocated costs to retain and recruit these professionals.
kml, in which we own an approximate 70% interest, completed its ipo in canada in may of 2017. certain of our officers and directors also serve as officers and directors of kml, and we provide financial reporting support and other services as requested by kml and its controlled affiliates pursuant to a services agreement. the increased obligations associated with providing support to kml as a public company may divert our management's attention from other business concerns and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are subject to financial reporting and other obligations that place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, legal, internal audit and accounting resources. the demands on our personnel will be intensified as they comply with the additional obligations applicable to kml.
if we are unable to retain our executive chairman, chief executive officer or other executive officers, our ability to execute our business strategy, including our growth strategy, may be hindered.
our success depends in part on the performance of and our ability to retain our executive officers, particularly richard d. kinder, our executive chairman and one of our founders, and steve kean, our president and chief executive officer. along with the other members of our senior management, mr. kinder and mr. kean have been responsible for developing and executing our growth strategy. if we are not successful in retaining mr. kinder, mr. kean or our other executive officers, or replacing them, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. we do not maintain key personnel insurance.
we are a u.s. dollar reporting company. as a result of the operations of our kinder morgan canada and terminals business segments, a portion of our consolidated assets, liabilities, revenues, cash flows and expenses are denominated in canadian dollars. fluctuations in the exchange rate between u.s. and canadian dollars could expose us to reductions in the u.s. dollar value of our earnings and cash flows and a reduction in our stockholders' equity under applicable accounting rules.
risks related to financing our business our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $36.9 billion of consolidated debt (excluding debt fair value adjustments). additionally, we and substantially all of our wholly owned u.s. subsidiaries are parties to a cross guarantee agreement under which each party to the agreement unconditionally guarantees the indebtedness of each other party, which means that we are liable for the debt of each of such subsidiaries. this level of consolidated debt and the cross guarantee agreement could have important consequences, such as (i) limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or potential growth, or for other purposes; (ii) increasing the cost of our future borrowings; (iii) limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business or to pay dividends because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to make payments on our debt; (iv) placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors with less debt; and (v) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions.
our ability to service our consolidated debt, and our ability to meet our consolidated leverage targets, will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. if our consolidated cash flow is not sufficient to service our consolidated debt, and any future indebtedness that we incur, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing dividends, reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets or seeking additional equity capital. we may also take such actions to reduce our indebtedness if we determine that our earnings (or consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or ebitda, as calculated in accordance with our revolving credit facility) may not be sufficient to meet our consolidated leverage targets, or to comply with consolidated leverage ratios required under certain of our debt agreements. we may not be able to effect any of these actions on satisfactory terms or at all. for more information about our debt, see note 9 "debt" to our consolidated financial statements.
our business, financial condition and operating results may be affected adversely by increased costs of capital or a reduction in the availability of credit.
adverse changes to the availability, terms and cost of capital, interest rates or our credit ratings (which would have a corresponding impact on the credit ratings of our subsidiaries that are party to the cross guarantee) could cause our cost of doing business to increase by limiting our access to capital, including our ability to refinance maturities of existing indebtedness on similar terms, which could in turn limit our ability to pursue acquisition or expansion opportunities and reduce our cash flows. our credit ratings may be impacted by our leverage, liquidity, credit profile and potential transactions. although the ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities, our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of our and our subsidiaries' debt securities and the terms available to us for future issuances of debt securities.
also, disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets may lead to an increase in interest rates or a contraction in credit availability impacting our ability to finance our operations on favorable terms. a significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
kml and its subsidiaries are not part of the cross guarantee and are rated separately by credit rating agencies. however, because of our approximate 70% ownership interest in kml, we could be indirectly affected if kml experiences material adverse changes in its credit ratings or access to capital.
acquisitions and growth capital expenditures may require access to external capital. limitations on our access to external financing sources could impair our ability to grow.
we have limited amounts of internally generated cash flows to fund acquisitions and growth capital expenditures. we may have to rely on external financing sources, including commercial borrowings and issuances of debt and equity securities, to fund our acquisitions and growth capital expenditures. limitations on our access to external financing sources, whether due to tightened capital markets, more expensive capital or otherwise, could impair our ability to execute our growth strategy.
as of december 31, 2017, approximately $10.4 billion of our approximately $36.9 billion of consolidated debt (excluding debt fair value adjustments) was subject to variable interest rates, either as short-term or long-term variable-rate debt obligations, or as long-term fixed-rate debt effectively converted to variable rates through the use of interest rate swaps. should interest rates increase, the amount of cash required to service this debt would increase, and our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected. for more information about our interest rate risk, see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk."
our debt instruments may limit our financial flexibility and increase our financing costs.
the instruments governing our debt contain restrictive covenants that may prevent us from engaging in certain transactions that may be beneficial to us. some of the agreements governing our debt generally require us to comply with various affirmative and negative covenants, including the maintenance of certain financial ratios and restrictions on (i) incurring additional debt; (ii) entering into mergers, consolidations and sales of assets; (iii) granting liens; and (iv) entering into sale-leaseback transactions. the instruments governing any future debt may contain similar or more limiting restrictions. our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to obtain additional financing, if needed, may be restricted.
risks related to ownership of our capital stock the guidance we provide for our anticipated dividends is based on estimates. circumstances may arise that lead to conflicts between using funds to pay anticipated dividends or to invest in our business.
we disclose in this report and elsewhere the expected cash dividends on our common stock and on our preferred stock (or depositary shares). these reflect our current judgment, but as with any estimate, they may be affected by inaccurate assumptions and other risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. see "information regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this report. if we elect to pay dividends at the anticipated level and that action would leave us with insufficient cash to take timely advantage of growth opportunities (including through acquisitions), to meet any large unanticipated liquidity requirements, to fund our operations, to maintain our leverage metrics or otherwise to address properly our business prospects, our business could be harmed.
conversely, a decision to address such needs might lead to the payment of dividends below the anticipated levels. as events present themselves or become reasonably foreseeable, our board of directors, which determines our business strategy and our dividends, may decide to address those matters by reducing our anticipated dividends. alternatively, because nothing in our governing documents or credit agreements prohibits us from borrowing to pay dividends, we could choose to incur debt to enable us to pay our anticipated dividends. this would add to our substantial debt discussed above under "-risks related to financing our business-our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions."
our certificate of incorporation restricts the ownership of our common stock by non-u.s. citizens within the meaning of the jones act. these restrictions may affect the liquidity of our common stock and may result in non-u.s. citizens being required to sell their shares at a loss.
the jones act requires, among other things, that at least 75% of our common stock be owned at all times by u.s. citizens, as defined under the jones act, in order for us to own and operate vessels in the u.s. coastwise trade. as a safeguard to help us maintain our status as a u.s. citizen, our certificate of incorporation provides that, if the number of shares of our common stock owned by non-u.s. citizens exceeds 22%, we have the ability to redeem shares owned by non-u.s. citizens to reduce the percentage of shares owned by non-u.s. citizens to 22%. these redemption provisions may adversely impact the marketability of our common stock, particularly in markets outside of the u.s. further, stockholders would not have control over the timing of such redemption, and may be subject to redemption at a time when the market price or timing of the redemption is disadvantageous. in addition, the redemption provisions might have the effect of impeding or discouraging a merger, tender offer or proxy contest by a non-u.s. citizen, even if it were favorable to the interests of some or all of our stockholders.
our assets and operations are subject to regulation and oversight by federal, state, provincial and local regulatory authorities. legislative changes, as well as regulatory actions taken by these agencies, have the potential to adversely affect our profitability. in addition, a certain degree of regulatory uncertainty is created by the current u.s. presidential administration because it remains unclear specifically what the current administration may do with respect to future policies and regulations that may affect us. regulation affects almost every part of our business and extends to such matters as (i) federal, state, provincial and local taxation; (ii) rates (which include tax, reservation, commodity, surcharges, fuel and gas lost and unaccounted for), operating terms and conditions of service; (iii) the types of services we may offer to our customers; (iv) the contracts for service entered into with our customers; (v) the certification and construction of new facilities; (vi) the integrity, safety and security of facilities and operations; (vii) the acquisition of other businesses; (viii) the acquisition, extension, disposition or abandonment of services or facilities; (ix) reporting and information posting requirements; (x) the maintenance of accounts and records; and (xi) relationships with affiliated companies involved in various aspects of the energy businesses.
should we fail to comply with any applicable statutes, rules, regulations, and orders of regulatory authorities, we could be subject to substantial penalties and fines and potential loss of government contracts. furthermore, new laws, regulations or policy changes sometimes arise from unexpected sources. new laws or regulations, unexpected policy changes or interpretations of existing laws or regulations, including the 2017 tax reform, applicable to our income, operations, assets or another aspect of our business, could have a material adverse impact on our earnings, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. for more information, see items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(c) narrative description of business-regulation."
the ferc, the cpuc, or the neb may establish pipeline tariff rates that have a negative impact on us. in addition, the ferc, the cpuc, the neb, or our customers could initiate proceedings or file complaints challenging the tariff rates charged by our pipelines, which could have an adverse impact on us.
the profitability of our regulated pipelines is influenced by fluctuations in costs and our ability to recover any increases in our costs in the rates charged to our shippers. to the extent that our costs increase in an amount greater than what we are permitted by the ferc, the cpuc, or the neb to recover in our rates, or to the extent that there is a lag before we can file for and obtain rate increases, such events can have a negative impact on our operating results.
our existing rates may also be challenged by complaint. regulators and shippers on our pipelines have rights to challenge, and have challenged, the rates we charge under certain circumstances prescribed by applicable regulations. some shippers on our pipelines have filed complaints with the regulators that seek substantial refunds for alleged overcharges during the years in question and prospective reductions in the tariff rates. further, the ferc may continue to initiate investigations to determine whether interstate natural gas pipelines have over-collected on rates charged to shippers. we may face challenges, similar to those described in note 17 "litigation, environmental and other contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements, to the rates we charge on our pipelines. in addition, following the 2017 tax reform, which reduced the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, various industry groups have petitioned the ferc to consider action with respect to tax recovery in existing jurisdictional rates. any successful challenge to our rates could materially adversely affect our future earnings, cash flows and financial condition.
environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could expose us to significant costs and liabilities.
our operations are subject to federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and potential liabilities arising under or relating to the protection or preservation of the environment, natural resources and human health and safety. such laws and regulations affect many aspects of our present and future operations, and generally require us to obtain and comply with various environmental registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. liability under such laws and regulations may be incurred without regard to fault under cercla, the resource conservation and recovery act, the federal clean water act, the oil pollution act or analogous state or provincial laws as a result of the presence or release of hydrocarbons and other hazardous substances into or through the environment, and these laws may require response actions and remediation and may impose liability for natural resource and other damages. private parties, including the owners of properties through which our pipelines pass, also may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with such laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs and/or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against us.
failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may expose us to civil, criminal and administrative fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could influence our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects. for example, if an accidental leak, release or spill of liquid petroleum products, chemicals or other hazardous substances occurs at or from our pipelines, shipping vessels or storage or other facilities, we may experience significant operational disruptions and we may have to pay a significant amount to clean up or otherwise respond to the leak, release or spill, pay government penalties, address natural resource damage, compensate for human exposure or property damage, install costly pollution control equipment or undertake a combination of these and other measures. the resulting costs and liabilities could materially and negatively affect our earnings and cash flows. in addition, emission controls required under the federal clean air act and other similar federal, state and provincial laws could require significant capital expenditures at our facilities.
we own and/or operate numerous properties that have been used for many years in connection with our business activities. while we believe we have utilized operating, handling, and disposal practices that were consistent with industry practices at the time, hydrocarbons or other hazardous substances may have been released at or from properties owned, operated or used by us or our predecessors, or at or from properties where our or our predecessors' wastes have been taken for disposal. in addition, many of these properties have been owned and/or operated by third parties whose management, handling and disposal of hydrocarbons or other hazardous substances were not under our control. these properties and the hazardous substances released and wastes disposed on them may be subject to laws in the u.s. such as cercla, which impose joint and several liability without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. under the regulatory schemes of the various canadian provinces, such as british columbia's environmental management act, canada has similar laws with respect to properties owned, operated or used by us or our predecessors. under such laws and implementing regulations, we could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed wastes or property contamination, including contamination caused by prior owners or operators. imposition of such liability schemes could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial position.
further, we cannot ensure that such existing laws and regulations will not be revised or that new laws or regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to us. there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate. revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects. for more information, see items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(c) narrative description of business-environmental matters."
increased regulatory requirements relating to the integrity of our pipelines may require us to incur significant capital and operating expense outlays to comply.
we are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to pipeline integrity. there are, for example, federal guidelines issued by the dot for pipeline companies in the areas of testing, education, training and communication. the ultimate costs of compliance with the integrity management rules are difficult to predict. the majority of compliance costs relate to pipeline integrity testing and repairs. technological advances in in-line inspection tools, identification of additional threats to a pipeline's integrity and changes to the amount of pipeline determined to be located in "high consequence areas" can have a significant impact on integrity testing and repair costs. we plan to continue our integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of our existing and future pipelines as required by the dot rules. the results of these tests could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of our pipelines.
further, additional laws and regulations that may be enacted in the future or a new interpretation of existing laws and regulations could significantly increase the amount of these expenditures. there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for pipeline integrity regulation, and actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate. revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not deemed by regulators to be fully recoverable from our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and prospects.
climate change and related regulation could result in significantly increased operating and capital costs for us and could reduce demand for our products and services.
various laws and regulations exist or are under development that seek to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases such as methane and co2, including the epa programs to control greenhouse gas emissions and state actions to develop statewide or regional programs. existing epa regulations require us to report greenhouse gas emissions in the u.s. from sources such as our larger natural gas compressor stations, fractionated ngl, and production of naturally occurring co2 (for example, from our mcelmo dome co2 field), even when such production is not emitted to the atmosphere. proposed approaches to further regulate greenhouse gas emissions include establishing greenhouse gas "cap and trade" programs, increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for pollution reduction, use of renewable energy sources, or use of alternative fuels with lower carbon content. for more information about climate change regulation, see items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(c) narrative description of business-environmental matters-climate change."
adoption of any such laws or regulations could increase our costs to operate and maintain our facilities and could require us to install new emission controls on our facilities, acquire allowances for our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program, and such increased costs could be significant. recovery of such increased costs from our customers is uncertain in all cases and may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before the ferc. such laws or regulations could also lead to reduced demand for hydrocarbon products that are deemed to contribute to greenhouse gases, or restrictions on their use, which in turn could adversely affect demand for our products and services.
finally, some climatic models indicate that global warming is likely to result in rising sea levels and increased frequency and severity of weather events, which may lead to higher insurance costs, or a decrease in available coverage, for our assets in areas subject to severe weather. to the extent these phenomena occur, they could damage our physical assets, especially operations located in low-lying areas near coasts and river banks, and facilities situated in hurricane-prone regions.
any of the foregoing could have adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
increased regulation of exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing, could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, as well as reductions in production from existing wells, which could adversely impact the volumes of natural gas transported on our natural gas pipelines and our own oil and gas development and production activities.
we gather, process or transport crude oil, natural gas or ngl from several areas in which the use of hydraulic fracturing is prevalent. oil and gas development and production activities are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations relating to environmental quality and pollution control. the oil and gas industry is increasingly relying on supplies of hydrocarbons from unconventional sources, such as shale, tight sands and coal bed methane. the extraction of hydrocarbons from these sources frequently requires hydraulic fracturing. hydraulic fracturing involves the pressurized injection of water, sand, and chemicals into the geologic formation to stimulate gas production and is a commonly used stimulation process employed by oil and gas exploration and production operators in the completion of certain oil and gas wells. there have been initiatives at the federal and state levels to regulate or otherwise restrict the use of hydraulic fracturing. adoption of legislation or regulations placing restrictions on hydraulic fracturing activities could impose operational delays, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens on exploration and production operators, which could reduce their production of crude oil, natural gas or ngl and, in turn, adversely affect our revenues, cash flows and results of operations by decreasing the volumes of these commodities that we handle.
in addition, many states are promulgating stricter requirements not only for wells but also compressor stations and other facilities in the oil and gas industry sector. these laws and regulations increase the costs of these activities and may prevent or delay the commencement or continuance of a given operation. specifically, these activities are subject to laws and regulations regarding the acquisition of permits before drilling, restrictions on drilling activities and location, emissions into the environment, water discharges, transportation of hazardous materials, and storage and disposition of wastes. in addition,
legislation has been enacted that requires well and facility sites to be abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of state authorities. these laws and regulations may adversely affect our oil and gas development and production activities.
derivatives regulation could have an adverse effect on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business.
the dodd-frank act requires the cftc and the sec to promulgate rules and regulations establishing federal oversight and regulation of the otc derivatives market and entities that participate in that market. in december 2016, the cftc re-proposed new rules pursuant to the dodd-frank act that would institute broad new aggregate position limits for otc swaps and futures and options traded on regulated exchanges. as the law favors exchange trading and clearing, the dodd-frank act also may require us to move certain derivatives transactions to exchanges where no trade credit is provided. the dodd-frank act, related regulations and the reduction in competition due to derivatives industry consolidation have (i) increased the cost of derivative contracts (including those requirements to post collateral, which could adversely affect our available liquidity); (ii) reduced the availability of derivatives to protect against risks we encounter; and (iii) reduced the liquidity of energy related derivatives.
if we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the legislation and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. increased volatility may make us less attractive to certain types of investors. any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the jones act includes restrictions on ownership by non-u.s. citizens of our u.s. point to point maritime shipping vessels, and failure to comply with the jones act, or changes to or a repeal of the jones act, could limit our ability to operate our vessels in the u.s. coastwise trade, result in the forfeiture of our vessels or otherwise adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and operations.
we are subject to the jones act, which generally restricts u.s. point-to-point maritime shipping to vessels operating under the u.s. flag, built in the u.s., owned and operated by u.s.-organized companies that are controlled and at least 75% owned by u.s. citizens and manned by predominately u.s. crews. our business would be adversely affected if we fail to comply with the jones act provisions on coastwise trade. if we do not comply with any of these requirements, we would be prohibited from operating our vessels in the u.s. coastwise trade and, under certain circumstances, we could be deemed to have undertaken an unapproved transfer to non-u.s. citizens that could result in severe penalties, including permanent loss of u.s. coastwise trading rights for our vessels, fines or forfeiture of vessels. our business could be adversely affected if the jones act were to be modified or repealed so as to permit foreign competition that is not subject to the same u.s. government imposed burdens.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto.  we prepared our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. additional sections in this report which should be helpful to the reading of our discussion and analysis include the following: (i) a description of our business strategy found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(c) narrative description of business-business strategy;" (ii) a description of developments during 2017, found in items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(a) general development of business-recent developments;" and (iii) a description of risk factors affecting us and our business, found in item 1a "risk factors."
inasmuch as the discussion below and the other sections to which we have referred you pertain to management's comments on financial resources, capital spending, our business strategy and the outlook for our business, such discussions contain forward-looking statements.  these forward-looking statements reflect the expectations, beliefs, plans and objectives of management about future financial performance and assumptions underlying management's judgment concerning the matters discussed, and accordingly, involve estimates, assumptions, judgments and uncertainties.  our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements.  factors that could cause or contribute to any differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, particularly in item 1a "risk factors" and at the beginning of this report in "information regarding forward-looking statements."
   helping customers by providing safe and reliable natural gas, liquids products and bulk commodity transportation, storage and distribution; and
to achieve these objectives, we focus on providing fee-based services to customers from a business portfolio consisting of energy-related pipelines, natural gas storage, processing and treating facilities, and bulk and liquids terminal facilities. we also produce and sell crude oil. our reportable business segments are based on the way our management organizes our enterprise, and each of our business segments represents a component of our enterprise that engages in a separate business activity and for which discrete financial information is available.
   natural gas pipelines-the ownership and operation of (i) major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline and storage systems; (ii) natural gas and crude oil gathering systems and natural gas processing and treating facilities; (iii) ngl fractionation facilities and transportation systems; and (iv) lng facilities;
   terminals-the ownership and/or operation of (i) liquids and bulk terminal facilities located throughout the u.s. and portions of canada that transload and store refined petroleum products, crude oil, chemicals, and ethanol and bulk products, including petroleum coke, steel and coal; and (ii) jones act tankers;
   products pipelines-the ownership and operation of refined petroleum products, ngl and crude oil and condensate pipelines that primarily deliver, among other products, gasoline, diesel and jet fuel, propane, ethane, crude oil and condensate to various markets, plus the ownership and/or operation of associated product terminals and petroleum pipeline transmix facilities; and
   kinder morgan canada-the ownership and operation of the trans mountain pipeline system that transports crude oil and refined petroleum products from edmonton, alberta, canada to marketing terminals and refineries in british columbia, canada and the state of washington, plus the jet fuel aviation turbine fuel pipeline that serves the vancouver (canada) international airport.
with respect to our interstate natural gas pipelines, related storage facilities and lng terminals, the revenues from these assets are primarily received under contracts with terms that are fixed for various and extended periods of time.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  these long-term contracts are typically structured with a fixed-fee reserving the right to transport or store natural gas and specify that we receive the majority of our fee for making the capacity available, whether or not the customer actually chooses to utilize the capacity.  similarly, the texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations, currently derives approximately 76% of its sales and transport margins from long-term transport and sales contracts.  as contracts expire, we have additional exposure to the longer term trends in supply and demand for natural gas.  as of december 31, 2017, the remaining weighted average contract life of our natural gas transportation contracts (including intrastate pipelines' terminal sales portfolio) was approximately six years.
our midstream assets provide gathering and processing services for natural gas and gathering services for crude oil. these assets are mostly fee-based and the revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas in order to remove ngl from the natural gas stream, and fractionating ngl into their base components, are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. such volumes are impacted by producer rig count and drilling activity. in addition to fee based arrangements, some of which may include minimum volume commitments, we also provide some services based on percent-of-proceeds, percent-of-index and keep-whole contracts. our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices.
the co2 source and transportation business primarily has third-party contracts with minimum volume requirements, which as of december 31, 2017, had a remaining average contract life of approximately eight years.  co2 sales contracts vary from customer to customer and have evolved over time as supply and demand conditions have changed.  our recent contracts have generally provided for a delivered price tied to the price of crude oil, but with a floor price.  on a volume-weighted basis, for third-party contracts making deliveries in 2018, and utilizing the average oil price per barrel contained in our 2018 budget, approximately 97% of our revenue is based on a fixed fee or floor price, and 3% fluctuates with the price of oil. in the long-term, our success in this portion of the co2 business segment is driven by the demand for co2. however, short-term changes in the demand for co2 typically do not have a significant impact on us due to the required minimum sales volumes under many of our contracts.  in the co2 business segment's oil and gas producing activities, we monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add.  in that regard, our production during any period is an important measure.  in addition, the revenues we receive from our crude oil, ngl and co2 sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products.  over the long-term, we will tend to receive prices that are dictated by the demand and overall market price for these products.  in the shorter term, however, market prices are likely not indicative of the revenues we will receive due to our risk management, or hedging, program, in which the prices to be realized for certain of our future sales quantities are fixed, capped or bracketed through the use of financial derivative contracts, particularly for crude oil.  the realized weighted average crude oil price per barrel, with the hedges allocated to oil, was $58.40 per barrel in 2017, $61.52 per barrel in 2016 and $73.11 per barrel in 2015.  had we not used energy derivative contracts to transfer commodity price risk, our crude oil sales prices would have averaged $49.61 per barrel in 2017, $41.36 per barrel in 2016 and $47.56 per barrel in 2015.
the factors impacting our terminals business segment generally differ between terminals and tankers and depending on whether the terminal is a liquids or bulk terminal, and in the case of a bulk terminal, the type of product being handled or stored.  our liquids terminals business generally has long-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity.  thus, similar to our natural gas pipeline business, our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand.  therefore, the extent to which changes in these variables affect our terminals business in the near term is a function of the length of the underlying service contracts (which on average is approximately three years), the extent to which revenues under the contracts are a function of the amount of product stored or transported, and the extent to which such contracts expire during any given period of time.  as with our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business, the revenues from our bulk terminals business are generally driven by the volumes we handle and/or store, as well as the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped or stored.  while we handle and store a large variety of products in our bulk terminals, the primary products are steel, coal and petroleum coke. for the most part, we have contracts for this business that contain minimum volume guarantees and/or service exclusivity arrangements under which customers are required to utilize our terminals for all or a specified percentage of their handling and storage needs.  the profitability of our minimum volume contracts is generally unaffected by short-term variation in economic
conditions; however, to the extent we expect volumes above the minimum and/or have contracts which are volume-based we can be sensitive to changing market conditions.  to the extent practicable and economically feasible in light of our strategic plans and other factors, we generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity.  in addition, weather-related factors such as hurricanes, floods and droughts may impact our facilities and access to them and, thus, the profitability of certain terminals for limited periods of time or, in relatively rare cases of severe damage to facilities, for longer periods. in addition to liquid and bulk terminals, we also own jones act tankers. as of december 31, 2017, we have sixteen jones act qualified tankers that operate in the marine transportation of crude oil, condensate and refined products in the u.s. and are currently operating pursuant to multi-year fixed price charters with major integrated oil companies, major refiners and the u.s. military sealift command.
the profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation and storage business is generally driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. we also have approximately 51 liquids terminals in this business segment that store fuels and offer blending services for ethanol and biofuels. the transportation and storage volume levels are primarily driven by the demand for the refined petroleum products being shipped or stored.  demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable.  because of that, we seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers.  the prices for shipping are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the u.s. producer price index.
our crude and condensate transportation services are primarily provided either pursuant to (i) long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments or (ii) through terms prescribed by the toll settlements with shippers and approved by regulatory authorities. as a result of these contracts, our settlement volumes are generally not sensitive to changing market conditions in the shorter term, however, in the longer term the revenues and earnings we realize from our crude and condensate pipelines in the u.s. and canada are affected by the volumes of crude and condensate available to our pipeline systems, which are impacted by the level of oil and gas drilling activity in the respective producing regions that we serve. our petroleum condensate processing facility splits condensate into its various components, such as light and heavy naphtha, under a long-term fee-based agreement with a major integrated oil company.
subsequent to the ipo, we retained control of kml, and as a result, it remains consolidated in our consolidated financial statements. the public ownership of the kml restricted voting shares is reflected within "noncontrolling interests" in our consolidated statements of stockholders' equity and consolidated balance sheets. earnings attributable to the public ownership of kml are presented in "net income attributable to noncontrolling interests" in our consolidated statements of income for the periods presented after may 30, 2017. kml transacts in and/or uses the canadian dollar as the functional currency, which affects segment results due to the variability in u.s. - canadian dollar exchange rates.
subsequent to its ipo, kml has obtained a credit facility and completed two preferred share offerings. kmi expects kml to be a self-funding entity and does not anticipate making contributions to fund its growth or specifically to fund the tmep.
tmep permitting and construction progress tmep was approved by order in council on december 1, 2016, with 157 conditions. the province of british columbia (bc) stated its approval of the tmep on january 11, 2017, with 37 conditions. trans mountain has made filings with the neb and bc environment with respect to all of the federal and provincial conditions required prior to general construction. the bc environmental assessment office (eao) has now released all condition filings required prior to general construction. the neb has released sufficient approvals for proceeding with the westridge terminal and temporary infrastructure work phase. trans mountain is now in receipt of a number of priority permits from regulatory authorities in alberta and bc, including access to bc northern interior crown lands. kml continues to make progress on approvals from the neb, government of bc and government of alberta. however, as of the end of 2017, even with this progress, tmep has
yet to obtain numerous provincial and municipal permits and federal condition approvals necessary for construction.
on december 4, 2017, kml announced that, while tmep had made incremental progress during 2017 on permitting, regulatory condition satisfaction and land access, the scope and pace of the permits and approvals received to date did not allow for significant additional construction to begin at that time. kml also stated that it must have a clear line of sight on the timely conclusion of the permitting and approvals processes before it would commit to full construction spending. consistent with its primarily permitting strategy and to mitigate risk, kml set its 2018 budget assuming tmep spend in the first part of 2018 would be focused primarily on advancing the permitting process, rather than spending at full construction levels, until kml has greater clarity on key permits, approvals and judicial reviews. in its january 17, 2018 earnings press release, kml announced a potential unmitigated delay to project completion of one year (to december 2020) primarily due to the time required to file for, process and obtain necessary permits and regulatory approvals. as stated in trans mountain's november 14, 2017 motion to the neb discussed below, "it is critical for trans mountain to have certainty that once started, the tmep can confidently be completed on schedule." the tmep projected in service date remains subject to change due to risks and uncertainties described in "information regarding forward-looking statements," "item 1a, risk factors," elsewhere in this item 7, and in note 17 to our consolidated financial statements under the heading "tmep litigation." further, as stated in kml's january 17, 2018 earnings press release, if tmep continues to be "faced with unreasonable regulatory risks due to a lack of clear processes to secure necessary permits . . . it may become untenable for trans mountain's shareholders . . . to proceed." trans mountain continues to proceed in water work at the westridge terminal.
on october 26 and november 14, 2017, kml filed motions with the neb to resolve delays as they relate to the city of burnaby and to establish a fair, transparent and expedited backstop process for resolving any similar delays in other provincial and municipal permitting processes. on december 7, 2017, the neb granted kml's motion in respect to the city of burnaby and indicated that trans mountain is not required to comply with two sections of the city's bylaws, thereby allowing trans mountain to start work at its pipeline terminals subject to other permits or authorizations that may be required. the neb indicated that it would release its reasons for decision at a later date. on january 18, 2018, the neb issued its reasons for decision on the burnaby motion and granted in part trans mountain's motion for a backstop process, establishing a generic process to hear any future motions as they relate to provincial and municipal permitting issues.
hearings were held in october and november 2017 related to two judicial reviews underway in the bc supreme court with respect to the environmental certificate granted to tmep by the province of bc. separate judicial reviews pending in the federal court of appeal challenging the process leading to the federal government's approval of tmep were heard by the court from october 2 to october 13, 2017. decisions from the courts are expected in the coming months. kmi is confident that the neb, the federal government, and the bc government properly assessed and weighed the various scientific and technical evidence through a comprehensive review process, while taking into consideration varying interests on the tmep. the approvals granted followed many years of engagement and consultation with communities, aboriginal groups and individuals.
as of the end of the fourth quarter 2017, a cumulative c$930 million has been spent on the tmep. kml's estimated total cost for the tmep is c$7.4 billion (c$6.7 billion excluding capitalized equity financing costs). construction related delays could result in increases to the estimated total costs; however, because the extent of the delay remains uncertain, kml has not updated its cost estimate at this time.
2017 tax reform while the recently enacted 2017 tax reform will ultimately be moderately positive for us, the reduced corporate income tax rate caused certain of our deferred-tax assets to be revalued at 21 percent versus 35 percent at the end of 2017.  although there is no impact to the underlying related deductions, which can continue to be used to offset future taxable income, we took an estimated approximately $1.4 billion non-cash accounting charge in the fourth quarter of 2017.  this charge is our initial estimate and may be refined in the future as permitted by recent guidance from the sec and fasb. the positive impacts of the law include the reduced corporate income tax rate and the fact that several of our u.s. business units (essentially all but our interstate natural gas pipelines) will be able to deduct 100 percent of their capital expenditures through 2022.  the net impact results in postponing the date when we become a significant federal cash taxpayer by approximately one year, to beyond 2024.
critical accounting policies and estimates accounting standards require information in financial statements about the risks and uncertainties inherent in significant estimates, and the application of gaap involves the exercise of varying degrees of judgment.  certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated, requiring us to make certain assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time our financial statements are prepared.  these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for our assets and liabilities, our revenues and expenses during the reporting period, and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements.  we routinely evaluate these estimates, utilizing historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances.  nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates, and any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, examples of certain areas that require more judgment relative to others include our use of estimates in determining: (i) revenue recognition and income taxes, (ii) the economic useful lives of our assets and related depletion rates; (iii) the fair values used to (a) assign purchase price from business combinations, (b) determine possible asset and equity investment impairment charges, and (c) calculate the annual goodwill impairment test; (iv) reserves for environmental claims, legal fees, transportation rate cases and other litigation liabilities; (v) provisions for uncollectible accounts receivables; and (vi) exposures under contractual indemnifications.
acquisition method of accounting for acquired businesses, we generally recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition. determining the fair value of these items requires management's judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. for more information on our acquisitions and application of the acquisition method, see note 3 "acquisitions and divestitures" to our consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters with respect to our environmental exposure, we utilize both internal staff and external experts to assist us in identifying environmental issues and in estimating the costs and timing of remediation efforts.  we expense or capitalize, as appropriate, environmental expenditures that relate to current operations, and we record environmental liabilities when environmental assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable and we can reasonably estimate the costs.  generally, we do not discount environmental liabilities to a net present value, and we recognize receivables for anticipated associated insurance recoveries when such recoveries are deemed to be probable. we record at fair value, where appropriate, environmental liabilities assumed in a business combination.
our recording of our environmental accruals often coincides with our completion of a feasibility study or our commitment to a formal plan of action, but generally, we recognize and/or adjust our environmental liabilities following routine reviews of potential environmental issues and claims that could impact our assets or operations.  these adjustments may result in increases in environmental expenses and are primarily related to quarterly reviews of potential environmental issues and resulting environmental liability estimates. in making these liability estimations, we consider the effect of environmental compliance, pending legal actions against us, and potential third party liability claims.  for more information on environmental matters, see part i, items 1 and 2 "business and properties-(c) narrative description of business-environmental matters." for more information on our environmental disclosures, see note 17 "litigation, environmental and other contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements.
legal and regulatory matters many of our operations are regulated by various u.s. and canadian regulatory bodies and we are subject to legal and regulatory matters as a result of our business operations and transactions.  we utilize both internal and external counsel in evaluating our potential exposure to adverse outcomes from orders, judgments or settlements.  in general, we expense legal costs as incurred.  when we identify contingent liabilities, we identify a range of possible costs expected to be required to resolve the matter.  generally, if no amount within this range is a better estimate than any other amount, we record a liability equal to the low end of the range.  any such liability recorded is revised as better information becomes available. accordingly, to the extent that actual outcomes differ from our estimates, or additional facts and circumstances cause us to revise our estimates, our earnings will be affected. for more information on legal proceedings, see note 17 "litigation, environmental and other contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements.
intangible assets intangible assets are those assets which provide future economic benefit but have no physical substance.  identifiable intangible assets having indefinite useful economic lives, including goodwill, are not subject to regular periodic amortization, and such assets are not to be amortized until their lives are determined to be finite.  instead, the carrying amount of a recognized intangible asset with an indefinite useful life must be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset has decreased below its carrying value.  we evaluate goodwill for impairment on may 31 of each year. at year end and during other interim periods we evaluate our reporting units for events and changes that could indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit could be less than its carrying amount.
excluding goodwill, our other intangible assets include customer contracts, relationships and agreements, lease value, and technology-based assets.  these intangible assets have definite lives, are being amortized in a systematic and rational manner over their estimated useful lives, and are reported separately as "other intangibles, net" in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
hedging activities we engage in a hedging program that utilizes derivative contracts to mitigate (offset) our exposure to fluctuations in energy commodity prices, foreign currency exposure on euro denominated debt, and to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates, and we believe that these hedges are generally effective in realizing these objectives.  according to the provisions of gaap, to be considered effective, changes in the value of a derivative contract or its resulting cash flows must substantially offset changes in the value or cash flows of the item being hedged, and any ineffective portion of the hedge gain or loss and any component excluded from the computation of the effectiveness of the derivative contract must be reported in earnings immediately.
all of our derivative contracts are recorded at estimated fair value. we utilize published prices, broker quotes, and estimates of market prices to estimate the fair value of these contracts; however, actual amounts could vary materially from estimated fair values as a result of changes in market prices. in addition, changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. we do not anticipate future changes in the methods used to determine the fair value of these derivative contracts. for more information on our hedging activities, see note 14 "risk management" to our consolidated financial statements.
employee benefit plans we reflect an asset or liability for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans based on their overfunded or underfunded status. as of december 31, 2017, our pension plans were underfunded by $686 million and our other postretirement benefits plans were underfunded by $90 million. our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations and net benefit costs are primarily based on actuarial calculations. we use various assumptions in performing these calculations, including those related to the return that we expect to earn on our plan assets, the rate at which we expect the compensation of our employees to increase over the plan term, the estimated cost of health care when benefits are provided under our plan and other factors. a significant assumption we utilize is the discount rate used in calculating our benefit obligations. we utilize a full yield curve approach in the estimation of the service and interest cost components of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans which applies the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. the selection of these assumptions is further discussed in note 10 "share-based compensation and employee benefits" to our consolidated financial statements.
actual results may differ from the assumptions included in these calculations, and as a result, our estimates associated with our pension and other postretirement benefits can be, and often are, revised in the future. the income statement impact of the changes in the assumptions on our related benefit obligations are deferred and amortized into income over either the period of expected future service of active participants, or over the expected future lives of inactive plan participants. as of december 31, 2017, we had deferred net losses of approximately $547 million in pretax accumulated other comprehensive loss and noncontrolling interests related to our pension and other postretirement benefits.
the following table shows the impact of a 1% change in the primary assumptions used in our actuarial calculations associated with our pension and other postretirement benefits for the year ended december 31, 2017:
pension benefits                                                          other postretirement benefits net benefit cost (income)             change in funded status(a)          net benefit cost (income)               change in funded status(a)
(a)   includes amounts deferred as either accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or as a regulatory asset or liability for certain of our regulated operations.
income taxes income tax expense is recorded based on an estimate of the effective tax rate in effect or to be in effect during the relevant periods. changes in tax legislation are included in the relevant computations in the period in which such changes are enacted. we do business in a number of states with differing laws concerning how income subject to each state's tax structure is measured and at what effective rate such income is taxed. therefore, we must make estimates of how our income will be apportioned among the various states in order to arrive at an overall effective tax rate. changes in our effective rate, including any effect on previously recorded deferred taxes, are recorded in the period in which the need for such change is identified.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance for the amount that is more likely than not to not be realized. while we have considered estimated future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in determining the amount of our valuation allowance, any change in the amount that we expect to ultimately realize will be included in income in the period in which such a determination is reached.
in determining the deferred income tax asset and liability balances attributable to our investments, we apply an accounting policy that looks through our investments. the application of this policy resulted in no deferred income taxes being provided on the difference between the book and tax basis on the non-tax-deductible goodwill portion of our investments.
results of operations overview our management evaluates our performance primarily using the measures of segment ebda and, as discussed below under "-non-gaap measures," dcf, and segment ebda before certain items. segment ebda is a useful measure of our operating performance because it measures the operating results of our segments before dd&a and certain expenses that are generally not controllable by our business segment operating managers, such as general and administrative expenses, interest expense, net, and income taxes. our general and administrative expenses include such items as employee benefits, insurance, rentals, unallocated litigation and environmental expenses, and shared corporate services including accounting, information technology, human resources and legal services.
in our discussions of the operating results of individual businesses that follow, we generally identify the important fluctuations between periods that are attributable to acquisitions and dispositions separately from those that are attributable to businesses owned in both periods.
amortization of excess cost of equity investments                  (61    )              (59    )              (51    )
(a)   includes revenues, earnings from equity investments, and other, net, less operating expenses, other expense (income), net, losses on impairments of goodwill, losses on impairments and divestitures, net and losses on impairments and divestitures of equity investments, net. operating expenses include costs of sales, operations and maintenance expenses, and taxes, other than income taxes.
certain items affecting total segment ebda (see "-non-gaap measures" below)
(b)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include decreases in earnings of $384 million, $1,121 million and $1,748 million, respectively, related to the combined net effect of the certain items impacting total segment ebda. the extent to which these items affect each of our business segments is discussed below in the footnotes to the tables within "-segment earnings results."
(c)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include an increase to expense of $15 million, a decrease to expense of $13 million and an increase to expense of $60 million, respectively, related to the combined net effect of the certain items related to general and administrative and corporate charges disclosed below in "-general and administrative and corporate charges, interest, net and noncontrolling interests."
(d)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include decreases in expense of $39 million, $193 million and $27 million, respectively, related to the combined net effect of the certain items related to interest expense, net disclosed below in "-general and administrative and corporate charges, interest, net and noncontrolling interests."
(e)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include increases in expense of $1,085 million and $18 million and a decrease in expense of $340 million, respectively, related to the combined net effect of the certain items related to income tax expense representing the income tax provision on certain items plus discrete income tax items.
the certain item totals reflected in footnotes (b), (c) and (d) to the table above accounted for $555 million of the increase in income before income taxes in 2017 as compared to 2016 (representing the difference between decreases of $360 million and $915 million in income before income taxes for 2017 and 2016, respectively). after giving effect to these certain items, which are discussed in more detail in the discussion that follows, the remaining decrease of $32 million (1%) from the prior year in income before income taxes is primarily attributable to decreased performance from our natural gas pipelines business segment, largely associated with our sale of a 50% interest in sng to the southern company (southern company) on september 1, 2016, and increased dd&a expense partially offset by decreased general and administrative expense and decreased interest expense.
the certain item totals reflected in footnotes (b), (c) and (d) to the table above accounted for $866 million of the increase in income before income taxes in 2016 as compared to 2015 (representing the difference between decreases of $915 million and $1,781 million in income before income taxes for 2016 and 2015, respectively). after giving effect to these certain items, which are discussed in more detail in the discussion that follows, income before income taxes for 2016 when compared to the prior year was flat. increased results in our products pipelines and terminals business segments and decreased dd&a expense and interest expense, net, were offset by unfavorable commodity prices affecting our co2 business segment and decreased results on our natural gas pipelines business segment. the decrease in dd&a was primarily driven by lower dd&a in our co2 business segment and the decrease in interest expense was due to lower weighted average debt balances, partially offset by a slightly higher overall weighted average interest rate on outstanding debt.
non-gaap financial measures our non-gaap performance measures are dcf, both in the aggregate and per share, and segment ebda before certain items. certain items, as used to calculate our non-gaap measures, are items that are required by gaap to be reflected in net income, but typically either (i) do not have a cash impact (for example, asset impairments), or (ii) by their nature are separately identifiable from our normal business operations and in our view are likely to occur only sporadically (for example certain legal settlements, enactment of new tax legislation and casualty losses).
our non-gaap performance measures described below should not be considered alternatives to gaap net income or other gaap measures and have important limitations as analytical tools. our computations of dcf and segment ebda before certain items may differ from similarly titled measures used by others. you should not consider these non-gaap performance measures in isolation or as substitutes for an analysis of our results as reported under gaap. dcf should not be used as an alternative to net cash provided by operating activities computed under gaap. management compensates for the limitations of these non-gaap performance measures by reviewing our comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and taking this information into account in its analysis and its decision making processes.
dcf dcf is calculated by adjusting net income available to common stockholders before certain items for dd&a, total book and cash taxes, sustaining capital expenditures and other items. dcf is a significant performance measure useful to management and external users of our financial statements in evaluating our performance and in measuring and estimating the ability of our assets to generate cash earnings after servicing our debt and preferred stock dividends, paying cash taxes and expending sustaining capital that could be used for discretionary purposes such as common stock dividends, stock repurchases, retirement of debt, or expansion capital expenditures. we believe the gaap measure most directly comparable to dcf is net income available to common stockholders. a reconciliation of dcf to net income available to common stockholders is provided in the table below. dcf per share is dcf divided by average outstanding shares, including restricted stock awards that participate in dividends.
segment ebda before certain items segment ebda before certain items is used by management in its analysis of segment performance and management of our business. general and administrative expenses are generally not under the control of our segment operating managers, and
therefore, are not included when we measure business segment operating performance. we believe segment ebda before certain items is a significant performance metric because it provides us and external users of our financial statements additional insight into the ability of our segments to generate segment cash earnings on an ongoing basis. we believe it is useful to investors because it is a performance measure that management uses to allocate resources to our segments and assess each segment's performance. we believe the gaap measure most directly comparable to segment ebda before certain items is segment earnings before dd&a and amortization of excess cost of equity investments (segment ebda).
in the tables for each of our business segments under "- segment earnings results" below, segment ebda before certain items is calculated by adjusting the segment ebda for the applicable certain item amounts, which are totaled in the tables and described in the footnotes to those tables.
certain items before book tax(a)                                         141                   915                 1,781
book tax certain items(b)                                                (77    )               18                  (340    )
total certain items                                                    1,445                   933                 1,441
noncontrolling interest certain items(d)                                   -                    (8    )              (63    )
net income available to common stockholders before certain items       1,472                 1,477                 1,605
other items(h)                                                            29                    43                    32
sustaining capital expenditures(i)                                      (588    )             (540    )             (565    )
(a)   consists of certain items summarized in footnotes (b) through (d) to the "-results of operations-consolidated earnings results" table included above, and described in more detail below in the footnotes to tables included in both our management's discussion and analysis of segment results and "-general and administrative and corporate charges, interest, net and noncontrolling interests."
(b)   represents income tax provision on certain items plus discrete income tax items. for 2017, discrete income tax items include a $36 million federal return-to-provision tax benefit as a result of the recognition of an enhanced oil recovery credit instead of deduction. for 2016, discrete income tax items include a $276 million increase in tax expense primarily due to the impact of the sale of a 50% interest in sng discussed in note 5 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements.
(c)   amount includes book tax certain items and $219 million pre-tax certain items related to our ferc regulated business. see note 5 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements.
(d)   represents noncontrolling interests share of certain items.
(e)   includes dd&amp;a, amortization of excess cost of equity investments and our share of certain equity investee's dd&amp;a, net of the noncontrolling interests' portion of kml dd&amp;a and consolidating joint venture partners' share of dd&amp;a of $362 million, $349 million and $323 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(f)   excludes book tax certain items of $(1,085) million, $(18) million and $340 million for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. 2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts also include $104 million, $94 million and $72 million, respectively, of our share of taxable equity investee's book taxes, net of the noncontrolling interests' portion of kml book taxes.
(g)   includes our share of taxable equity investee's cash taxes of $(69) million, $(76) million and $(19) million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(h)   amounts include non-cash compensation associated with our restricted stock program. 2017 amount also includes a pension contribution.
(i)   includes our share of (i) certain equity investee's, (ii) kml's, and (ii) consolidating subsidiaries' sustaining capital expenditures of $(107) million, $(90) million and $(70) million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(j)   includes restricted stock awards that participate in common share dividends and, for 2015, the dilutive effect of warrants, which expired on may 25, 2017 without the issuance of class p common stock.
loss on impairments and divestitures, net(d)           (27     )              (200     )              (122     )
earnings from equity investments(e)                    453                     385                     351
loss on impairments of equity investments(f)          (150     )              (606     )               (26     )
certain items(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(f)(g)                     392                     825                   1,062
segment ebda before certain items                   $3,879                  $4,036                  $4,129
revenues before certain items                         $594                   $(477     )
segment ebda before certain items                    $(157     )              $(93     )
certain items affecting segment ebda
(a)   2017 and 2015 amounts include increases in revenues of $8 million and $32 million, respectively, and 2016 amount includes a decrease in revenues of $50 million, all related to non-cash mark-to-market derivative contracts used to hedge forecasted natural gas, ngl and crude oil sales. 2016 amount also includes an increase in revenue of $39 million associated with revenue collected on a customer's early buyout of a long-term natural gas storage contract. 2015 amount also includes an increase in revenues of $200 million associated with amounts collected on the early termination of a long-term natural gas transportation contract on kmlp.
(b)   2017 amount includes a decrease in earnings of (i) $166 million related to the impact of the 2017 tax reform; (ii) $3 million related to the non-cash impairment loss associated with the colden storage field; and (iii) $3 million from other certain items. 2016 and 2015 amounts include a decrease in earnings of $3 million and an increase in earnings of $1 million, respectively, from other certain items.
(c)   2015 decrease in earnings of $1,150 million relates to goodwill impairments on our non-regulated midstream reporting unit.
(d)   2017 amount includes a decrease in earnings of $27 million related to the non-cash impairment loss associated with the colden storage field. 2016 amount includes (i) a decrease in earnings of $106 million of project write-offs; (ii) an $84 million pre-tax loss on the sale of a 50% interest in our sng natural gas pipeline system; and (iii) an $11 million decrease in earnings from other certain items. 2015 amount includes (i) $52 million of losses related to divestitures of certain non-regulated midstream assets; (ii) $47 million of losses related to other impairments on our non-regulated midstream assets; and (iii) a $25 million net decrease in earnings related to project write-offs and other certain items.
(e)   2017 amount includes (i) a decrease in earnings of $58 million related to 2017 tax reform adjustments recorded by equity investees; (ii) an increase in earnings from an equity investment of $22 million on the sale of a claim related to the early termination of a long-term natural gas transportation contract; (iii) an increase in earnings from an equity investment of $12 million related to a customer contract settlement; (iv) a decrease in earnings of $12 million related to early termination of debt at an equity investee; and (v) a decrease in earnings of $10 million related to a non-cash impairment at an equity investee. 2016 amount includes an increase in earnings of $18 million related to the early termination of a customer contract at an equity investee and a decrease in earnings of $12 million related to
other certain items at equity investees. 2015 amount includes an increase in earnings of $5 million related to other certain items at an equity investee.
(f)   2017 amount includes a $150 million non-cash impairment loss related to our investment in fep. 2016 amount includes $606 million of non-cash impairment losses primarily related to our investments in mep and ruby. 2015 amount includes $26 million of non-cash impairment losses primarily associated with our investment in fort union gas gathering l.l.c.
(g)   2017 and 2016 amounts include decreases in earnings of $5 million and $10 million, respectively, related to certain litigation matters.
(h)   joint venture throughput is reported at our ownership share. volumes for acquired pipelines are included at our ownership share for the entire period, however, ebda contributions from acquisitions are included only for the periods subsequent to their acquisition.
below are the changes in both segment ebda before certain items and revenues before certain items in 2017 and 2016, when compared with the respective prior year:
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                   revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
(a) equity investment the changes in segment ebda for our natural gas pipelines business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2017 and 2016:
   decrease of $49 million (18%) from south texas midstream primarily due to lower commodity based service revenues and residue gas sales as a result of lower volumes partially offset by higher ngl sales gross margin primarily due to rising ngl prices;
   decrease of $11 million (26%) from oklahoma midstream primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable producer mix. higher revenues of $199 million and associated increase in costs of goods sold were primarily due to higher commodity prices;
   increase of $68 million (6%) from tgp primarily due to higher firm transportation revenues driven by incremental capacity sales, expansion projects recently placed in service and an increase in operational gas sales, partially offset by an increase in the associated gas cost;
   increase of $22 million (183%) from our equity investment in ngpl primarily due to lower interest expense due to a reduction in interest rates due to debt refinancing and the repayment of bank borrowings in 2017;
   increase of $18 million (4%) from epng primarily due to higher transportation revenues driven by incremental permian capacity sales and an increase in volumes due to the ramp up of existing customer volumes associated with an expansion project partially offset by increased operations and maintenance expense;
   increase of $13 million (3%) from our texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations (including the operations of its kinder morgan tejas, border, kinder morgan texas, north texas and mier-monterrey mexico pipeline systems) primarily due to higher transportation margins as a result of higher volumes and higher park and loan revenues partially offset by lower storage and sales margins. the increases in revenues of $605 million resulted primarily from an increase in sales revenue due primarily to higher commodity prices which was largely offset by a corresponding increase in costs of sales; and
   increase of $10 million (27%) from altamont midstream primarily due to higher natural gas and liquids revenues due to higher commodity prices and volumes.
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                   revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
the changes in segment ebda for our natural gas pipelines business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2016 and 2015:
   increase of $59 million (42%) from hiland midstream primarily due to favorable margins on renegotiated contracts, along with results of a full year from our february 2015 hiland acquisition; and
   increase of $7 million (2%) from our texas intrastate natural gas pipeline operations (including the operations of its kinder morgan tejas, border, kinder morgan texas, north texas and mier-monterrey mexico pipeline systems) primarily due to higher storage margins partially offset by lower sales and transportation margins as a result of lower volumes. the decrease in revenues of $278 million resulted primarily from a decrease in sales revenue due to lower commodity prices which was largely offset by a corresponding decrease in costs of sales.
gain (loss) on impairments and divestitures, net(b)                           1                     (19     )              (606     )
earnings from equity investments(c)                                          44                      24                      (3     )
certain items(a)(b)(c)                                                       40                      92                     484
segment ebda before certain items                                          $887                    $919                  $1,142
revenues before certain items                                              $(43     )             $(267     )
segment ebda before certain items                                          $(32     )             $(223     )
katz, goldsmith, and tall cotton oil production - gross (mbbl/d)(e)         8.1                     7.0                     5.7
katz, goldsmith, and tall cotton oil production - net (mbbl/d)(f)           6.9                     5.9                     4.8
certain items affecting segment ebda
(a)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include unrealized losses of $54 million and $63 million, and an unrealized gain of $138 million, respectively, related to non-cash mark to market derivative contracts used to hedge forecasted commodity sales. 2017 amount also includes an increase in revenues of $9 million related to the settlement of a co2 customer sales contract and 2015 amount also includes a favorable adjustment of $10 million related to carried working interest at mcelmo dome.
(b)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include a decrease in expense of $1 million and increases in expense of $20 million and $207 million, respectively, related to source and transportation project write-offs. 2015 amount also includes oil and gas property impairments of $399 million.
(c)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include an increase in equity earnings of $4 million and decreases in equity earnings of $9 million and $26 million, respectively, for our share of a project write-off recorded by an equity investee.
(e)   represents 100% of the production from the field. we own an approximately 97% working interest in the sacroc unit, an approximately 50% working interest in the yates unit, an approximately 99% working interest in the katz unit and a 99% working interest in the goldsmith landreth unit and a 100% working interest in the tall cotton field.
below are the changes in both segment ebda before certain items and revenues before certain items in 2017 and 2016, when compared with the respective prior year:
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
source and transportation activities   $2                                                  1%                   $(9                     )                            (3)%
oil and gas producing activities       (34                       )                         (6)%                 (33                     )                            (3)%
the changes in segment ebda for our co2 business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2017 and 2016:
   increase of $2 million (1%) from our source and transportation activities primarily due to increased earnings from an equity investee of $6 million and lower operating expenses of $5 million partially offset by lower revenues of $9 million driven by lower contract sales prices of $7 million and decreased volumes of $2 million; and
   decrease of $34 million (6%) from our oil and gas producing activities primarily due to decreased revenues of $33 million driven by lower volumes of $22 million and lower commodity prices of $11 million, and higher operating expenses of $1 million.
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
source and transportation activities   $(27                      )                         (8)%                 $(36                    )                            (9)%
oil and gas producing activities       (196                      )                         (24)%                (241                    )                           (20)%
the changes in segment ebda for our co2 business segment are further explained by the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2016 and 2015 which factors include lower revenues of $205 million from lower commodity prices and $72 million due to decreased volumes, partially offset by (i) $27 million in reduced operating costs; (ii) $15 million of lower severance and ad valorem tax expenses; and (iii) $11 million primarily related to increased earnings from an equity investee.
gain (loss) on impairments and divestitures, net(c)                         14                     (99     )              (191     )
earnings from equity investments(d)                                         24                      35                      21
loss on impairments and divestitures of equity investments, net(e)           -                     (16     )                (4     )
certain items, net(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)                                          (10     )                91                     206
segment ebda before certain items                                       $1,214                  $1,169                  $1,084
revenues before certain items                                              $68                     $38
segment ebda before certain items                                          $45                     $85
liquids leaseable capacity (mmbbl)                                        87.9                    84.7                    78.6
certain items affecting segment ebda
(a)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include increases in revenues of $9 million, $28 million and $23 million, respectively, from the amortization of a fair value adjustment (associated with the below market contracts assumed upon acquisition) from our jones act tankers. 2017 amount also includes a decrease in revenues of $5 million related to other certain items.
(b)   2017 amount includes (i) an increase in expense of $21 million related to hurricane repairs; (ii) a decrease in expense of $10 million related to accrued dredging costs; and (iii) a decrease in expense of $2 million related to other certain items. 2016 amount includes an increase in expense of $3 million related to other certain items. 2015 amount includes a $34 million increase in bad debt expense due to certain coal customers bankruptcies related to revenues recognized in prior years but not yet collected and an increase in expense of $2 million related to other certain items.
(c)   2017 amount includes a gain of $23 million primarily related to the sale of a 40% membership interest in the deeprock development joint venture in july 2017 and losses of $8 million related to other impairments and divestitures, net. 2016 amount includes an expense of $109 million related to various losses on impairments and divestitures, net. 2015 amount includes a $175 million non-cash pre-tax impairment of a terminal facility reflecting the impact of an agreement to adjust certain payment terms under a contract with a coal customer and $14 million related to other losses on impairments and divestitures, net.
(d)   2016 amount includes an increase in earnings of $9 million related to our share of the settlement of a certain litigation matter at an equity investee. 2015 amount includes a decrease in earnings of $4 million related to a non-cash impairment at an equity investee.
(e)   2016 amount includes $16 million related to various losses on impairments and divestitures of equity investments, net.
(f)   the ratio of our actual leased capacity to our estimated capacity.
below are the changes in both segment ebda before certain items and revenues before certain items in 2017 and 2016, when compared with the respective prior year:
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
the changes in segment ebda for our terminals business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2017 and 2016:
   increase of $20 million (8%) from our gulf liquids terminals primarily related to higher volumes as a result of various expansion projects, including the recently commissioned kinder morgan export terminal and north docks terminal, partially offset by lost revenue associated with hurricane harvey-related operational disruptions;
   increase of $8 million (6%) from our alberta, canada terminals primarily due to escalations in predominantly fixed, take-or-pay terminaling contracts and a true-up in terminal fees in connection with a favorable arbitration ruling;
   decrease of $19 million (100%) from our sale of certain bulk terminal facilities to an affiliate of watco companies, llc in december 2016 and early 2017; and
   decrease of $17 million (16%) from our gulf central terminals primarily related to the sale of a 40% membership interest in the deeprock development joint venture in july 2017 and the subsequent change in accounting treatment of our retained 11% membership interest as well as lost revenue associated with hurricane harvey-related operational disruptions.
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
the changes in segment ebda for our terminals business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2016 and 2015:
   increase of $14 million (6%) from our gulf liquids terminals, primarily related to higher volumes as a result of various expansion projects, including marine infrastructure improvements at our galena park and north docks terminals, as well as higher rates and ancillary service activities on existing business;
   increase of $11 million (10%) from our northeast terminals, primarily due to contributions from two terminals acquired as part of the bp products north america inc. acquisition which was completed in february 2016;
   increase of $4 million (7%) from our lower river terminals, due to a $15 million write-off of certain coal customers accounts receivable which occurred in 2015 and favorable results from certain lower river terminals, partially offset by decreased revenues and earnings of $18 million due to certain coal customer bankruptcies;
   decrease of $13 million (17%) from our gulf bulk terminals, driven by decreased revenues and earnings of $41 million due to certain coal customer bankruptcies offset by a $28 million write-off of a certain coal customer's accounts receivable which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2015;
   decrease of $2 million (67%) from our sale of certain bulk and transload terminal facilities to watco companies, llc in early 2015; and
   included in "all others" is a decrease in revenues and earnings of $11 million due to certain coal customer bankruptcies as compared to a $4 million write-off of certain coal customers accounts receivable which occurred in 2015.
loss on impairments and divestitures, net(b)           -                     (76     )                 -
earnings from equity investments(c)                   58                      53                      45
gain on divestiture of equity investment(d)            -                      12                       -
certain items(a)(b)(c)(d)                            (38     )               113                      (4     )
segment ebda before certain items                 $1,193                  $1,180                  $1,102
revenues before certain items                        $12                   $(182     )
segment ebda before certain items                    $13                     $78
certain items affecting segment ebda
(a)   2017 amount includes a decrease in expense of $34 million related to a right-of-way settlement and an increase in expense of $1 million related to hurricane repairs. 2016 amount includes increases in expense of $31 million of rate case liability estimate adjustments associated with prior periods and $20 million related to a legal settlement. 2015 amount includes a $4 million decrease in expense associated with a certain pacific operations litigation matter.
(b)   2016 amount includes increases in expense of $65 million related to the palmetto project write-off and $9 million of non-cash impairment charges related to the sale of a transmix facility.
(c)   2017 amount includes an increase in equity earnings of $5 million related to the impact of the 2017 tax reform at an equity investee.
(d)   2016 amount includes a $12 million gain related to the sale of an equity investment.
below are the changes in both segment ebda before certain items and revenues before certain items in 2017 and 2016, when compared with the respective prior year:
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
the changes in segment ebda for our products pipelines business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2017 and 2016:
   increase of $4 million (5%) from our south east terminals primarily due to higher revenues driven by higher volumes as a result of capital expansion projects being placed in service during 2017;
segment ebda before certain itemsincrease/(decrease)                     revenues beforecertain itemsincrease/(decrease)
kmcc - splitter                                            20                                    53%                              30                                 71%
the changes in segment ebda for our products pipelines business segment are further explained by the following discussion of the significant factors driving segment ebda before certain items in the comparable years of 2016 and 2015:
   increase of $37 million (20%) from kinder morgan crude &amp; condensate pipeline driven primarily by an increase in pipeline throughput volumes from existing customers and additional volumes associated with expansion projects;
   increase of $20 million (53%) from our kmcc - splitter due to first and second phases being in full operation for 2016. start up of first phase was in march 2015 and second phase was in july 2015;
   increase of $9 million (17%) from our equity investment in plantation pipe line primarily due to lower operating costs;
   decrease of $13 million (11%) from cochin primarily due to higher pipeline integrity costs.
for the comparable years of 2017 and 2016, the kinder morgan canada business segment had an increase in segment ebda of $5 million (3%) and an increase in revenues of $3 million (1%) primarily due to (i) higher capitalized equity financing costs due to spending on the tmep; (ii) currency translation gains due to the strengthening of the canadian dollar; and (iii) higher incentive revenues partly offset by lower state of washington volumes and operating expense timing changes.
certain items(a)                                                                 (15    )               13                   (60    )
general and administrative and corporate charges before certain items           $645                  $665                  $648
certain items(b)                                                                  39                   193                    27
interest, net, before certain items                                           $1,871                $1,999                $2,078
noncontrolling interests associated with certain items(c)                          -                     8                    63
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests before certain items         $40                   $21                   $18
certain items
(a)   2017 amount includes (i) an increase in expense of $10 million for acquisition and divestiture related costs; (ii) an increase in expense of $4 million related to certain corporate litigation matters; (iii) an increase in expense of $5 million related to a pension settlement; and (iv) decrease in expense of $4 million related to other certain items. 2016 amount includes increases in expense of (i) $14 million related to severance costs; and (ii) $12 million related to acquisition and divestiture costs; offset by decreases in expense of (i) $34 million related to certain corporate litigation matters; and (ii) $5 million related to other certain items. 2015 amount includes increases in expense of (i) $71 million related to certain corporate legal matters; (ii) $15 million related to costs associated with acquisitions; and (iii) $9 million associated with other certain items; offset by a decrease in expense of $35 million related to pension credit income.
(b)   2017, 2016 and 2015 amounts include (i) decreases in interest expense of $44 million, $115 million and $71 million, respectively, related to non-cash debt fair value adjustments associated with acquisitions and (ii) decreases of $3 million and $44 million and an increase of $23 million, respectively, in interest expense primarily related to non-cash true-ups of our estimates of swap ineffectiveness. 2017 amount also includes an $8 million increase in interest expense related to other certain items. 2016 and 2015 amounts also include a $34 million decrease and a $21 million increase, respectively, in interest expense related to certain litigation matters.
(c)   amounts reflect the noncontrolling interest portion of certain items including (i) a $49 million loss for 2015 associated with terminals segment certain items and disclosed above in "-terminals" and (ii) an $8 million loss for 2016 and a $14 million loss for 2015 associated with natural gas pipelines segment certain items and disclosed above in "-natural gas pipelines."
general and administrative expenses and corporate charges before certain items decreased $20 million in 2017 and increased $17 million in 2016 when compared with the respective prior year. the decrease in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily driven by the sale of a 50% interest in our sng natural gas pipeline system (effective september 1, 2016), higher capitalized costs, lower state franchise taxes, legal and insurance costs, partially offset by higher labor accruals and pension costs. the increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily driven by higher benefit costs, higher corporate charges and lower capitalized costs partially offset by lower labor, outside services and insurance costs.
in the table above, we report our interest expense as "net," meaning that we have subtracted interest income and capitalized interest from our total interest expense to arrive at one interest amount.  our consolidated interest expense net of interest income before certain items, decreased $128 million in 2017 and $79 million in 2016, respectively, when compared with the respective prior year. the decrease in interest expense in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to lower weighted average debt balances as proceeds from the may 2017 kml ipo and our september 2016 sale of a 50% interest in sng were used to pay down debt, partially offset by a slightly higher overall weighted average interest rate on our outstanding debt. the decrease in interest expense in 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower weighted average debt balances, partially offset by a slightly higher overall weighted average interest rate on our outstanding debt.
we use interest rate swap agreements to convert a portion of the underlying cash flows related to our long-term fixed rate debt securities (senior notes) into variable rate debt in order to achieve our desired mix of fixed and variable rate debt. as of both december 31, 2017 and 2016, approximately 28% of our debt balances (excluding debt fair value adjustments) were subject to variable interest rates-either as short-term or long-term variable rate debt obligations or as fixed-rate debt converted to variable rates through the use of interest rate swaps. for more information on our interest rate swaps, see note 14 "risk management-interest rate risk management" to our consolidated financial statements.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, represents the allocation of our consolidated net income attributable to all outstanding ownership interests in our consolidated subsidiaries that are not held by us.  net income attributable to noncontrolling interests before certain items for 2017 as compared to 2016 increased $19 million (90%) due to the may 30, 2017 sale of approximately 30% of our canadian business operations to the public in the kml ipo. the portion of our canadian business operations net income attributable to the public is now reflected in "net income attributable to noncontrolling interests." net income attributable to noncontrolling interests before certain items for 2016 as compared to 2015 increased $3 million (17%).
our tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2017 is approximately $1,938 million, as compared with 2016 tax expense of $917 million.  the $1,021 million increase in tax expense is primarily due to (i) an increase in year-over-year earnings as a result of fewer asset impairments and project write-offs in 2017 and (ii) higher tax expense as a result of the 2017 tax reform. these increases are partially offset by (i) the 2016 impact of our regulated natural gas pipeline segment's $817 million non-tax-deductible goodwill as a result of the sale of a 50% interest in sng; and (ii) the recognition of enhanced oil recovery credits.
our tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 is approximately $917 million, as compared with 2015 tax expense of $564 million.  the $353 million increase in tax expense is primarily due to (i) an increase in our earnings as a result of lower impairments in 2016; (ii) the year over year increase in the deferred state tax expense as a result of our sale of a 50% interest in sng in 2016 and the hiland acquisition in 2015; and (iii) valuation allowances recorded in 2016 for foreign tax credits and capital loss carryforwards for which we do not expect to recognize any future tax benefits. these increases are partially offset by adjustments to our income tax reserve for uncertain tax positions.
liquidity and capital resources general as of december 31, 2017, we had $264 million of "cash and cash equivalents," a decrease of $420 million (61%) from december 31, 2016.  we believe our cash position, remaining borrowing capacity on our credit facility (discussed below in "-short-term liquidity"), and our cash flows from operating activities are adequate to allow us to manage our day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations as discussed further below.
we have consistently generated substantial cash flow from operations, providing a source of funds of $4,601 million and $4,795 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the year-to-year decrease is discussed below in "cash flows-operating activities." we have primarily relied on cash provided from operations to fund our operations as well as our debt service, sustaining capital expenditures, dividend payments, and during the last two years, our growth capital expenditures.
we expect kml to fund the tmep's capital expenditures and its other capital expenditures through (i) additional borrowings on kml's credit facility; (ii) the additional issuance of kml preferred shares; (iii) the issuance of additional kml restricted voting stock; (iv) the issuance of kml long-term notes payable; and (v) kml's retained cash flow from operations or a combination of the above. kml established a dividend policy on its restricted voting shares pursuant to which it will pay its quarterly dividend in an amount based on a portion of its dcf discussed below in "-noncontrolling interests-kml restricted voting share dividends."
on june 16, 2017, kml's indirect subsidiaries, kinder morgan cochin ulc and trans mountain pipeline ulc, entered into a definitive credit agreement establishing (i) a c$4.0 billion revolving construction facility for the purposes of funding the development, construction and completion of the tmep; (ii) a c$1.0 billion revolving contingent credit facility for the purpose of funding, if necessary, additional tmep costs (and, subject to the need to fund such additional costs and regulatory approval, meeting the canadian neb-mandated liquidity requirements); and (iii) a c$500 million revolving working capital facility, to be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes (collectively, the "kml credit facility"). on january 23, 2018, kml entered into an agreement amending certain terms of its credit facility to, among other things, provide additional funding certainty with respect to each tranche of its credit facility. the kml credit facility has a five-year term and is with a syndicate of financial institutions with royal bank of canada as the administrative agent. as of december 31, 2017, kml had no amounts outstanding under the kml credit facility and c$53 million (u.s.$42 million) in letters of credit. in addition,
generally, we expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations, short-term borrowings or by issuing new long-term debt to refinance certain of our maturing long-term debt obligations. we also expect that kmi's current common stock dividend level will allow us to use retained cash to fund our growth projects and the previously mentioned share repurchase program in 2018. moreover, as a result of kmi's current common stock dividend policy and by continuing to focus on allocating capital to high return opportunities, we do not expect the need to access the equity capital markets to fund our other growth projects for the foreseeable future.
credit ratings and capital market liquidity we believe that our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives. we expect that our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. generally, we anticipate re-financing maturing long term debt obligations in the debt capital markets and are therefore subject to certain market conditions which could result in higher costs or negatively affect our and/or our subsidiaries' credit ratings.
as of december 31, 2017, our short-term corporate debt ratings were a-3, prime-3 and f3 at standard and poor's, moody's investor services and fitch ratings, inc., respectively.
rating agency               senior debt rating   date of last change   outlook standard and poor's         bbb-                 november 20, 2014     stable moody's investor services   baa3                 november 21, 2014     stable fitch ratings, inc.         bbb-                 november 20, 2014     stable short-term liquidity as of december 31, 2017, our principal sources of short-term liquidity are (i) our $5.0 billion revolving credit facility and associated $4.0 billion commercial paper program; (ii) the kml credit facility (for the purposes described above); and (iii) cash from operations. the loan commitments under our revolving credit facility can be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes and as a backup to our commercial paper program. borrowings under our commercial paper program and letters of credit reduce borrowings allowed under ours and kml's respective credit facilities. we provide for liquidity by maintaining a sizable amount of excess borrowing capacity under our credit facility and, as previously discussed, we have consistently generated strong cash flows from operations.
as of december 31, 2017, our $2,828 million of short-term debt consisted primarily of (i) $125 million outstanding borrowings under the kmi $5.0 billion revolving credit facility; (ii) $240 million outstanding under our $4.0 billion commercial paper program; and (iii) $2,284 million of senior notes that mature in the next year. we intend to refinance our short-term debt through credit facility borrowings, commercial paper borrowings, or by issuing new long-term debt or paying down short-term debt using cash retained from operations. our short-term debt balance as of december 31, 2016 was $2,696 million.
we had working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) deficits of $3,466 million and $2,695 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. our current liabilities may include short-term borrowings used to finance our expansion capital expenditures, which we may periodically replace with long-term financing and/or pay down using retained cash from operations. the overall $771 million (29%) unfavorable change from year-end 2016 was primarily due to a decrease in cash and restricted deposits, and a net increase in our current portion of long-term debt and accounts payable. generally, our working capital balance varies due to factors such as the timing of scheduled debt payments, timing differences in the collection and payment of receivables and payables, the change in fair value of our derivative contracts, and changes in our cash and cash equivalent balances as a result of excess cash from operations after payments for investing and financing activities (discussed below in "-long-term financing" and "- capital expenditures").
we employ a centralized cash management program for our u.s.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing. these programs provide that funds in excess of the daily needs of our wholly owned subsidiaries are concentrated,
consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within the consolidated group. we place no material restrictions on the ability to move cash between entities, payment of intercompany balances or the ability to upstream dividends to kmi other than restrictions that may be contained in agreements governing the indebtedness of those entities.
certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries are subject to ferc-enacted reporting requirements for oil and natural gas pipeline companies that participate in cash management programs. ferc-regulated entities subject to these rules must, among other things, place their cash management agreements in writing, maintain current copies of the documents authorizing and supporting their cash management agreements, and file documentation establishing the cash management program with the ferc.
long-term financing our equity consists of class p common stock and mandatory convertible preferred stock each with a par value of $0.01 per share. we have in place an equity distribution agreement which allows us to issue and sell through or to our sales agents and/or principals shares of our class p common stock. however, with the exception of the issuance of kml preferred equity and/or common equity to partially finance the tmep or other kml capital expenditures, we do not expect the need to access the equity capital markets to fund our growth projects for the foreseeable future. furthermore, we began repurchasing shares of our class p common stock under a $2 billion share buy-back program in december 2017 that we intend to fund through retained cash. for more information on our equity buy-back program and our equity distribution agreement, see note 11 "stockholders' equity" to our consolidated financial statements.
from time to time, we issue long-term debt securities, often referred to as senior notes.  all of our senior notes issued to date, other than those issued by certain of our subsidiaries, generally have very similar terms, except for interest rates, maturity dates and prepayment premiums. all of our fixed rate senior notes provide that the notes may be redeemed at any time at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued interest to the redemption date, and, in most cases, plus a make-whole premium.  in addition, from time to time our subsidiaries, have issued long-term debt securities. furthermore, we and almost all of our direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries are parties to a cross guaranty wherein we each guarantee the debt of each other. see note 19 "guarantee of securities of subsidiaries" to our consolidated financial statements. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of our various long-term debt obligations (excluding current maturities) was $34,088 million and $36,205 million, respectively. for more information regarding our debt-related transactions in 2017, see note 9 "debt" to our consolidated financial statements.
we achieve our variable rate exposure primarily by issuing long-term fixed rate debt and then swapping the fixed rate interest payments for variable rate interest payments and through the issuance of commercial paper or credit facility borrowings.
for additional information about our debt-related transactions in 2017, see note 9 "debt" to our consolidated financial statements.  for information about our interest rate risk, see item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-interest rate risk."
capital expenditures we account for our capital expenditures in accordance with gaap. we also distinguish between capital expenditures that are maintenance/sustaining capital expenditures and those that are expansion capital expenditures (which we also refer to as discretionary capital expenditures). expansion capital expenditures are those expenditures which increase throughput or capacity from that which existed immediately prior to the addition or improvement, and are not deducted in calculating dcf (see "results of operations-dcf"). with respect to our oil and gas producing activities, we classify a capital expenditure as an expansion capital expenditure if it is expected to increase capacity or throughput (i.e. production capacity) from the capacity or throughput immediately prior to the making or acquisition of such additions or improvements. maintenance capital expenditures are those which maintain throughput or capacity. the distinction between maintenance and expansion capital expenditures is a physical determination rather than an economic one, irrespective of the amount by which the throughput or capacity is increased.
budgeting of maintenance capital expenditures is done annually on a bottom-up basis. for each of our assets, we budget for and make those maintenance capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain safe and efficient operations, meet customer needs and comply with our operating policies and applicable law. we may budget for and make additional maintenance capital expenditures that we expect to produce economic benefits such as increasing efficiency and/or lowering future expenses. budgeting and approval of expansion capital expenditures are generally made periodically throughout the year on a project-by-project basis in response to specific investment opportunities identified by our business segments from which we generally
expect to receive sufficient returns to justify the expenditures. generally, the determination of whether a capital expenditure is classified as maintenance/sustaining or as expansion capital expenditures is made on a project level. the classification of our capital expenditures as expansion capital expenditures or as maintenance capital expenditures is made consistent with our accounting policies and is generally a straightforward process, but in certain circumstances can be a matter of management judgment and discretion. the classification has an impact on dcf because capital expenditures that are classified as expansion capital expenditures are not deducted from dcf, while those classified as maintenance capital expenditures are. see "-common dividends" and "-preferred dividends."
our capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2017, and the amount we expect to spend for 2018 to sustain and grow our business are as follows (in millions):
sustaining capital expenditures(a)(c)                    $588              $664
kmi discretionary capital investments(b)(c)(d)(e)      $2,982            $2,215
kml discretionary capital investments post-ipo(c)        $384            $1,500
(a)   2017 and expected 2018 amounts include $107 million and $112 million, respectively, for our share of (i) certain equity investee's, (ii) kml's, and (ii) consolidating subsidiaries' sustaining capital expenditures.
(b)   2017 is net of $216 million of contributions from certain partners for capital investments at non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries offset by $629 million of our contributions to certain unconsolidated joint ventures for capital investments.
(c)   2017 includes $246 million of net changes from accrued capital expenditures, contractor retainage, and other.
(d)   2017 includes $107 million of capital expenditures spent on canadian projects prior to kml's may 25, 2017 ipo and excludes kml capital expenditures thereafter as it has the capacity to draw on its construction credit facility to fund its capital expenditures.
(e)   expected 2018 amount includes our estimated contributions to certain unconsolidated joint ventures, net of contributions estimated from certain partners in non-wholly owned consolidated subsidiaries for capital investments.
off balance sheet arrangements we have invested in entities that are not consolidated in our financial statements. for information on our obligations with respect to these investments, as well as our obligations with respect to related letters of credit, see note 13 "commitments and contingent liabilities" to our consolidated financial statements. additional information regarding the nature and business purpose of our investments is included in note 7 "investments" to our consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments payments due by period total             less than 1year             2-3 years             4-5 years           more than 5 years
other commercial commitments:
standby letters of credit(g)                            $224                    $125                     $99                    $-                        $-
capital expenditures(h)                                 $845                    $845                      $-                    $-                        $-
(a)   less than 1 year amount primarily includes $2,717 million of current maturities on senior notes and $111 million associated with our trust i preferred securities that are classified as current obligations because these securities have rights to convert into cash and/or kmi common stock. see note 9 "debt" to our consolidated financial statements.
(c)   represents commitments pursuant to the terms of operating lease agreements and liabilities for rights-of-way.
(d)   represents the amount by which the benefit obligations exceeded the fair value of plan assets at year-end for pension and other postretirement benefit plans whose accumulated postretirement benefit obligations exceeded the fair value of plan assets. the payments by period include expected contributions to funded plans in 2018 and estimated benefit payments for unfunded plans in all years.
(e)   primarily represents transportation agreements of $425 million, volume agreements of $377 million and storage agreements for capacity on third party and an affiliate pipeline systems of $203 million.
(f)   primarily includes environmental liabilities related to sites that we own or have a contractual or legal obligation with a regulatory agency or property owner upon which we will perform remediation activities. these liabilities are included within "accrued contingencies" and "other long-term liabilities and deferred credits" in our consolidated balance sheets.
(g)   the $224 million in letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2017 consisted of the following (i) $47 million under eleven letters of credit for insurance purposes; (ii) a $42 million letter of credit supporting our pipeline and terminal operations in canada; (iii) letters of credit totaling $46 million supporting our international marine terminals partnership plaquemines, louisiana port, harbor, and terminal revenue bonds; (iv) a $25 million letter of credit supporting our kinder morgan liquids terminals llc new jersey economic development revenue bonds; (v) a $24 million letter of credit supporting our kinder morgan operating l.p. "b" tax-exempt bonds; (vi) a $9 million letter of credit supporting nassau county, florida ocean highway and port authority tax-exempt bonds; and (vii) a combined $31 million in twenty-four letters of credit supporting environmental and other obligations of us and our subsidiaries.
(h)   represents commitments for the purchase of plant, property and equipment as of december 31, 2017.
cash flows operating activities the net decrease of $194 million (4%) in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   a $348 million decrease in operating cash flow resulting from the combined effects of adjusting the $498 million decrease in net income for the period-to-period net increase in non-cash items primarily consisting of the following: (i) net losses on impairments and divestitures of assets and equity investments (see discussion above in "-results of operations"); (ii) change in fair market value of derivative contracts; (iii) dd&amp;a expense (including amortization of excess cost of equity investments); (iv) deferred income taxes, which includes a $1,162 million adjustment associated with the 2017 tax reform; (v) earnings from equity investments; and (vi) loss (gain) on early extinguishment of debt; and
   a $154 million increase in cash associated with net changes in working capital items and other non-current assets and liabilities. the increase was driven, among other things, primarily by a $144 million income tax refund received in 2017.
investing activities the $1,657 million net increase in cash used in investing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   a $1,401 million increase in cash used due to proceeds received in the 2016 period from the sale of a 50% equity interest in sng;
   a $306 million increase in capital expenditures primarily due to higher expenditures related to natural gas, co2 and trans mountain expansion projects, offset in part by lower expenditures in the terminals segment;
   a $276 million increase in cash used for contributions to equity investments primarily due to the contributions we made in 2017 to utopia holding llc, fep and sng; and
   a $329 million decrease in expenditures for acquisitions of assets and investments, primarily driven by the $324 million portion of the purchase price we paid in the 2016 period for the bp terminals acquisition;
   a $143 million increase in cash for distributions received from equity investments in excess of cumulative earnings, primarily driven by the higher distributions from mep, sng and ruby; and
   a $66 million increase in other, net primarily due to favorable changes in restricted deposits associated with our hedging activities, offset partially by increases in loans with an equity investee.
financing activities the net decrease of $956 million in cash used by financing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to:
   a $1,560 million increase in cash due to contributions from noncontrolling interests, primarily reflecting $1,245 million in net proceeds received from the may 2017 kml ipo and $420 million net proceeds received from the kml preferred share issuances in 2017, compared to the 2016 period which includes $84 million of contributions received from bp for its 25% share of a newly formed joint venture; and
   a $485 million increase in cash resulting from contributions received in the 2017 period from eig, consisting of $386 million for the sale of a 49% partnership interest in elc and $99 million as additional contributions for 2017 capital expenditures; partially offset by
   an $816 million net increase in cash used related to debt activities as a result of higher net debt payments in the 2017 period compared to the 2016 period. see note 9 "debt" to our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt activity; and
as previously announced, as a result of substantial balance sheet improvement achieved since the end of 2015, we have taken multiple steps to return significant value to our shareholders. first, we expect to declare an annual dividend of $0.80 per common share for 2018, a 60% increase from the 2017 dividend per common share. the first 2018 increase is expected to be the dividend declared for the first quarter of 2018. additionally, we plan to increase our dividend to $1.00 per common share in 2019 and $1.25 per common share in 2020, a growth rate of 25% annually.
the actual amount of common dividends to be paid on our capital stock will depend on many factors, including our financial condition and results of operations, liquidity requirements, business prospects, capital requirements, legal, regulatory and contractual constraints, tax laws, delaware laws and other factors. see item 1a. "risk factors-the guidance we provide for our anticipated dividends is based on estimates. circumstances may arise that lead to conflicts between using funds to pay anticipated dividends or to invest in our business." all of these matters will be taken into consideration by our board of directors in declaring dividends.
our common stock dividends are not cumulative. consequently, if dividends on our common stock are not paid at the intended levels, our common stockholders are not entitled to receive those payments in the future. our common stock dividends generally will be paid on or about the 15th day of each february, may, august and november.
kmi preferred stock dividends dividends on our mandatory convertible preferred stock are payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our board of directors (or an authorized committee thereof) at an annual rate of 9.750% of the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share on january 26, april 26, july 26 and october 26 of each year, commencing on january 26, 2016 to, and including, october 26, 2018. we may pay dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock. the terms of the mandatory convertible preferred stock provide that, unless full cumulative dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding mandatory convertible preferred stock for all prior dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on common stock.
the cash dividend of $24.375 per share of our mandatory convertible preferred stock is equivalent to $1.21875 per depository share.
noncontrolling interests contributions kml restricted voting shares as discussed in note 3 "acquisitions and divestitures" to our consolidated financial statements, on may 30, 2017 our indirect subsidiary, kml, issued 102,942,000 restricted voting shares in a public offering. the public ownership of the kml restricted voting shares represents an approximate 30% interest in the voting shares of our canadian operations and is reflected within "noncontrolling interests" in our consolidated financial statements as of and for the periods presented after may 30, 2017.
kml preferred share offerings on august 15, 2017, kml completed an offering of 12,000,000 cumulative redeemable minimum rate reset preferred shares, series 1 (series 1 preferred shares) on the toronto stock exchange at a price to the public of c$25.00 per series 1 preferred share for total gross proceeds of c$300 million (u.s.$235 million). on december 15, 2017, kml completed an offering of 10,000,000 cumulative redeemable minimum rate reset preferred shares, series 3 (series 3 preferred shares) on the toronto stock exchange at a price to the public of c$25.00 per series 3 preferred share for total gross proceeds of c$250 million (u.s.$195 million). the net proceeds from the series 1 and series 3 preferred share offerings of c$293 million (u.s.$230 million) and c$243 million (u.s.$189 million), respectively, were used by kml to indirectly subscribe for preferred units in kinder morgan canada limited partnership (kmc lp), which in turn were used by kmc lp to repay kml credit facility indebtedness recently incurred to, directly or indirectly, finance the development, construction and completion of the tmep and base line terminal project, and for general corporate purposes.
kml distributions kml established a dividend policy pursuant to which it may pay a quarterly dividend on its restricted voting shares in an amount based on a portion of its dcf. the payment of dividends is not guaranteed and the amount and timing of any dividends payable will be at the discretion of kml's board of directors. the actual amount of cash dividends paid to kml's shareholders, if any, will depend on numerous factors including: (i) kml's results of operations; (ii) kml's financial requirements, including the funding of its current and future growth projects; (iii) the amount of distributions paid indirectly by kmc lp to kml through kinder morgan canada gp inc. (kmc gp), including any contributions from the completion of its growth projects; (iv) the satisfaction by kml and kmc gp of certain liquidity and solvency tests; (v) any agreements relating to kml's indebtedness or the limited partnership; and (vi) the cost and timely completion of current and future growth projects. kml intends to pay quarterly dividends, if any, on or about the 45th day (or next business day) following the end of each calendar quarter to holders of its restricted voting shares of record as of the close of business on or about the last business day of the month following the end of each calendar quarter.
kml also established a dividend reinvestment plan (drip) which allows holders (excluding holders not resident in canada) of restricted voting shares to elect to have any or all cash dividends payable to such shareholder automatically reinvested in additional restricted voting shares at a price per share calculated by reference to the volume-weighted average of the closing price of the restricted voting shares on the stock exchange on which the restricted voting shares are then listed for the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant dividend payment date, less a discount of between 0% and 5% (as determined from time to time by kml's board of directors, in its sole discretion).
for 2018, kml announced that it expects to pay an annual dividend of c$0.65 per restricted voting share.
dividends on the series 1 preferred shares are fixed, cumulative, preferential and c$1.3125 per share annually, payable quarterly on the 15th day of february, may, august and november, as and when declared by the kml's board of directors, for the initial fixed rate period to but excluding november 15, 2022.
dividends on the series 3 preferred shares are fixed, cumulative, preferential and c$1.3000 per share annually, payable quarterly on the 15th day of february, may, august and november, as and when declared by the kml's board of directors, for the initial fixed rate period to but excluding february 15, 2023.
on january 17, 2018, kml's board of directors declared a cash dividend of c$0.328125 per share of its series 1 preferred shares for the period from and including november 15, 2017 through and including february 14, 2018, which is payable on february 15, 2018 to series 1 preferred shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 31, 2018.
on january 17, 2018, kml's board of directors declared a cash dividend of c$0.22082 per share of its series 3 preferred shares for the period from and including december 15, 2017 through and including february 14, 2018, which is payable on february 15, 2018 to series 3 preferred shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 31, 2018.