item 1a. risk factors risks related to the material weaknesses we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and stock price we have identified material weaknesses in metlife, inc.'s internal control over financial reporting related to the administrative and accounting practices of certain retirement and income solutions ("ris") group annuity reserves, the untimely communication and escalation of issues regarding those reserves throughout the company, and controls over the calculation of reserves relating to variable annuity guarantees assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan and included within metlife holdings. based on the material weaknesses, our management has determined that metlife, inc. has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017, and our independent registered public accounting firm, deloitte and touche llp, has expressed an adverse opinion on metlife inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2017. see "controls and procedures" for a discussion of metlife inc.'s internal control over financial reporting and the material weaknesses.
the material weaknesses, or a failure to promptly remediate them, may adversely affect our business, our reputation, our results of operations and the market price of our common stock. if we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses in a timely manner, our investors, regulators, customers and other business partners may lose confidence in our business or our financial reports, and our access to capital markets may be adversely affected. in addition, our ability to record, process, and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and regulations of the sec and other regulatory authorities, could be adversely affected, which may result in violations of applicable securities laws, state insurance laws and regulations, stock exchange listing requirements and the covenants under our debt agreements. we are also exposed to lawsuits and investigations, and we could be exposed to additional legal actions. in such actions, a governmental authority may interpret a law, regulation or accounting principle differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional risks. legal actions against us may result in payments including damages, fines, penalties, interest and other amounts assessed or awarded by courts or regulatory authorities under applicable escheat, tax, securities, erisa, or other laws and regulations. we could incur significant costs in connection with these actions. we have not accrued for any such liabilities.
the control deficiencies resulting in the material weaknesses, in the aggregate, if not effectively remediated could also result in misstatements of accounts or disclosures related to liabilities for certain ris group annuity contracts or certain assumed variable annuity guarantees that would result in a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.
we have informed the new york state department of financial services (the "nydfs") about our practices in connection with the payment of pension benefits to annuitants and related matters, and the nydfs is examining the issue. the sec staff is also investigating this matter, and several additional regulators have made inquiries into these practices, including as to related disclosures. similarly, the sec staff is investigating the matter relating to our calculation of certain reserves associated with variable annuity guarantees assumed from the former operating joint venture in japan. we have also informed other regulators of this matter. we are fully cooperating with each. it is possible that other jurisdictions may pursue similar investigations or inquiries. see "controls and procedures."
in addition, we cannot be certain that we will not identify additional control deficiencies or material weaknesses in the future. if we identify future control deficiencies or material weaknesses, these may lead to additional adverse effects on our business, our reputation, our results of operations, and the market price of our common stock.
economic environment and capital markets-related risks difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in financial asset classes or various markets, including global capital markets, can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities are sensitive to changing market factors. global market factors, including interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, derivative prices and availability, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and deflation and inflation, all affect our financial condition, as well as the volume, profitability and results of our business operations and our ability to receive dividends from our insurance subsidiaries and meet our obligations at metlife, inc., either directly or by virtue of their impact on the business and economic environment generally and on general levels of economic activity, employment and customer behavior specifically. disruptions in one market or asset class can also spread to other markets or asset classes. upheavals in the financial markets can also affect our financial condition (including our liquidity and capital levels) as a result of mismatched impacts on the value of our assets and our liabilities. while our diversified business mix and geographically diverse business operations partially mitigate these risks, correlation across regions, countries and global market factors may reduce the benefits of diversification.
at times throughout the past several years, volatile conditions have characterized financial markets, including in recent months. significant market volatility, and government actions taken in response, may exacerbate some of the risks we face. concerns about political, security and/or economic conditions in the u.k., mexico and south korea have recently contributed to global market volatility. this market volatility has affected the performance of various asset classes at various times, and it could continue. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - current environment." events following the u.k.'s referendum on june 23, 2016 and the uncertainties, including foreign currency exchange risks, associated with its withdrawal from the eu, have contributed to market volatility, both in the united states and beyond. such events and uncertainties could contribute to weakening gross domestic product ("gdp") growth, primarily in the u.k. and europe. the magnitude and longevity of the potential negative economic impacts would depend on the detailed agreements reached by the u.k. and eu as a result of the exit negotiations and negotiations regarding trade and other arrangements. in addition, the impact on global capital markets, the economy and metlife of the transition occurring in the united states government and the priorities of the trump administration remains uncertain. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - financial and economic environment." any of these factors could have significant adverse effects on the economy and financial markets generally.
to the extent these uncertain financial market conditions persist, our revenues, reserves and net investment income, as well as the demand for certain of our products, are likely to remain under pressure. similarly, sustained periods of low interest rates and risk asset returns could reduce income from our investment portfolio, increase our liabilities for claims and future benefits, and increase the cost of risk transfer measures such as hedging, causing our profit margins to erode as a result of reduced income from our investment portfolio and increase in insurance liabilities. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment." also, in the event of extreme prolonged market events, such as the global credit crisis, we could incur significant capital and/or operating losses due to, among other reasons, losses incurred in our general account and as a result of the impact on us of guarantees, including increases in liabilities, capital maintenance obligations and/or collateral requirements associated with our affiliated reinsurers and other similar arrangements. even in the absence of a market downturn, we are exposed to substantial risk of loss due to sustained periods of low market returns, low levels of u.s. interest rates, and/or heightened market volatility, which may also increase the cost and limit the availability of the hedging instruments and other protective measures we take to mitigate such risk, or increase the cost of our insurance liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the statutory capital and earnings of our insurance subsidiaries, as well as impair our financial strength ratings.
following the separation, we continue to hold a block of variable insurance products and certain other products issued through separate accounts. the account values of these products decrease as a result of declining equity markets. lower interest rates generally increase account values in the near term, but may result in lower returns in fixed income vehicles in the future. decreases in account values reduce certain fees generated by these products, cause the amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs ("dac") to accelerate, may increase the level of insurance liabilities we must carry to support such products issued with any associated guarantees and could require us to provide additional funding to our captive reinsurers.
in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for our financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. group insurance, in particular, is affected by higher unemployment rates. in addition, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims, adverse utilization of benefits relative to our best estimate expectations and lapses or surrenders of policies. furthermore, our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. such adverse changes in the economy could negatively affect our earnings and capitalization and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may continue to raise the possibility of legislative, judicial, regulatory and other governmental actions. the trump administration has released a memorandum that generally delayed all pending regulations from publication in the federal register pending their review and approval by a department or agency head appointed or designated by president trump. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - federal initiatives." in addition, the trump administration is currently renegotiating certain international trade agreements with other countries, including the north american free trade agreement ("nafta") with canada and mexico. we cannot predict with certainty what other proposals may be made or what legislation or regulations may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any such legislation or regulations may have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth," and "- risks related to our business - competitive factors may adversely affect our market share and profitability" below.
adverse global capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, our access to capital and our cost of capital the global capital and credit markets may be subject to periods of extreme volatility. disruptions in capital markets could cause our liquidity and credit capacity to be limited.
we need liquidity to pay claims and other operating expenses, interest on our debt and dividends on our capital stock, provide our subsidiaries with cash or collateral, maintain our securities lending activities and replace certain maturing liabilities. without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to curtail our operations and limit our investments, and our business and financial results may suffer. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources."
in the event global capital market or other conditions have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity, or our stress-testing indicates that such conditions could have such an impact beyond expectations and our current resources do not satisfy our needs or regulatory requirements, we may have to seek additional financing. the availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as the then current market conditions, regulatory considerations, availability of credit to us and the financial services industry generally, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and the perception of our customers and lenders regarding our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large operating or investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all.
our liquidity requirements may change if, among other things, we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral on short notice under securities lending or derivatives agreements or we are required to post collateral or make payments related to declines in market value of specified counterparty credit risk. see "- investments-related risks - should the need arise, we may have difficulty selling certain holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner and realizing full value given their illiquid nature," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - securities lending" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity."
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access to capital needed to operate our business, most significantly in our insurance operations. such market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory capital requirements, and access the capital necessary to grow our business. see "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth." as a result, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of securities than we would have otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, issue shorter tenor securities than we prefer, or bear an unattractive cost of capital, which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility. our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially adversely affected by disruptions in the financial markets.
we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause our net investment income to vary from period to period we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks, including changes in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, real estate markets, foreign currency exchange rates, market volatility, global economic performance in general, the performance of specific obligors, including governments, included in our investment portfolio, derivatives and other factors outside our control. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - financial and economic environment" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - current environment."
interest rate risk some of our products, principally traditional life, universal life, fixed annuities and guaranteed interest contracts, as well as funding agreements and structured settlements, expose us to the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce our investment margin or "spread," or the difference between the amounts that we are required to pay under the contracts in our general account and the rate of return we earn on general account investments intended to support obligations under such contracts. our spread is a key component of our net income.
in a low interest rate environment, we may be forced to reinvest proceeds from investments that have matured or have been prepaid or sold at lower yields, which will reduce our investment margin. moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities and commercial, agricultural or residential mortgage loans in our investment portfolio with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates, thereby exacerbating this risk. although lowering interest crediting rates can help offset decreases in spreads on some products, our ability to lower these rates is limited to the portion of our in-force product portfolio that has adjustable interest crediting rates, and could be limited by competition or contractually guaranteed minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. as a result, our spread could decrease or potentially become negative, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. see "- risks related to our business - guarantees within certain of our products may decrease our earnings, increase the volatility of our results, result in higher risk management costs and expose us to increased counterparty risk."
our expectation for future spreads is an important component in the amortization of dac and value of business acquired ("voba"). significantly lower spreads may cause us to accelerate amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period and potentially negatively affecting our credit instrument covenants or rating agency assessment of our financial condition. in addition, during periods of declining interest rates, life insurance and annuity products may be relatively more attractive investments to consumers. this could result in increased premium payments on products with flexible premium features, repayment of policy loans and increased persistency, or a higher percentage of insurance policies remaining in-force from year to year, during a period when our new investments carry lower returns. a decline in market interest rates could also reduce our return on investments that do not support particular policy obligations. during periods of sustained lower interest rates, our reserves for policy liabilities may not be sufficient to meet future policy obligations and may need to be strengthened. accordingly, declining and sustained lower interest rates may materially affect our results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and ability to take dividends from operating insurance companies, as well as significantly reduce our profitability. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment."
as a global insurance company, we are also affected by the monetary policies of the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the "federal reserve board") and of central banks around the world. actions resulting from these policies may have an impact on the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments, and may adversely impact the income we earn on our investments or the level of product sales. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - current environment."
increases in interest rates could also negatively affect our profitability. in periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, we may not be able to replace, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with higher yielding investments needed to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep interest rate sensitive products competitive. we, therefore, may have to accept a lower spread and, thus, lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. in addition, policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals may tend to increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates rise. this process may result in cash outflows requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. unanticipated withdrawals, terminations and substantial policy amendments may cause us to accelerate the amortization of dac and voba, which reduces net income and potentially negatively affects our credit instrument covenants and rating agency assessment of our financial condition, and may also cause us to accelerate the amortization of negative voba, which increases net income. an increase in interest rates could also have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that comprise a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. additionally, an increase in interest rates could increase our daily settlement payments on interest rate futures and cleared swaps, which may result in increased cash outflows and increase our liquidity needs. finally, an increase in interest rates could result in decreased fee income associated with a decline in the value of variable annuity account balances invested in fixed income funds. however, this increase in interest rates would typically cause any guaranteed living benefits to decline in value. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment."
we manage interest rate risk as part of our asset and liability management strategies, which include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that reflects the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile. we also use derivatives to mitigate interest rate risk. although we take measures to manage the economic risks of investing in a changing interest rate environment, we may not be able to mitigate the interest rate risk of our fixed income investments relative to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. in addition, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting may cause material changes to our net income and stockholders' equity in any given period because our non-qualified derivatives are recorded at fair value through earnings, while the related hedged items either follow an accrual-based accounting model, such as insurance liabilities, or are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the primary reasons why many of the company's derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting, even though they may be effective economic hedges.
significant volatility in the markets could cause changes in the risks set forth above which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses, derivative losses, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves for future policyholder benefits, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions.
credit spreads our exposure to credit spreads primarily relates to market price volatility and cash flow variability associated with changes in such spreads. market price volatility can make it difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent, as was the case, for example, during the financial crisis which commenced in 2008. in such case, valuations may include assumptions or estimates that may have significant period-to-period changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition and may require additional reserves. if there is a resumption of significant volatility in the markets, it could cause changes in credit spreads and defaults and a lack of pricing transparency which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - investment risks." an increase in credit spreads relative to u.s. treasury benchmarks can also adversely affect the cost of our borrowing should we need to access credit markets.
equity risk our primary exposure to equity risk relates to the potential for lower earnings associated with certain of our businesses where fee income is earned based upon the estimated fair value of the assets under management. downturns and volatility in equity markets can have a material adverse effect on the revenues and investment returns from our savings and investment products and services. the retail variable annuity business in particular is highly sensitive to equity markets, and a sustained weakness or stagnation in the equity markets could decrease revenues and earnings with respect to those products. furthermore, certain of our variable annuity products offer guaranteed benefits which increase our potential benefit exposure should equity markets decline or stagnate. we use derivatives and reinsurance to mitigate the impact of such increased potential benefit exposures.
we are also exposed to interest rate and equity risk based upon the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return assumptions associated with our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. sustained declines in long-term interest rates or equity returns likely would have a negative effect on the funded status of these plans.
in addition, we invest a portion of our investments in leveraged buy-out funds, hedge funds and other private equity funds. the amount and timing of net investment income from such funds tends to be uneven as a result of the performance of the underlying investments. the timing of distributions from such funds, which depends on particular events relating to the underlying investments, as well as the funds' schedules for making distributions and their needs for cash, can be difficult to predict. as a result, the amount of net investment income from these investments can vary substantially from period to period. significant volatility could adversely impact returns and net investment income on these alternative investment classes. in addition, the estimated fair value of such investments or other equity securities we hold may be impacted by downturns or volatility in equity markets. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk." additionally, an increase in equity markets could increase settlement payments on equity futures, which may result in increased cash outflows and increase our liquidity needs.
real estate risk our primary exposure to real estate risk relates to commercial, agricultural and residential real estate. our exposure to these risks stems from various factors, including the supply and demand of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of tenants and partners, capital markets volatility, interest rate fluctuations, commodity prices and farm incomes. although we manage credit risk and market valuation risk for our commercial, agricultural and residential real estate assets through geographic, property type and product type diversification, as well as asset allocation, general economic conditions in the commercial, agricultural and residential real estate sectors will continue to influence the performance of these investments. these factors, which are beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows.
obligor-related risks country specific volatility due to local economic and/or political concerns may affect the performance of certain of our investments. we have exposure to such volatility, as we maintain general account investments in such countries to support our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities in these countries and we also have exposure through our global portfolio diversification. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - financial and economic environment" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - current environment - selected country investments."
our investment portfolio also contains investments in revenue bonds issued under the auspices of u.s. states and municipalities, and a limited amount of general obligation bonds of u.s. states and municipalities (collectively, "state and political subdivision securities"). various u.s. states and municipalities have faced budget deficits and financial difficulties. the financial difficulties of such u.s. states and municipalities could have an adverse impact on our state and political subdivision securities and the value of our investment portfolio.
fixed income securities and mortgage loans represent a significant portion of our investment portfolio. we are subject to the risk that the issuers, or guarantors, of fixed income securities and mortgage loans we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us. we are also subject to the risk that the underlying collateral within asset-backed securities, including mortgage-backed securities, may default on principal and interest payments causing an adverse change in cash flows. the occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening mortgage or credit spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers, guarantors or underlying collateral of these securities and mortgage loans could cause the estimated fair value of our portfolio of fixed income securities and mortgage loans and our earnings to decline and the default rate of the fixed income securities and mortgage loans in our investment portfolio to increase.
foreign currency exchange rate risks our primary foreign currency exchange rate risks are described under "- risks related to our business - fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively affect our profitability." changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly affect our net investment income in any period, and such changes can be substantial. this risk will increase if a country withdraws from the euro zone. in such case, the national currency to which such a country may revert will likely be devalued and contracts using the euro will need to be renegotiated. any such devaluation and its related consequences for our contracts and investments in any such country could be significant and materially adversely affect our operations and earnings in that country. any operations we may have in any such withdrawing country could also be materially adversely affected by legal or governmental actions related to conversion from the euro to a national currency. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
derivatives risk we use the payments we receive from counterparties pursuant to derivative instruments into which we have entered to offset future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities and current or future changes in cash flows. we enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options, futures, forwards, and interest rate and credit default swaps with a number of counterparties. amounts that we expect to collect under current and future derivatives are subject to counterparty risk. our obligations under our products are not changed by our hedging activities and we are liable for our obligations even if our derivative counterparties do not pay us. such defaults could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. substantially all of our derivatives require us to pledge or receive collateral or make payments related to any decline in the net estimated fair value of such derivatives executed through a specific broker at a clearinghouse or entered into with a specific counterparty on a bilateral basis. in addition, ratings downgrades or financial difficulties of derivative counterparties may require us to utilize additional capital with respect to the impacted businesses. furthermore, the valuation of our derivatives could change based on changes to our valuation methodology or the discovery of errors.
federal banking regulators have recently adopted new rules that will apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements, with certain banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. these new rules, which will be applicable beginning in 2019, will generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to include contractual provisions in their qualified financial contracts that limit or delay certain rights of their counterparties including counterparties' default rights (such as the right to terminate the contracts or foreclose on collateral) and restrictions on assignments and transfers of credit enhancements (such as guarantees) arising in connection with the banking institution or an applicable affiliate becoming subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. to the extent that any of the derivatives, securities lending agreements or repurchase agreements that we enter into are subject to these new rules, it could increase our counterparty risk or limit our recovery in the event of a default.
summary significant volatility in the markets could cause changes in interest rates, declines in equity prices, and the strengthening or weakening of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar which, individually or in tandem, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity or cash flows through realized investment losses, derivative losses, changes in insurance liabilities, impairments, increased valuation allowances, increases in reserves for future policyholder benefits, reduced net investment income and changes in unrealized gain or loss positions.
regulatory and legal risks our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth our insurance operations and our pensions and brokerage businesses are subject to a wide variety of insurance and other laws and regulations. see "business - regulation," as supplemented by discussions of regulatory developments in our subsequently filed quarterly reports on form 10-q under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - regulatory developments."
u.s. regulation insurance regulation the naic is an organization whose mission is to assist state insurance regulatory authorities in serving the public interest and achieving the insurance regulatory goals of its members, the state insurance regulatory officials. state insurance regulators may act independently or adopt regulations proposed by the naic. state insurance regulators and the naic regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, can sometimes lead to additional expense for the insurer and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in 2015, the naic commenced an initiative to study variable annuity solvency regulations, with the goal of curtailing the use of variable annuity captives. in connection with this initiative, the naic engaged a third-party consultant to conduct two quantitative impact studies over a two-year period. the naic has exposed the consultant's recommendations for comment which, if adopted, likely would apply to insurers' existing and new business and likely would materially change the sensitivity of the balance sheet (including reserve and capital requirements) to capital markets. it is not possible to predict whether the amount of reserves or capital required to support our variable annuity contracts would increase or decrease if the naic adopts any new model laws, regulations and/or other standards applicable to variable annuity business after considering such recommendations, nor is it possible to predict the extent to which any such model laws, regulations and/or other standards would affect the effectiveness and design of our risk mitigation and hedging programs. furthermore, no assurances can be given as to whether any such model laws, regulations and/or other standards will be adopted or to the timing of any such adoption.
the naic is also studying rbc revisions for bonds, real estate, equity and collateral pledged to support fhlb advances, as well as longevity risk. it is premature to project the impact of any potential regulatory changes resulting from such studies. the naic is also studying rbc revisions for operational risk.
the naic has modernized the calculation of life insurance reserves through the introduction of principle-based reserving, which became operative on january 1, 2017 in those states where it has been adopted, with a three-year phase-in period, at the option of insurance companies on a product-by-product basis, for new business. to date, principle-based reserving has been adopted by all of the states where our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, except in new york where the nydfs has publicly stated its intention to implement this approach, subject to a working group of the nydfs establishing the necessary reserves safeguards and the adoption of enabling legislation by the new york legislature, which is currently pending. we cannot predict how principle-based reserving will impact the reserves or compliance costs, if any, of our insurance subsidiaries. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - naic."
the naic has been considering development of the group capital calculation assessment tool, a methodology for the calculation of capital for all the entities in an insurance holding company group, including non-u.s. entities. the goal is to provide u.s. regulators with a method to aggregate the available capital and the minimum capital of each entity in a group in a way that applies to all groups regardless of their structure. the naic has stated that the calculation will be a regulatory tool and will not constitute a requirement or standard. nonetheless, any new group capital calculation methodology may incorporate existing risk-based capital concepts. it is not possible to predict what impact any such regulatory tool may have on our business. in august of 2017, the naic released a paper on macro-prudential initiatives, in which it proposed potential enhancements in supervisory practices related to liquidity, recovery and resolution, capital stress testing and counterparty exposure concentrations. we expect the naic to develop these proposals during 2018. we cannot predict the capital and reserve impacts or compliance costs, if any, that may result from the above initiatives, or what impact these initiatives will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, following the reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate pursuant to u.s. tax reform, the naic may revise the methodology or factors used to calculate rbc, which is the denominator of the rbc ratio. if such potential revisions to the naic's rbc calculation would result in a reduction in the rbc ratio for one or more of our insurance subsidiaries below certain prescribed levels, we may be required to hold additional capital in such subsidiary or subsidiaries. although we do not expect that such potential revisions would impact our current dividend or capital plans, any increase in the amount of capital our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold could reduce the amount of dividends such subsidiaries are able to distribute to metlife, inc. any reduction in the rbc ratios of our insurance subsidiaries could adversely affect their financial strength ratings. for more information regarding u.s. tax reform, see "- u.s. tax reform could have an impact on us" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary - overview - u.s. tax reform."
u.s. federal regulation affecting insurance currently, the business of insurance is primarily regulated at the state level. however, dodd-frank established the fio within the department of the treasury, which has the authority to participate in the negotiations of international insurance agreements with foreign regulators for the u.s., as well as to collect information about the insurance industry and recommend prudential standards. on december 12, 2013, the fio issued a report, mandated by dodd-frank, which, among other things, urged the states to modernize and promote greater uniformity in insurance regulation. the report raised the possibility of a greater role for the federal government if states do not achieve greater uniformity in their laws and regulations. we cannot predict with certainty whether any such legislation or regulatory changes will be adopted, or what impact they will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. dodd-frank also created the fsoc, which has the authority to designate certain financial companies as non-bank sifis subject to federal reserve supervision. on january 23, 2018, the united states district court of appeals for the district of columbia dismissed the fsoc's appeal of the d.c. circuit court's march 30, 2016 decision that rescinded the fsoc's designation of metlife, inc. as a non-bank sifi. there can be no assurance that the fsoc will not seek to again designate metlife, inc. as a non-bank sifi subject to regulation that could materially and adversely affect our business and competitive position, such as rbc requirements and leverage limits, liquidity requirements, overall risk management requirements, resolution plan and credit exposure requirements, concentration limits, and other requirements. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - federal initiatives."
federal legislation and administrative policies can significantly and adversely affect insurance companies, including policies regarding financial services regulation, securities regulation, derivatives regulation, pension regulation, health care regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation. in addition, various forms of direct and indirect federal regulation of insurance have been proposed from time to time, including proposals for the establishment of an optional federal charter for insurance companies.
erisa and fiduciary considerations we provide products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to erisa and the code. as such, our activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by erisa and the code, including the requirement under erisa that fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in the interests of erisa plan participants and beneficiaries, and those fiduciaries may not cause a covered plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions. the prohibited transaction rules of erisa and the code generally restrict the provision of investment advice to erisa plans and participants and iras if the investment recommendation results in fees paid to the individual advisor, the firm that employs the advisor or their affiliates that vary according to the investment recommendation chosen, unless an exemption or exception is available. similarly, without an exemption or exception, fiduciary advisors are prohibited from receiving compensation from third parties in connection with their advice. erisa also affects certain of our in-force insurance policies and annuity contracts, as well as insurance policies and annuity contracts we may sell in the future.
the dol issued new regulations, which became for the most part applicable on june 9, 2017, that substantially expanded the definition of "investment advice" and require that an impartial or "best interests" standard be met in providing such advice, thereby broadening the circumstances under which metlife or its representatives, in providing investment advice with respect to erisa plans, plan participants or iras, could be deemed a fiduciary under erisa or the code. pursuant to the final regulations, certain communications with plans, plan participants and ira holders, including the sales of products, and investment management or advisory services, could be deemed fiduciary investment advice, thus causing increased exposure to fiduciary liability if the distributor does not recommend what is in the client's best interests. while the final regulations also provide that, to a limited extent, contracts sold and advice provided prior to the applicable date do not have to be modified to comply with the new investment advice regulations, there is lack of clarity surrounding some of the conditions for qualifying for this limited exception. there can be no assurance that the dol will agree with our interpretation of the provisions of the new regulations, in which case the dol and irs could assess significant penalties against a portion of products sold prior to the applicable date. the assessment of such penalties could also trigger substantial litigation risk. any such penalties and related litigation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the dol also issued amendments to certain of its prohibited transaction exemptions, and issued a new exemption that applies more onerous disclosure and contract requirements to, and increases fiduciary requirements and fiduciary liability exposure in respect of, certain transactions involving erisa plans, plan participants and iras. on november 27, 2017, the changes the rule made to existing prohibited transaction exemptions and contract and disclosure requirements of the new exemption (other than the impartial interest standard) were delayed until july 1, 2019, in order to give the dol the time necessary to consider public comments made in july and september 2017, as well as a february 2017 directive from the president to analyze the rule's impact to access to retirement information and financial advice. the rule is also being challenged in the fifth circuit court of appeals (and elsewhere), where a decision is expected during the first quarter of 2018.
concurrent with the rule delay, on november 24, 2017 the naic issued an exposure draft of an expanded suitability in annuity transactions model regulation, intended to result in the adoption of a "best interest" standard on a nationwide basis. we are working with industry trade groups to provide comments to this draft. in addition, on december 27, 2017 the nydfs proposed revisions to insurance regulation 187, which not only incorporate the "best interest" standard, but also would expand the scope of the regulations to include sales of life insurance policies and annuities to consumers. the nydfs proposed revisions to regulation 187 are open for public comment until february 25, 2018. these developments leave open the possibility of further modifications to the federal rule. in addition, insurance regulation 187 may result in additional requirements on insurers and agents concerning both new and in-force annuity and life insurance products. we cannot predict what other proposals may be made, what legislation or regulations may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any such legislation or regulations may have on our business, product sales, results of operations and financial condition.
while we continue to analyze the impact of the final regulations on our business, we believe they could have an adverse effect in their present form on sales of annuity products to erisa qualified plans through our independent distribution partners. under the new regulations, advisors (including independent distributors) who sell fixed index-linked annuities to iras, ira rollovers or 401(k) plans are deemed to be fiduciaries and are prohibited from receiving compensation unless they comply with a prohibited transaction exemption. the exemption requires advisors to comply with impartial conduct standards and may require us to exercise additional oversight of the sales process. compliance with the prohibited transaction exemption will likely result in increased regulatory burdens on us and our independent distribution partners, changes to our compensation practices and product offerings and increased litigation risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - erisa and fiduciary considerations."
there remains uncertainty over whether the regulations will be substantially modified or repealed. application of a portion of the rules on june 9, 2017 and an additional 18-month delay on the remaining components, in light of the overall reconsideration of the rules requested by president trump, could create confusion among our distribution partners which could negatively impact product sales. we cannot predict what other proposals may be made, what legislation may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any such legislation may have on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
international regulation our international insurance operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are located or operate. a significant portion of our revenues is generated through operations in foreign jurisdictions, including many countries in early stages of economic and political development. our international operations may be materially adversely affected by the actions and decisions of foreign authorities and regulators. see "- risks related to our business - our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability." this may also impact many of our customers and independent sales intermediaries. changes in the laws and regulations that affect these customers and independent sales intermediaries or their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or distribute our products, as well as our product design. accordingly, these changes and actions may negatively affect our business in these jurisdictions. we expect the scope and extent of regulation outside of the u.s., as well as regulatory oversight, generally, to continue to increase. the authority of our international operations to conduct business is subject to licensing requirements, permits and approvals, and these authorizations are subject to modification and revocation. the regulatory environment in the countries in which we operate and changes in laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. see "business - regulation - international regulation."
solvency regimes certain of our businesses are subject to solvency ii, which became effective on january 1, 2016 in the eea and covers the capital adequacy, risk management and regulatory reporting for issuers and reinsurers, and are subject to solvency ii-like frameworks in mexico and china, with other similar solvency standards under development in other markets such as brazil and chile. see "business - regulation - international regulation - solvency regimes." as requirements are finalized by the regulators, capital requirements might be impacted in a number of jurisdictions. in addition, our legal entity structure throughout europe may impact our capital requirements, risk management infrastructure and reporting by country.
other international and global regulatory initiatives in the wake of the financial crisis, national and international authorities have proposed measures intended to increase the intensity of regulation of large financial institutions, requiring greater coordination among regulators and efforts to harmonize regulatory regimes. there can be no assurance that metlife will not in the future be subject to enhanced capital standards, supervision and additional requirements, such as g-sii requirements or other group capital standards or insurer capital standards outside of the u.s. see "business - regulation - international regulation - other international and global regulatory initiatives."
general from time to time, regulators raise issues during examinations or audits of metlife, inc.'s regulated subsidiaries that could, if determined adversely, have a material impact on us. in addition, the interpretations of regulations by regulators may change and statutes may be enacted with retroactive impact, particularly in areas such as accounting or statutory reserve requirements. further, a particular regulator or other governmental authority may interpret a law, regulation or accounting principle differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional risks. compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including regulatory and securities filings requirements, is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business. additionally, any failure to strictly comply with regulatory or securities filing requirements, or any other legal or regulatory requirements, could harm our reputation or result in regulatory sanctions or legal claims. changes to or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could thus have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the dodd-frank provisions compelling the liquidation of certain types of financial institutions could materially and adversely affect metlife, inc., as such a financial institution and as an investor in other such financial institutions, as well as our investors under provisions of dodd-frank, if metlife, inc. or another financial institution were to become insolvent or were in danger of defaulting on its obligations and it was determined that such default would have serious effects on financial stability in the u.s., it could be compelled to undergo liquidation with the fdic as receiver. while under this new regime an insurance company would be resolved in accordance with state insurance law, if the fdic were appointed as the receiver for another type of a company (including an insurance holding company such as metlife, inc.), liquidation of that company would occur under the provisions of the new liquidation authority, and not under the bankruptcy code, which ordinarily governs liquidations. in an fdic-managed liquidation, holders of a company's debt could in certain respects be treated differently than under the bankruptcy code and similarly-situated creditors could be treated differently. in particular, unsecured creditors and shareholders are intended to bear the losses of the company being liquidated. these provisions could also apply to financial institutions whose debt securities we hold in our investment portfolio and could adversely affect our position as a creditor and the value of our holdings.
legislative and regulatory activity in health care and other employee benefits could affect our profitability as a provider of life insurance, annuities, and non-medical health insurance benefit products the affordable care act has led to fundamental changes in the way that employers, including us, provide health care benefits and other forms of compensation to their employees and former employees. in addition to imposing obligations on metlife as an enterprise, the affordable care act also imposes requirements and taxes on us as a provider of non-medical health insurance benefits and as a purchaser of certain of these products. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - health care regulation" for information regarding such requirements and taxes, including the effects of the health insurer fee and of assessments related to public healthcare exchanges. the affordable care act or other related regulations or regulatory actions may adversely affect our ability to continue to offer certain non-medical health and dental insurance products in the same manner as we do today and may continue to result in increased and unpredictable costs to provide certain products thereby harming our competitive position.
in addition, we employ a substantial number of employees in the united states to whom we offer employment-related benefits. we also currently provide benefits to certain of our retirees. these benefits are provided under complex plans that are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements. the affordable care act or related regulations or regulatory actions could adversely affect our ability to attract, retain and motivate our associates. they could also result in increased or unpredictable costs to provide employee benefits, and could harm our competitive position if we are subject to fees, penalties, tax provisions or other limitations in the affordable care act and our competitors are not.
the preservation of access to care for medicare beneficiaries and pension relief act of 2010 also includes certain provisions for defined benefit pension plan funding relief. these provisions may impact the likelihood and/or timing of corporate plan sponsors terminating their plans and/or engaging in transactions to partially or fully transfer pension obligations to an insurance company. consequently, this law could indirectly affect the mix of our business, with fewer pension risk transfers and more non-guaranteed funding products, and adversely impact our results of operations.
changes in u.s. federal, state securities and state insurance laws and regulations may affect our operations and our profitability federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to insurance products that are also "securities," including variable annuity contracts and variable life insurance policies, as well as certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts with features that require them to be registered as securities ("registered fixed contracts"). as a result, some of metlife, inc.'s subsidiaries and their activities in offering and selling variable insurance contracts and policies are subject to extensive regulation under these securities laws.
federal and state securities laws and regulations are primarily intended to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors in the securities markets, and to protect investment advisory or brokerage clients. these laws and regulations generally grant regulatory agencies broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to adopt new rules impacting new and/or existing products, regulate the issuance, sales and distribution of our products and limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply with the securities laws and regulations.
as a result of dodd-frank, there have been a number of changes proposed or adopted to the laws and regulations that govern the conduct of our variable and registered fixed insurance products business and the firms that distribute these products. the future impact of recently adopted revisions to laws and regulations, as well as revisions that are still in the proposal stage, on the way we conduct our business and the products we sell is unclear. such impact could adversely affect our operations and profitability, including increasing the regulatory and compliance burden upon us, resulting in increased costs, or limiting the type, amount or structure of compensation arrangements into which we may enter with certain of our employees, negatively impacting our ability to compete with other companies in recruiting and maintaining key personnel. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - erisa and fiduciary considerations" and "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - securities, broker-dealer and investment adviser regulation." however, following the change of administration, we cannot predict with certainty whether any such proposals will be adopted, or what impact adopted revisions will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth" for information regarding the trump administration's expressed goals to amend dodd-frank. we also may be subject to similar laws and regulations in the foreign countries in which we offer products or conduct other activities similar to those described above. see "business - regulation - international regulation."
the global financial crisis has led to significant changes in economic and financial markets that have, in turn, led to a dynamic competitive landscape for variable and registered fixed product issuers. our ability to react to rapidly changing market and economic conditions will depend on the continued efficacy of provisions we have incorporated into our product design allowing frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements and our ability to work collaboratively with federal securities regulators. changes in regulatory approval processes, rules and other dynamics in the regulatory process could adversely impact our ability to react to such changing conditions.
changes in tax laws or interpretations of such laws could reduce our earnings and materially impact our operations by increasing our corporate taxes and making some of our products less attractive to consumers changes in domestic or foreign tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes and reduce our earnings. global budget deficits make it likely that governments' need for additional offsetting revenue will result in future tax proposals that will increase our effective tax rate or have product implications. however, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on our earnings both in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. such changes could not only directly impact our corporate taxes but also could adversely impact our products (both life insurance and retirement plans) by making some of our products less attractive to consumers. a shift away from life insurance and annuity contracts and other tax-deferred products by our customers would reduce our income from sales of these products, as well as the asset base upon which we earn investment income and fees, thereby reducing our earnings and potentially affecting the value of our deferred tax assets.
on december 22, 2017, u.s. tax reform was signed into law. see "- u.s. tax reform could have an impact on us" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary - overview - u.s. tax reform."
u.s. tax reform could have an impact on us u.s. tax reform includes numerous changes in tax law, including a permanent reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, which took effect for taxable years beginning on or after january 1, 2018, and a participation exemption system which generally eliminates u.s. federal income tax on dividends received from foreign subsidiaries. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary - overview - u.s. tax reform."
the overall effect of u.s. tax reform may be positive for metlife. however, u.s. tax reform also includes particular changes that may not be positive for metlife, including changes to the amortization periods for deferred acquisition costs, the computation of insurance tax reserves, deductibility of certain corporate expenses, two new international revenue-raising provisions, and rules relating to the dividends received deduction. in addition, u.s. tax reform contains provisions whose meaning is subject to differing interpretations, and future guidance may differ adversely from our current interpretation.
litigation and regulatory investigations are increasingly common in our businesses and may result in significant financial losses and/or harm to our reputation we face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses, including the risk of class action lawsuits. our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which we operate. in connection with our insurance or pension operations, plaintiffs' lawyers may bring or are bringing class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, claims payments and procedures, product design, disclosure, administration, investments, denial or delay of benefits and breaches of fiduciary or other duties to customers. plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages. due to the vagaries of litigation, the outcome of a litigation matter and the amount or range of potential loss at particular points in time may normally be difficult to ascertain. uncertainties can include how fact finders will evaluate documentary evidence and the credibility and effectiveness of witness testimony, and how trial and appellate courts will apply the law in the context of the pleadings or evidence presented, whether by motion practice, or at trial or on appeal. in addition, a court or other governmental authority may interpret a law, regulation or accounting principle differently than we have, exposing us to different or additional risks. disposition valuations are also subject to the uncertainty of how opposing parties and their counsel will themselves view the relevant evidence and applicable law. material pending litigation and regulatory matters affecting us and risks to our business presented by these proceedings are discussed in note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. updates are provided in the notes to our interim condensed consolidated financial statements regarding contingencies, commitments and guarantees included in our subsequently filed quarterly reports on form 10-q, as well as in part ii, item 1 ("legal proceedings") of those quarterly reports. see also "- risks related to the material weaknesses - we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and stock price."
a substantial legal liability or a significant federal, state or other regulatory action against us, as well as regulatory inquiries or investigations, could harm our reputation, result in material fines or penalties, result in significant legal costs and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, our ability to attract new customers, retain our current customers and recruit and retain employees could be materially and adversely impacted. regulatory inquiries and litigation may also cause volatility in the price of stocks of companies in our industry.
current claims, litigation, unasserted claims probable of assertion, investigations and other proceedings against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. it is also possible that related or unrelated claims, litigation, unasserted claims probable of assertion, investigations and proceedings may be commenced in the future, and we could become subject to further investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. we currently have a market presence in numerous non-u.s. jurisdictions and may be subject to additional investigations and lawsuits in these jurisdictions. increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could result in new legal actions and precedents and industry-wide regulations that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
investments-related risks should the need arise, we may have difficulty selling certain holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner and realizing full value given their illiquid nature there may be a limited market for certain investments we hold in our investment portfolio, making them relatively illiquid. these include privately-placed fixed maturity securities, certain derivative instruments, mortgage loans, policy loans, leveraged leases, other limited partnership interests, and real estate equity, such as real estate joint ventures and funds. in recent years, even some of our very high quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption. if we were forced to sell certain of our investments during periods of market volatility or disruption, market prices may be lower than our carrying value in such investments. this could result in realized losses which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, as well as our financial ratios, which could affect compliance with our credit instruments and rating agency capital adequacy measures.
similarly, we loan blocks of our securities to third parties (primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks) through our securities lending program, including fixed maturity (primarily u.s. government and u.s. government-backed securities) and equity securities, short-term investments and cash equivalents. under this program, we obtain collateral, usually cash, at the inception of a loan and typically purchase securities with the cash collateral. upon the return to us of these loaned securities, we must return to the third party the cash collateral we received. if the cash collateral has been invested in securities, we need to sell the securities. however, in some cases, the maturity of those securities may exceed the term of the related securities on loan and the estimated fair value of the securities we need to sell may fall below the amount of cash received.
if we are required to return significant amounts of cash collateral under our securities lending program or otherwise need significant amounts of cash on short notice and we are forced to sell securities, we may have difficulty selling such collateral that is invested in securities in a timely manner, be forced to sell securities in a volatile or illiquid market for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize under normal market conditions, or both. in the event of a forced sale, accounting guidance requires the recognition of a loss for securities in an unrealized loss position and may require the impairment of other securities based on our ability to hold those securities, which would negatively impact our financial condition, as well as our financial ratios, which could affect compliance with our credit instruments and rating agency capital adequacy measures. in addition, under stressful capital market and economic conditions, liquidity broadly deteriorates, which may further restrict our ability to sell securities. furthermore, if we decrease the amount of our securities lending activities over time, the amount of net investment income generated by these activities will also likely decline. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - securities lending."
our requirements to pledge collateral or make payments related to declines in estimated fair value of derivatives transactions or specified assets in connection with otc-cleared and otc-bilateral transactions may adversely affect our liquidity, expose us to central clearinghouse and counterparty credit risk, and increase our costs of hedging substantially all of our derivatives transactions require us to pledge collateral related to any decline in the net estimated fair value of such derivatives transactions executed through a specific broker at a clearinghouse or entered into with a specific counterparty on a bilateral basis. certain derivatives financing transactions require us to pledge collateral or make payments related to declines in the estimated fair value of the specified assets under certain circumstances to central clearinghouses or our counterparties. the amount of collateral we may be required to pledge and the payments we may be required to make under our derivatives transactions may increase under certain circumstances and will increase as a result of the requirement to pledge initial margin for otc-cleared transactions and for otc-bilateral transactions entered into after the phase-in period, which will likely be applicable to us in september 2020 as a result of the adoption by the office of the comptroller of the currency, the federal reserve board, fdic, farm credit administration and federal housing finance agency (collectively, the "prudential regulators") and the cftc of final margin requirements for non-centrally cleared derivatives. although the final rules allow us to pledge a broad range of non-cash collateral as initial and variation margin, the prudential regulators, cftc, central clearinghouses and counterparties may restrict or eliminate certain types of eligible collateral or charge us to pledge such non-cash collateral, which would increase our costs and could adversely affect the liquidity of our investments and the composition of our investment portfolio. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - regulation of over-the-counter derivatives," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral," and note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
gross unrealized losses on fixed maturity securities and defaults, downgrades or other events may result in future impairments to the carrying value of such securities, resulting in a reduction in our net income fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale ("afs") securities are reported at their estimated fair value. unrealized gains or losses on afs securities are recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) ("oci") and are, therefore, excluded from net income. in recent periods, as a result of low interest rates, the unrealized gains on our fixed maturity securities have exceeded the unrealized losses. however, if interest rates rise, our unrealized gains would decrease and our unrealized losses would increase, perhaps substantially. the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these afs securities is recognized in net income when the gain or loss is realized upon the sale of the security or in the event that the decline in estimated fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary and an impairment charge to earnings is taken. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - fixed maturity and equity securities afs."
the occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads, or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of securities or the underlying collateral of structured securities could cause the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio and corresponding earnings to decline and cause the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio to increase. a ratings downgrade affecting issuers or guarantors of particular securities, or similar trends that could worsen the credit quality of issuers, such as the corporate issuers of securities in our investment portfolio, could also have a similar effect. with economic uncertainty, credit quality of issuers or guarantors could be adversely affected. similarly, a ratings downgrade affecting a security we hold could indicate the credit quality of that security has deteriorated and could increase the capital we must hold to support that security to maintain our rbc levels. levels of writedowns or impairments are impacted by intent to sell, or our assessment of the likelihood that we will be required to sell, fixed maturity securities. realized losses or impairments on these securities may have a material adverse effect on our net income in a particular quarterly or annual period.
our valuation of securities and investments and the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments are subjective and include methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and market conditions and, if changed, could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition fixed maturity, equity, and fair value option ("fvo") securities, as well as short-term investments that are reported at estimated fair value represent the majority of our total cash and investments. we define fair value generally as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. considerable judgment is often required in interpreting market data to develop estimates of fair value, and the use of different assumptions or valuation methodologies may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts. during periods of market disruption including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates, rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. in addition, in times of financial market disruption, certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data may become illiquid. in those cases, the valuation process includes inputs that are less observable and require more subjectivity and management judgment. valuations may result in estimated fair values which vary significantly from the amount at which the investments may ultimately be sold. further, rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in estimated fair value could vary significantly. decreases in the estimated fair value of securities we hold may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments" and notes 1 and 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. we reflect any changes in allowances and impairments in earnings as such evaluations are revised. however, historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. in addition, any such future impairments or allowances could have a materially adverse effect on our earnings and financial position. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - investment impairments" and note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
defaults on our mortgage loans and volatility in performance may adversely affect our profitability our mortgage loans face default risk and are principally collateralized by commercial, agricultural and residential properties. we establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments, which are based on loan risk characteristics, historical default rates and loss severities, real estate market fundamentals and outlooks, as well as other relevant factors. in addition, substantially all of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans held-for-investment have balloon payment maturities. an increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments or fluctuations in their performance could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
further, any geographic or property type concentration of our mortgage loans may have adverse effects on our investment portfolio and consequently on our results of operations or financial condition. while we seek to mitigate this risk by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular geographic region or sector may have a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated. moreover, our ability to sell assets relating to such particular groups of related assets may be limited if other market participants are seeking to sell at the same time. in addition, legislative proposals that would allow or require modifications to the terms of mortgage loans could be enacted. we cannot predict whether these proposals will be adopted, or what impact, if any, such proposals or, if enacted, such laws, could have on our business or investments. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - mortgage loans."
the defaults or deteriorating credit of other financial institutions could adversely affect us we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, central clearinghouses, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds and investment funds and other financial institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. in addition, with respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. we also have exposure to these financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, non-redeemable and redeemable preferred securities, derivatives, joint venture, hedge fund and equity investments. further, potential action by governments and regulatory bodies in response to the financial crisis affecting the global banking system and financial markets, such as investment, nationalization, conservatorship, receivership and other intervention, whether under existing legal authority or any new authority that may be created, or lack of action by governments and central banks, as well as deterioration in the banks' credit standing, could negatively impact these instruments, securities, transactions and investments or limit our ability to trade with them. any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these investments or other changes may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
risks related to our business our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability our international operations face political, legal, financial, operational and other risks. these operations may be materially adversely affected by the actions and decisions of foreign authorities and regulators, such as through nationalization or expropriation of assets; the imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies which may increase our dependence on joint venture counterparties and/or impact how we account for our joint venture ownership interests; changes in laws (including tax laws and regulations), their application or interpretation; political instability (including any resulting economic or trade sanctions); dividend limitations; price controls; changes in applicable currency; currency exchange controls or other restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or converting local currencies we hold into u.s. dollars or other currencies, as well as other adverse actions by foreign governmental authorities and regulators, such as the retroactive application of new requirements on our current and prior activities or operations, the imposition of regulations limiting our ability to distribute our products, and public or political criticism of our products, practices, and other aspects of our business and operations. such actions may negatively affect our business or reputation in these jurisdictions and could indirectly affect our business or reputation in other jurisdictions as well. some of our foreign insurance operations are, and are likely to continue to be, in emerging markets where these risks are heightened. for example, proposed reform of the chilean pension system, if enacted, may have a significant adverse effect on our business in chile. see "business - regulation - international regulation."
the united states, mexico, and canada are currently renegotiating nafta, which had eliminated most trade tariffs between the three countries. while our current business in mexico is not directly dependent upon any specific trade agreement provision, and is tied to the general economy and the growth of the market, if the current rules on government procurement under nafta were modified or eliminated, it could have a material adverse impact on our business in mexico, given our business model. we cannot predict with certainty what proposals may be made in connection with international trade agreements or what legislation or regulations may be introduced or enacted, or what impact any such legislation or regulations may have on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
part of our international insurance operations may be subject to assessments, generally based on their proportionate share of business written in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations to policyholders and claimants resulting from the insolvency of insurance companies. we cannot predict the timing and scope of any assessments that may be made in the future, which may materially affect the results of operations of our international insurance operations in particular quarterly or annual periods. see "business - regulation - international regulation" and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," as well as "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth."
we have market presence in numerous jurisdictions and increased exposure to risks posed by local and regional economic conditions. concerns about the political, security and/or economic conditions in the u.k., mexico and south korea have recently contributed to global market volatility. lack of legal certainty and stability in these regions exposes our operations there to increased risk of disruption and to adverse or unpredictable actions by regulators and may make it more difficult for us to enforce our contracts, which may negatively impact our business in these regions. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - financial and economic environment."
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum regarding its membership in the eu, resulting in a vote in favor of leaving the eu. the u.k. government triggered the withdrawal process by notifying the eu on march 29, 2017 of the u.k.'s intention to withdraw from the eu. the member withdrawal provisions in the applicable eu treaty provide that the u.k. and the eu will negotiate a withdrawal agreement during a maximum two-year period (unless such period is extended by unanimous vote of the eu member states). in the meantime, the u.k. remains a member of the eu with unchanged rights to access the single eu market in goods and services. our u.k. business model utilizes certain rights to operate cross-border insurance and investment operations which may be modified or eliminated as a result of the u.k. exiting the eu. operating expenses within our businesses could increase as a result of uncertainties during the negotiation period and upon the u.k.'s withdrawal.
economic slowdowns and volatility may impact markets where we have a material presence, including japan, latin america and europe. unfavorable economic conditions could adversely impact the demand for our products, negatively impact earnings, adversely affect the performance of our investments or result in impairments, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "- economic environment and capital markets-related risks - difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - investments - current environment - selected country investments."
furthermore, we rely on local sales forces in these jurisdictions and may encounter labor problems resulting from workers' associations and trade unions in some jurisdictions. additionally, if associates fail to adhere to local regulatory requirements or our policies and procedures, we may be subject to penalties, restrictions or other sanctions by local regulators in such jurisdictions, and we may suffer reputational harm. if our business model is not successful in a particular jurisdiction, we may lose all or most of our investment in building and training the sales force in that jurisdiction.
we are continuing to expand our international operations in certain markets where we operate and in selected new markets. this may require considerable management time, as well as start-up expenses for market development before any significant revenues and earnings are generated. the prospects of our business also may be materially and adversely affected if we are not able to manage the growth of such international operations successfully. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in managing such future growth. further, operations in new foreign markets may achieve low margins or may be unprofitable, and expansion in existing markets may be affected by local political, economic and market conditions. therefore, as we expand internationally, we may not achieve expected operating margins and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively affect our profitability we are exposed to risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar resulting from our holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated investments, investments in foreign subsidiaries, net income from foreign operations and issuance of non-u.s. dollar denominated instruments, including guaranteed interest contracts and funding agreements. in general, the weakening of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar will adversely affect the estimated fair value of our non-u.s. dollar denominated investments, our investments in foreign subsidiaries, and our net income from foreign operations. in addition, from time to time, various emerging market countries have experienced severe economic and financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies. our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is exacerbated by our investments in these emerging markets. see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
in addition, certain of our life and annuity products are exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. payments under these contracts, depending on the circumstances, may be required to be made in different currencies and may not be the legal tender in the country whose law governs the particular product. changes in exchange rate movements and the imposition of capital controls may also directly impact the liability valuation that may not be entirely hedged. if the currency upon which expected future payments are made strengthens, the liability valuation may increase, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we match substantially all of our foreign currency denominated liabilities in our foreign subsidiaries with investments denominated in their respective foreign currency, which limits the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuations on local operating results; however, fluctuations in such rates affect the translation of these results into our u.s. dollar basis consolidated financial statements. although we take certain actions to address this risk, including entering into foreign currency derivatives, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could materially adversely affect our reported results due to unhedged positions, asymmetrical and non-economic accounting resulting from derivative gains (losses) on non-qualifying hedges, or the failure of hedges to effectively offset the impact of the foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. our reported results could also be adversely affected if the economy of one or more of our foreign subsidiaries is determined to be "highly inflationary," generally defined by a cumulative inflation rate of approximately 100% or more over a three-year period.
we face significant exposure to risks associated with fluctuations in the yen/u.s. dollar exchange rate because we have substantial operations in japan and a large portion of our premiums and investment income in japan are received in yen. most claims and expenses associated with our operations in japan are also paid in yen and we primarily purchase yen-denominated assets to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/u.s. dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. our japan operation does assume some currency exposure by backing a portion of surplus and yen-denominated liabilities with u.s. dollar assets. although this represents risk to our japan operation, most of these u.s. dollar assets are hedged to yen with currency derivatives. additionally, our japan operation sells u.s. dollar and australian dollar life and annuity products to japanese customers. we may experience elevated levels of early policy terminations when the japanese yen weakens against these currencies. while the cost of early policy terminations is offset by surrender charges, foreign exchange rate fluctuations will impact both our sales volumes and the amount of business we have in-force.
an inability to access our credit facility could result in a reduction in our liquidity and lead to downgrades in our credit and financial strength ratings we rely on our $3.0 billion unsecured credit facility maintained by metlife, inc. and metlife funding, inc. ("metlife funding"), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc. (the "credit facility"), as a potential source of liquidity. the availability of the credit facility could be critical to our credit and financial strength ratings and our ability to meet our obligations as they come due in a market when alternative sources of credit are tight. the credit facility contains certain administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants, including a requirement to maintain a specified minimum consolidated net worth. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities" and note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
our right to borrow funds under the credit facility is subject to the fulfillment of certain important conditions, including our compliance with all covenants, and our ability to borrow under the credit facility is also subject to the continued willingness and ability of the lenders that are parties to the credit facility to provide funds. our failure to comply with the covenants in the credit facility or fulfill the conditions to borrowings, or the failure of lenders to fund their lending commitments (whether due to insolvency, illiquidity or other reasons) in the amounts provided for under the terms of the credit facility, would restrict our ability to access the credit facility when needed and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may need to fund deficiencies in our closed block; assets allocated to the closed block benefit only the holders of closed block policies mlic's plan of reorganization, as amended, established in connection with its demutualization, required that we establish and operate an accounting mechanism, known as a closed block, to ensure that the reasonable dividend expectations of policyholders who own individual participating whole life insurance policies of mlic in force at the time of the demutualization are met. we allocated assets to the closed block in an amount that will produce cash flows which, together with anticipated revenue from the policies included in the closed block, are reasonably expected to be sufficient to support obligations and liabilities relating to these policies, including, but not limited to, provisions for the payment of claims and certain expenses and tax, and to provide for the continuation of the policyholder dividend scales in effect for 1999, if the experience underlying such scales continues, and for appropriate adjustments in such scales if the experience changes. the closed block assets, the cash flows generated by the closed block assets and the anticipated revenue from the policies included in the closed block may not be sufficient to provide for the benefits guaranteed under these policies. if they are not, we must fund the shortfall. even if they are sufficient, we may choose, for competitive reasons, to support policyholder dividend payments with our general account funds.
the closed block assets, the cash flows generated by the closed block assets and the anticipated revenues from the policies in the closed block will benefit only the holders of the policies in the closed block. in addition, to the extent that these amounts are greater than the amounts estimated at the time the closed block was funded, dividends payable in respect of the policies included in the closed block may be greater than they would be in the absence of a closed block. any excess earnings will be available for distribution over time only to closed block policyholders. see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations financial strength ratings are published by various nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") and similar entities not formally recognized as nrsros. they indicate the nrsros' opinion regarding an insurance company's ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, and are important to maintaining public confidence in our products and our competitive position. see "business - company ratings" for additional information regarding our financial strength ratings.
downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings or changes to our ratings outlooks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including:
   reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and other investment products;
   impacting the cost and availability of financing for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries;
   adversely affecting our relationships with our sales force and independent sales intermediaries;
   materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders;
   requiring us to post additional collateral under certain of our financing and derivative transactions;
   requiring us to reduce prices for many of our products and services to remain competitive;
   providing termination rights for the benefit of our derivative instrument counterparties;
   adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance at reasonable prices or at all;
   limiting our access to the capital markets;
in addition to the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries, various nrsros also publish credit ratings for metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries. credit ratings indicate the nrsros' opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner and are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the impact of a one-notch downgrade with respect to derivative transactions with financial strength or credit rating downgrade triggers and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral" for further information on the impact of a one-notch downgrade. see also "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - the company - capital - rating agencies."
in view of the difficulties experienced by many financial institutions as a result of the financial crisis and ensuing global recession, including our competitors in the insurance industry, we believe it is possible that the nrsros will continue to heighten the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, will continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, will continue to request additional information from the companies that they rate, and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the models for maintenance of certain ratings levels. in addition, the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could result in downgrades in our financial strength or credit ratings. see "controls and procedures" and "- risks related to the material weaknesses - we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and stock price." our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without notice by any nrsro.
reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses as part of our overall risk management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments. while reinsurance agreements generally bind the reinsurer for the life of the business reinsured at generally fixed pricing, market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection for new business. in certain circumstances, the price of reinsurance for business already reinsured may also increase. for example, for some of our group businesses under which the policies and related reinsurance are subject to periodic (typically annual) renewal, prices may increase at any renewal. also, for most of our traditional life reinsurance agreements, it is common for the reinsurer to have a right to increase reinsurance rates on in-force business if there is a systematic deterioration of mortality in the market as a whole. any decrease in the amount of reinsurance will increase our risk of loss and any increase in the cost of reinsurance will, absent a decrease in the amount of reinsurance, reduce our earnings. accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect our ability to write future business or result in the assumption of more risk with respect to those policies we issue. see "business - reinsurance activity" and "- if the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations."
if the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations we use reinsurance, indemnification and derivatives to mitigate our risks in various circumstances. in general, reinsurance, indemnification and derivatives do not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers, indemnitors, counterparties and central clearinghouses. a reinsurer's, indemnitor's, counterparty's or central clearinghouse's insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of reinsurance agreements, indemnity agreements or derivatives agreements with us or inability or unwillingness to return collateral could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including our liquidity. see "business - reinsurance activity."
in addition, we use derivatives to hedge various business risks. we enter into a variety of derivatives, including options, forwards, interest rate, credit default and currency swaps with a number of counterparties on a bilateral basis for uncleared otc derivatives and with clearing brokers and central clearinghouses for otc-cleared derivatives. we also enter into futures and exchange-traded options with clearing brokers and central clearinghouses. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - derivatives." if our counterparties, clearing brokers or central clearinghouses fail or refuse to honor their obligations under these derivatives, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. this risk is more pronounced in light of the stresses suffered by financial institutions over the past few years. such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
differences between actual claims experience and underwriting and reserving assumptions may adversely affect our financial results our earnings significantly depend upon the extent to which our actual claims experience is consistent with the assumptions we use in setting prices for our products and establishing liabilities for future policy benefits and claims. such amounts are established based on estimates by actuaries of how much we will need to pay for future benefits and claims. to the extent that actual claims experience is less favorable than the underlying assumptions we used in establishing such liabilities, we could be required to reduce dac and/or voba, increase our liabilities and/or incur higher costs.
due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of liabilities for future policy benefits and claims, we cannot determine precisely the amounts which we will ultimately pay to settle our liabilities. such amounts may vary from the estimated amounts, particularly when those payments may not occur until well into the future. we evaluate our liabilities periodically based on accounting requirements, which change from time to time, the assumptions used to establish the liabilities, as well as our actual experience. reserve estimates in some instances are affected by our operating practices and procedures that are used, among other things, to support our assumptions with respect to the company's obligations to its policyholders and contractholders. these practices and procedures include our use of technology, such as database analysis and electronic communications. to the extent that these practices and procedures do not accurately produce the data to support our assumptions or cause us to change our assumptions, or to the extent that enhanced technological tools become available to us, such assumptions and procedures, as well as our reserves, may require adjustment. furthermore, to the extent that any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. if the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them and/or reduce associated dac and/or voba. such adjustments could affect earnings negatively and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "business - policyholder liabilities" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - policyholder liabilities." see also "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired," "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives," and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016 - actuarial assumption review" for further information regarding the manner in which policyholder behavior and other events may differ from our assumptions and, thereby affect our financial results.
catastrophes may adversely impact liabilities for policyholder claims and reinsurance availability our insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. most catastrophes are restricted to small geographic areas; however, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and man-made catastrophes may produce significant damage or loss of life or property damage in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. claims resulting from catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition. in addition, catastrophic events could harm the financial condition of issuers of obligations we hold in our investment portfolio, resulting in impairments to these obligations, and could also harm the financial condition of our reinsurers, thereby increasing the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries. large-scale catastrophes may also reduce the overall level of economic activity in affected countries, which could hurt our business and the value of our investments or our ability to write new business. it is possible that increases in the value of property, caused by inflation or other factors, and geographic concentration of insured lives or property, could increase the severity of claims we receive from future catastrophic events.
our life insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic mortality, such as a pandemic or other event that causes a large number of deaths. significant influenza pandemics have occurred three times in the last century; however, the likelihood, timing, and severity of a future pandemic cannot be predicted. a significant pandemic could have a major impact on the global economy or the economies of particular countries or regions, including travel, trade, tourism, the health system, food supply, consumption, overall economic output, as well as on the financial markets. in addition, a pandemic that affected our employees or the employees of our distributors or of other companies with which we do business could disrupt our business operations. the effectiveness of external parties, including governmental and non-governmental organizations, in combating the spread and severity of such a pandemic could have a material impact on the losses we experience. in our group insurance operations, a localized event that affects the workplace of one or more of our group insurance customers could cause a significant loss due to mortality or morbidity claims. these events could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any period and, depending on their severity, could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition.
our property & casualty businesses have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses that may have a material adverse impact on their business, results of operations and financial condition. although we make every effort to limit our exposure to catastrophic risks through volatility management and reinsurance programs, these efforts do not eliminate all risk. catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hail, tornadoes, explosions, severe winter weather (including snow, freezing water, ice storms and blizzards), fires and man-made events such as terrorist attacks. historically, most of our property & casualty catastrophe-related claims have related to homeowners coverages. however, catastrophes may also affect other property & casualty coverages. due to their nature, we cannot predict the incidence, timing and severity of catastrophes. in addition, changing climate conditions, primarily rising global temperatures, may increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes such as hurricanes, tornadoes and floods.
consistent with industry practice and accounting standards, we establish liabilities for claims arising from a catastrophe only after assessing the probable losses arising from the event. we cannot be certain that the liabilities we have established will be adequate to cover actual claim liabilities. from time to time, states have passed legislation that has the effect of limiting the ability of insurers to manage risk, such as legislation restricting an insurer's ability to withdraw from catastrophe-prone areas. while we attempt to limit our exposure to acceptable levels, subject to restrictions imposed by insurance regulatory authorities, a catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
most of the jurisdictions in which our u.s. insurance subsidiaries are admitted to transact business require life, health, and property & casualty insurers doing business within the jurisdiction to participate in guaranty associations. these associations are organized to pay contractual benefits owed pursuant to insurance policies issued by impaired, insolvent or failed insurers. among other reasons, these insurers may become impaired, insolvent or fail following the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events. these associations levy assessments, up to prescribed limits, on all member insurers in a particular state on the basis of the proportionate share of the premiums written by member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired, insolvent or failed insurer is engaged. in addition, certain states have government owned or controlled organizations providing life, health, and property & casualty insurance to their citizens. the activities of such organizations could also place additional stress on the adequacy of guaranty fund assessments. many of these organizations also have the power to levy assessments similar to those of the guaranty associations described above. some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - guaranty associations and similar arrangements" and "business - regulation - international regulation."
while in the past five years, the aggregate assessments levied against metlife have not been material, it is possible that a large catastrophic event could render such guaranty funds inadequate and we may be called upon to contribute additional amounts, which may have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations in a particular period. we have established liabilities for guaranty fund assessments that we consider adequate, but additional liabilities may be necessary. see note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
our ability to manage this risk and the profitability of our property & casualty, health and life insurance businesses depends in part on our ability to obtain catastrophe reinsurance, which may not be available at commercially acceptable rates in the future. see "- reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses."
our statutory life insurance reserve financings may be subject to cost increases and new financings may be subject to limited market capacity we currently utilize capital markets solutions to finance a portion of our statutory reserve requirements for several products, including, but not limited to, our level premium term life subject to the naic model regulation valuation of life insurance policies (commonly referred to as xxx), and ulsg subject to naic actuarial guideline 38 (commonly referred to as axxx), as well as mlic's closed block. while we have financing facilities in place for certain previously written business, certain of these facilities are subject to cost increases upon the occurrence of specified ratings downgrades of metlife or are subject to periodic re-pricing. any resulting cost increases could negatively impact our financial results.
future capacity for these statutory reserve funding structures in the marketplace is not guaranteed. in 2014, the naic approved a new regulatory framework applicable to the use of captive insurers in connection with regulation xxx and guideline axxx transactions. among other things, the framework called for more disclosure of an insurer's use of captives in its statutory financial statements, and narrows the types of assets permitted to back statutory reserves that are required to support the insurer's future obligations. in 2014, the naic implemented the framework through ag 48, which requires the actuary of the ceding insurer that opines on the insurer's reserves to issue a qualified opinion if the framework is not followed. the requirements of ag 48 became effective as of january 1, 2015 in all states without any further action necessary by state legislatures or insurance regulators to implement them, and apply prospectively to new policies issued and new reinsurance transactions entered into on or after january 1, 2015. the naic has adopted an update to ag 48 and a model regulation that contains the same substantive requirements as the updated ag 48. the states have started to adopt the model regulation. to the extent the types of assets permitted under ag 48 and the recent updates are not available in the future to back statutory reserves, we would not be able to take some or all statutory reserve credit for such transactions and this could materially affect the statutory capitalization of certain of our insurance subsidiaries.
competitive factors may adversely affect our market share and profitability we believe competition amongst insurance companies is based on a number of factors, including service, product features, scale, price, financial strength, claims-paying ratings, credit ratings, e-business capabilities and name recognition. we compete globally with a large number of other insurance companies, as well as non-insurance financial services companies, such as banks, broker-dealers and asset managers, for individual consumers, employers and other group customers and agents and other distributors of insurance and investment products. some of these companies offer a broader array of products, have more competitive pricing or, with respect to other insurance companies, have higher claims paying ability ratings. some may also have greater financial resources with which to compete. in some circumstances, national banks that sell annuity products of life insurers may also have pre-existing customer bases for financial services products. additionally, many of our group insurance products are underwritten annually. there is a risk that group purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from competitors than they could by renewing coverage with us. these competitive pressures may adversely affect the persistency of these and other products, as well as our ability to sell our products in the future. furthermore, the investment management and securities brokerage businesses have relatively low barriers to entry and continually attract new entrants. in addition, the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could harm our reputation or financial condition, which in turn could negatively affect our competitive position. see "business - competition," "controls and procedures" and "- risks related to the material weaknesses - we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations and stock price."
the insurance industry distributes many of its individual products through other financial institutions such as banks and broker-dealers. an increase in bank and broker-dealer consolidation activity may negatively impact the industry's sales, and such consolidation could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market insurance products to our current customer base or to expand our customer base. consolidation of distributors and/or other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us.
in addition, since numerous aspects of our business are subject to regulation, legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment for our business may have, over time, the effect of supporting or burdening some aspects of or actors in the financial services industry more than others. this can adversely affect our competitive position within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. see "business - regulation," "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth," and "- regulatory and legal risks - changes in u.s. federal, state securities and state insurance laws and regulations may affect our operations and our profitability."
if our business does not perform well, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or other long-lived assets or to establish a valuation allowance against the deferred income tax asset, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition we perform our goodwill impairment testing using the fair value approach, which requires the use of estimates and judgment, at the "reporting unit" level. a reporting unit is the operating segment or a business one level below the operating segment under certain circumstances.
the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is impacted by the performance of the business, which may be adversely impacted by prolonged market declines. if it is determined that the goodwill has been impaired, we must write down the goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income. such writedowns could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - goodwill" and notes 1 and 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
long-lived assets, including but not limited to assets such as real estate, also require impairment testing. this testing is done to determine whether changes in circumstances indicate that we will be unable to recover the carrying amount of the asset group. such writedowns could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax bases of assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are assessed periodically by management to determine if they are realizable. factors in management's determination include the performance of the business including the ability to generate future taxable income. if, based on available information, it is more likely than not that the deferred income tax asset will not be realized then a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to net income. such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. in addition, changes in the corporate tax rates could affect the value of our deferred tax assets and may require a write-off of some of those assets. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - income taxes." see also "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive summary - overview - u.s. tax reform."
if our business does not perform well or if actual experience versus estimates used in valuing and amortizing dac, deferred sales inducements ("dsi") and voba vary significantly, we may be required to accelerate the amortization and/or impair the dac, dsi and voba which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. costs that are related directly to the successful acquisition of new and renewal insurance business are deferred and referred to as dac. bonus amounts credited to certain policyholders, either immediately upon receiving a deposit or as excess interest credits for a period of time, are deferred and referred to as dsi. voba represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity, and investment-type contracts in-force at the acquisition date. the estimated fair value of the acquired liabilities is based on actuarially determined projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, operating expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. dac, dsi and voba related to fixed and variable universal life and deferred annuity contracts are amortized in proportion to actual and expected future gross profits and for most participating contracts in proportion to actual and expected future gross margins. the amount of future gross profit or margin is dependent principally on investment returns in excess of the amounts credited to policyholders, mortality, morbidity, persistency, interest crediting rates, dividends paid to policyholders, expenses to administer the business, creditworthiness of reinsurance counterparties and certain economic variables, such as inflation. of these factors, we anticipate that investment returns are most likely to impact the rate of amortization of dac for the aforementioned contracts.
if actual gross profits or margins are less than originally expected, then the amortization of such costs would be accelerated in the period the actual experience is known and would result in a charge to net income. significant or sustained equity market declines could result in an acceleration of amortization of dac, dsi and voba related to variable annuity and variable universal life contracts, resulting in a charge to net income. such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment" for a discussion of how significantly lower spreads may cause us to accelerate amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period.
see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - summary of critical accounting estimates - deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired" and note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further consideration of dac and voba.
guarantees within certain of our products may decrease our earnings, increase the volatility of our results, result in higher risk management costs and expose us to increased counterparty risk certain of our variable annuity products, variable universal life products, assumed reinsurance contracts and other products contain guaranteed benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits ("gmdbs") (including but not limited to no-lapse guarantee benefits), guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits ("gmwbs"), guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits ("gmabs") and guaranteed minimum income benefits ("gmibs"). certain of our interest rate sensitive products include a minimum crediting rate feature which could be guaranteed for a period of time or life time of the policies. these guarantees are designed to protect policyholders against significant downturns in equity markets and interest rates. any such periods of significant and sustained downturns in equity markets, increased equity volatility, or reduced interest rates could result in an increase in the valuation of our liabilities associated with those products. an increase in these liabilities would result in a decrease in our net income.
we use derivatives and other risk management strategies to hedge the economic exposure inherent in these liabilities. these economically effective hedges do not generally qualify for hedge accounting treatment, and, as result, such non-qualifying derivatives may introduce volatility in the results of our operations, including net income, to the extent the financial measurement of the hedged liability does not fully reflect the sensitivity to the underlying economic exposure.
we also use derivatives and other risk management strategies to directly mitigate the volatility in net income associated with certain of these liabilities that are measured at fair value. these strategies involve the use of reinsurance and derivatives, which may not be completely effective. for example, in the event that reinsurers, derivative counterparties or central clearinghouses are unable or unwilling to pay, we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits. see "- if the counterparties to our reinsurance or indemnification arrangements or to the derivatives we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations."
in addition, hedging instruments may not effectively offset the costs of guarantees or may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. furthermore, we are subject to the risk that changes in policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produce economic losses not addressed by the risk management techniques employed. these, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including net income, capitalization, financial condition or liquidity, including our ability to receive dividends from our operating insurance companies. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - policyholder liabilities - variable annuity guarantees" and note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further consideration of the risks associated with guaranteed benefits.
risks related to acquisitions, dispositions or other structural changes we could face difficulties, unforeseen liabilities, asset impairments or rating actions arising from business acquisitions or integrating and managing growth of such businesses, dispositions of businesses, or legal entity reorganizations we have engaged in dispositions and acquisitions of businesses in the past, and expect to continue to do so in the future. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the separation and the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture. such activity exposes us to a number of risks arising from (i) potential difficulties achieving projected financial results, including the costs and benefits of integration or deconsolidation; (ii) unforeseen liabilities or asset impairments; (iii) the scope and duration of rights to indemnification for losses; (iv) the use of capital which could be used for other purposes; (v) rating agency reactions; (vi) regulatory requirements that could impact our operations or capital requirements; (vii) changes in statutory or u.s. gaap accounting principles, practices or policies; and (viii) certain other risks specifically arising from activities relating to an initial public offering, spin-off, joint venture or legal entity reorganization, including in connection with the separation.
the valuation and structure for any transaction reflect our financial projections and other qualitative and quantitative factors. every transaction exposes us to the risk that actual results may materially differ from what we have projected. factors that can cause our ultimate experience to vary materially from financial projections made at the time we enter into a transaction include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic, business growth, demographic, policyholder behavior and other actuarial assumptions, regulatory and political conditions.
risks relating to acquisitions our ability to achieve certain financial benefits we anticipate from any acquisitions of businesses will depend in part upon our ability to successfully integrate such businesses in an efficient and effective manner. we may not be able to integrate such businesses smoothly or successfully, and the process may take longer than expected. the integration of operations and differences in organizational culture may require the dedication of significant management resources, which may distract management's attention from day-to-day business. if we are unable to successfully integrate the operations of such acquired businesses, we may be unable to realize the benefits we expect to achieve as a result of such acquisitions and our business and results of operations may be less than expected.
the success with which we are able to integrate acquired operations will depend on our ability to manage a variety of issues, including the following:
   loss of key personnel or higher than expected employee attrition rates could adversely affect the performance of the acquired business and our ability to integrate it successfully.
   customers of the acquired business may reduce, delay or defer decisions concerning their use of its products and services as a result of the acquisition or uncertainty related to the consummation of the acquisition, including, for example, potential unfamiliarity with the metlife brand in regions where we did not have a market presence prior to the acquisition.
   if the acquired business relies upon independent distributors to distribute its products, these distributors may not continue to generate the same volume of business for us after the acquisition. independent distributors may reexamine the scope of their relationship with the acquired business or us as a result of the acquisition and decide to curtail or eliminate distribution of our products.
   if the acquired business relies on continued distribution access with another party, we are also exposed to the risk of loss of exclusivity or change in access due to regulatory changes.
   integrating acquired operations with our existing operations may require us to coordinate geographically separated organizations, address possible differences in corporate culture and management philosophies, merge financial processes and risk and compliance procedures, combine separate information technology platforms and integrate operations that were previously closely tied to the former parent of the acquired business or other service providers.
   in cases where we or an acquired business operates in certain markets through joint ventures, the acquisition may affect the continued success and prospects of the joint venture.
   we may incur significant costs in connection with any acquisition and the related integration. the costs and liabilities actually incurred in connection with an acquisition and subsequent integration process may exceed those anticipated.
there could also be unforeseen liabilities or asset impairments, including goodwill impairments, which arise in connection with the businesses that we may sell or the businesses that we may acquire in the future.
in addition, there may be liabilities or asset impairments that we fail, or are unable, to discover in the course of performing acquisition-related due diligence investigations. furthermore, even for obligations and liabilities that we do discover during the due diligence process, neither the valuation adjustment nor the contractual protections we negotiate may be sufficient to fully protect us from losses. although we generally have rights to indemnification for certain losses, our rights may be limited by survival periods for bringing claims and limitations on the nature and amount of losses we may recover, and we cannot be certain that indemnification will be, among other things, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset any loss we may suffer. the use of our own funds as consideration in any acquisition would consume capital resources, which could affect our capital plan and render those funds unavailable for other corporate purposes. we also may not be able to raise sufficient funds to consummate an acquisition if, for example, we are unable to sell our securities or close related bridge credit facilities.
risks relating to dispositions we may from time to time dispose of business or blocks of in-force business through an outright sale, reinsurance transaction or by alternate means such as a public offering of shares in a publicly traded company or a spin-off, which would also result in a separate, publicly traded company. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the separation and the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture. when we dispose of subsidiaries or operations, we may remain liable to the acquirer or to third parties for certain losses or costs arising from the divested business or on other bases. we may also not realize the anticipated profit on a disposition or incur a loss on the disposition. in anticipation of any disposition, we may need to restructure our operations, which could disrupt such operations and affect our ability to recruit key personnel needed to operate and grow such business pending the completion of such transaction. in addition, the actions of key employees of the business to be divested could adversely affect the success of such disposition as they may be more focused on obtaining employment, or the terms of their employment, than on maximizing the value of the business to be divested. furthermore, transitional services or tax arrangements related to any such separation, including the separation, could further disrupt our operations and may impose restrictions, liabilities, losses or indemnification obligations on us. depending on its particulars, a separation could increase our exposure to certain risks, such as by decreasing the diversification of our sources of revenue or by changing the percentage of our revenue being derived from non-u.s. sources. see "- risks related to our business - our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability." any such separation could also affect the dividends available to be paid to metlife, inc. by the subsidiaries that are part of such separation. furthermore, we may be unable to timely dissolve all contractual relationships with the divested business in the course of the proposed transaction, which may materially adversely affect our ability to realize value from the disposition. such restructuring could also adversely affect our internal controls and procedures and impair our relationships with key customers, distributors and suppliers. an interruption or significant change in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. after any such disposition, shares of our common stock will represent an investment in a company different in size and characteristics from the present. these changes may cause some existing shareholders to sell their shares of our common stock, which could, if excessive, cause the market price of our common stock to decrease.
risks relating to joint ventures we participate in joint ventures, which may also include exclusive or semi-exclusive distribution relationships, in several countries, including china and india. we may enter into joint ventures with other companies or government sponsored enterprises in various other international markets, including joint ventures where we may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations, which may expose us to additional operational, financial, legal or compliance risks. we may be dependent on a joint venture counterparty for capital, product distribution, local market knowledge, or other resources. limits on our ownership levels under local laws or regulations may increase our dependence on joint venture counterparties and subsequent changes to such laws or regulations may impact how we account for our joint venture ownership interests or manage the joint venture. regulations regarding the level of foreign ownership or operations of such entities or limitation on distribution exclusivity may affect the value of a joint venture. see "- risks related to our business - our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability."
a joint venture may require an investment of considerable management, financial and operational resources to establish sufficient infrastructure such as underwriting, actuarial, risk management, compliance or other processes. if we are unable to effectively cooperate with joint venture counterparties, or any joint venture counterparty fails to meet its obligations under the joint venture arrangement, encounters financial difficulty, or elects to alter, modify or terminate the relationship, we may be unable to exercise management control or influence over these joint venture operations and our ability to achieve our objectives and our results of operations may be negatively impacted thereby impairing our investment. additionally, any event having a negative financial, operational or reputational impact on any of our joint venture counterparties may also negatively affect our results of operations in the joint venture investment.
risks relating to legal entity reorganizations in addition, we may reorganize or consolidate the legal entities through which we conduct business. the implementation of legal entity reorganizations is a complex undertaking and involves a number of risks similar to those outlined above that are present in the case of an acquisition, including additional costs and expenses, information technology-related delays and problems, loss of key personnel and distraction of management. for example, over the past several years, we have pursued three significant reorganizations. in 2015 and 2016, we substantially completed a reorganization of many of our foreign entities under a single holding company, in 2017, we effected the separation, and in 2018, we announced plans to merge our subsidiary general american life insurance company with and into another subsidiary, metropolitan tower life insurance company. many aspects of these types of transactions are subject to regulatory approvals from a number of different jurisdictions. we may not obtain needed regulatory approvals in the timeframe anticipated or at all, which could reduce or prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of these transactions. these transactions or the related regulatory approvals may entail modifications of certain aspects of our operations, the composition of certain of our investment portfolios, and/or the cost of our derivatives hedging activities, which could result in additional costs or reduce net investment income. these transactions are often effected to achieve certain operational, capital or tax benefits and to the extent not realized could affect the ongoing value and financial results of such entities. any of these risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may not achieve expected benefits of the separation and will have equity market exposure to brighthouse we believe that the separation allows us and brighthouse to pursue distinct strategies appropriate to our respective markets. however, there can be no assurance that we will realize any or all of the expected strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the separation. a failure to realize expected benefits of the separation could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we continue to have a significant equity ownership position in brighthouse, and changes in the market price of brighthouse common stock may have a material impact on us.
we may be subject to claims by plaintiffs in the event that brighthouse is not successful as a standalone entity we cannot guarantee that brighthouse will be successful as a standalone entity. in the event that brighthouse is not successful, it is possible that plaintiffs could assert a variety of claims against us. depending on their nature and number, such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we could be exposed to claims from brighthouse or third parties under our agreements with brighthouse or otherwise we have entered into agreements with brighthouse and its subsidiaries, including among others a master separation agreement, registration rights agreement, transition services agreement, investment management agreements, investment finance services agreements, tax receivables agreement, tax separation agreement and intellectual property license agreement. our agreements with brighthouse or its subsidiaries may not reflect terms that would have resulted from negotiations between unaffiliated parties and, in certain instances, may relate to the continuation of certain business arrangements among us and brighthouse in existence prior to the separation. such agreements include, among other things, the parties' respective indemnification rights and obligations with respect to certain losses relating to specified liabilities as well as certain losses relating to specified information included in certain securities filings, the allocations of assets and liabilities, payment obligations and other obligations between us and brighthouse. there can be no assurance that any remedies available under these arrangements will be sufficient to compensate us in the event of a dispute or non-performance. in addition, there can be no assurance that the attention we must pay, and resources we must devote, to our obligations under one or more of these agreements, or the results of any failure to perform those obligations, or successful claim by brighthouse that we have failed to perform those obligations or have an indemnification obligation under these agreements, will not have a material impact on our own business performance, results of operations or financial condition.
under the master separation agreement, brighthouse has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. however, in certain instances, the indemnity from brighthouse may be insufficient to fully protect us from such liabilities, and third parties may also seek to hold us responsible for liabilities not intended to be covered by the indemnity from brighthouse. additionally, under the tax separation agreement, brighthouse could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify us against certain tax-related liabilities to the extent those liabilities result from an action or breach of the tax separation agreement by brighthouse. brighthouse may be unable to satisfy or have an adverse interpretation of or object to its indemnification obligations to us under one or more of these agreements and the underlying liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
the transition services agreement provides for the performance of certain services by each of metlife and brighthouse, or their respective subsidiaries, for the benefit of the other. the investment management agreements and investment finance services agreements provide for the performance by us of certain services for brighthouse. further, under the tax receivables agreement, brighthouse is expected to pay us certain tax benefits it realizes as a result of certain transactions involved in the separation. we will rely on brighthouse to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these and all other agreements entered into in connection with the separation. if brighthouse fails to satisfy such obligations it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
if the spin-off distribution were to fail to qualify for non-recognition treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes, then we and our shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities prior to the spin-off distribution, we received a private letter ruling from the irs regarding certain significant issues under the code, as well as an opinion from tax counsel that the distribution qualified for non-recognition of gain or loss to us and our shareholders pursuant to sections 355 and 361 of the code, except to the extent of cash received in lieu of fractional shares, each subject to the accuracy of and compliance with certain representations, assumptions and covenants therein.
notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the tax opinion, the irs could determine that the distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction, for example, if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or covenants on which the private letter ruling is based are untrue or have been violated. similarly, the irs could determine that our disposal of (and metlife, inc. shareholders' receipt of) brighthouse common stock in the potential exchange offer should be treated as a taxable transaction to both metlife, inc. and the exchanging shareholders. furthermore, as part of the irs's policy, the irs did not determine whether the distribution or potential exchange offer satisfies certain conditions that are necessary to qualify for non-recognition treatment. rather, the private letter ruling is based on representations by us and brighthouse that these conditions have been satisfied. the tax opinion addressed the satisfaction of these conditions. if we do not divest our retained brighthouse common stock in a timely manner, through an exchange offer for metlife, inc. common stock or otherwise, the ultimate disposition of these shares would likely be a taxable transaction for metlife, inc.
the tax opinion is not binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or a court will not take a contrary position. in addition, the tax counsel relied on certain representations and covenants delivered by us and brighthouse.
if the irs ultimately determines that the distribution is taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain to metlife shareholders who received shares of brighthouse stock in the distribution for u.s. federal income tax purposes, and such shareholders could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. in addition, if the irs ultimately determines that the distribution is taxable, we and brighthouse could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities, and either we or brighthouse could have an indemnification obligation to the other, depending on the circumstances. similarly, a potential exchange offer could be treated as a taxable transaction for both us and the exchanging shareholders.
we have agreed to certain restrictions to preserve the non-recognition tax treatment of the transactions, which may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility even if the spin-off distribution otherwise qualifies for non-recognition of gain or loss under section 355 of the code, it may be taxable to us, but not our shareholders, under section 355(e) of the code if 50% or more (by vote or value) of our common stock or brighthouse's common stock is acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the distribution. for this purpose, any acquisitions of our or brighthouse' s common stock within two years before or after the distribution are presumed to be part of such a plan, although we or brighthouse may be able to rebut that presumption based on either applicable facts and circumstances or a "safe harbor" described in the tax regulations. therefore, under the tax separation agreement with brighthouse, we are restricted from certain activities and have indemnity obligations which may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business, and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our shareholders may consider favorable. any payments required under these indemnity obligations could be significant and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
capital-related risks legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish the declaration and payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by the board. there is no requirement or assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends. see "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth."
in addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock is subject to restrictions under the terms of our preferred stock, junior subordinated debentures and trust securities. these instruments have so called "dividend stopper" provisions for situations where we may be experiencing financial stress. "junior subordinated debentures" include metlife's fixed-to-floating exchangeable surplus trust securities, which are exchangeable for junior subordinated debentures, and which contain terms with the same substantive effects for these purposes as do the terms of metlife, inc.'s junior subordinated debentures. in addition, our ability to pay dividends on our preferred stock and interest on our junior subordinated debentures is also restricted by the terms of those securities.
we may also be restricted from time to time in our ability to repurchase shares or to enter into share repurchase programs under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act. that rule requires, among other things, that we establish any share repurchase program in good faith at a time when we are not aware of any material non-public information in order for us to have an affirmative defense against accusations of insider trading. therefore, we may be unable to repurchase shares or to enter into share repurchase programs during various periods of time, including periods of significant corporate reorganization such as a spin-off or a sale of a substantial portion of the company.
regulatory restrictions metlife, inc. may not be able to pay dividends if it does not receive sufficient funds from its operating subsidiaries, which are themselves subject to separate regulatory restrictions on their ability to pay dividends. see "- as a holding company, metlife, inc. depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow." see also "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth," and "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - holding company regulation."
"dividend stopper" provisions in our preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures certain terms of our preferred stock and our junior subordinated debentures may prevent us from repurchasing our common stock or paying dividends on our common stock in certain circumstances. metlife, inc. also has entered into certain replacement capital covenants. these covenants limit our ability to eliminate these restrictions through the repayment, redemption or purchase of preferred stock or junior subordinated debentures by requiring metlife, with some limitations, to receive cash proceeds during a specified period from the sale of specified replacement securities prior to any repayment, redemption or purchase. see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of such covenants in effect with respect to junior subordinated debentures.
if we have not paid the full dividends on our preferred stock for the latest completed dividend period, we may not repurchase or pay dividends on our common stock during a dividend period. under our junior subordinated debentures, if we have not paid in full the accrued interest through the most recent interest payment date on our junior subordinated debentures, we may not repurchase or pay dividends on our common stock or other capital stock (including the preferred stock), subject to certain exceptions.
trigger events for the restrictions on the payment of dividends on our preferred stock and restrictions on the payment of interest on our junior subordinated debentures in addition, the preferred stock and the junior subordinated debentures contain provisions that would automatically suspend the payment of preferred stock dividends and interest on junior subordinated debentures if metlife, inc. fails to meet certain tests ("trigger events"). in such cases, and subject to the terms of the instruments, metlife, inc. could make payments up to the amount of net proceeds from sales of (i) common stock during the 90 days preceding the dividend declaration date or (ii) common stock or certain kinds of warrants to purchase common stock generally during the 180 days prior to the interest payment date (the "new equity proceeds"). if the new equity proceeds were insufficient to make such payments, the "dividend stopper" provisions would come into effect and we would be unable to repurchase or pay dividends on our common stock.
   the rbc ratio of metlife's largest u.s. insurance subsidiaries in the aggregate (as defined in the applicable instrument) were to be less than 175% of the company action level based on the subsidiaries' prior year annual financial statements filed (generally around march 1) with state insurance commissioners; or
   at the end of a quarter ("final quarter end test date"), consolidated gaap net income for the four-quarter period ending two quarters before such quarter-end (the "preliminary quarter end test date") is zero or a negative amount and the consolidated gaap stockholders' equity, minus aoci (the "adjusted stockholders' equity amount"), as of the final quarter end test date and the preliminary quarter end test date, declined by 10% or more from (a) its level 10 quarters before the final quarter end test date (the "benchmark quarter end test date"), for benchmark quarter end test dates after august 4, 2017 (the date of the separation), or (b) $49,282,000,000, the consolidated gaap stockholders' equity, minus aoci as of june 30, 2017 as reported on a pro forma basis reflecting the separation in metlife's form 8-k filed with the sec on august 9, 2017, for benchmark quarter end test dates prior to august 4, 2017.
once a trigger event occurs for a final quarter end test date, the suspension of payments of dividends and interest (in the absence of sufficient new equity proceeds) would continue until there is no trigger event at a subsequent final quarter end test date, and, if the test in the second paragraph above caused the trigger event, the adjusted stockholders' equity amount is no longer 10% or more below its level at the benchmark quarter end test date that is associated with the trigger event. in the case of successive trigger events, the suspension would continue until metlife satisfies these conditions for each of the trigger events.
dividends on our preferred stock are subject to declaration by our board of directors in addition, dividends on our preferred stock are subject to declaration each quarter by our board of directors. if our board of directors does not declare dividends on the preferred stock for any quarterly dividend period, the "dividend stopper" provisions in our preferred stock would prevent us from repurchasing or paying dividends on our common stock for that period.
optional deferral of interest on the junior subordinated debentures the junior subordinated debentures provide that we may, at our option and provided that certain conditions are met, defer payment of interest without giving rise to an event of default for periods of up to 10 years. in that case, after five years metlife, inc. would be obligated to use commercially reasonable efforts to sell equity securities to raise proceeds to pay the interest. we would not be subject to limitations on the number of deferral periods that we could begin, so long as all accrued and unpaid interest is paid with respect to prior deferral periods. if we were to defer payments of interest, the "dividend stopper" provisions in the junior subordinated debentures would thus prevent us from repurchasing or paying dividends on our common stock or other capital stock (including the preferred stock) during the period of deferral, subject to exceptions.
see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about these restrictions.
as a holding company, metlife, inc. depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow metlife, inc. is a holding company for its insurance and financial subsidiaries and does not have any significant operations of its own. dividends from its subsidiaries and permitted payments to it under its tax sharing agreement with its subsidiaries are its principal sources of cash to meet its obligations and to pay preferred and common stock dividends. if the cash metlife, inc. receives from its subsidiaries is insufficient for it to fund its debt service and other holding company obligations, metlife, inc. may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt, the issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets.
the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. by its u.s. insurance subsidiaries is regulated by insurance laws and regulations. in general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits require insurance regulatory approval. in addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of dividends or other payments by its insurance subsidiaries to metlife, inc. if they determine that the payment could be adverse to our policyholders or contractholders. the payment of dividends and other distributions by insurance companies is also influenced by business conditions and rating agency considerations. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries." see also "- regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth."
any payment of interest, dividends, distributions, loans or advances by our foreign subsidiaries and branches to metlife, inc. could be subject to taxation, insurance regulatory or other restrictions on dividends or repatriation of earnings under applicable law, monetary transfer restrictions and foreign currency exchange regulations in the jurisdiction in which such foreign subsidiaries operate. see "business - regulation - international regulation" and "- risks related to our business - our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability."
from time to time, metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries may establish net worth maintenance or other support agreements with other subsidiaries. those commitments may limit such supported subsidiary's ability to pay metlife, inc. dividends, or require metlife, inc. or another subsidiary to transfer capital to such supported subsidiary, in either case limiting capital that is available for other purposes. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
dividends from operating subsidiaries are a major component of holding company free cash flow. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - non-gaap and other financial disclosures." if metlife, inc.'s operating subsidiaries were unable to make expected dividend payments to metlife, inc., we may be unable to meet our free cash flow goals and our ability to distribute cash to shareholders could be adversely affected.
operational risks our risk management policies and procedures or our models may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could negatively affect our business our enterprise risk management program is designed to mitigate material risks and loss to the company. we have developed and continue to develop our risk management policies and procedures to reflect the ongoing review of our risks and expect to continue to do so in the future. nonetheless, our policies and procedures may not be comprehensive and may not identify every risk to which we are exposed. many of our methods for managing risk and exposures are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior to model or project potential future exposure.
models used by our business are based on assumptions, projections and data which may be inaccurate. business or other decisions, including determination of reserves, based on incorrect or misused model output and reports could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. model risk may be the result of a model being misspecified for its intended purpose, being misused or producing incorrect or inappropriate results. models used by our business may not operate properly and could contain errors related to model inputs, data, assumptions, calculations, or output. we perform model reviews that could give rise to adjustments to models that may adversely impact our results of operations. additionally, our model review process may not adequately identify or remediate errors in or related to our models. as a result, our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience, which may have a material impact on our business, reputation, results of operations or financial condition.
other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. this information may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. furthermore, there can be no assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will follow our risk management policies and procedures, nor can there be any assurance that our risk management policies and procedures will enable us to accurately identify all risks and limit our exposures based on our assessments. in addition, we may have to implement more extensive and perhaps different risk management policies and procedures under pending regulations. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation," "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers" and "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
we are highly dependent on our ability to process a large number of complex transactions across our businesses. the large number of transactions we process makes it possible that errors will occasionally occur, and the controls and procedures we have in place to prevent such errors may not be entirely effective. the occurrence of mistakes, particularly significant ones, can subject us to claims from our customers and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we are dependent on our group product customers or their employees for certain information to accurately review and pay claims on many of our products. if we are unable to obtain necessary and accurate information from our customers, we may be unable provide coverage and to pay claims, or we may pay claims without accurate or complete documentation, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, or financial condition.
from time to time, we rely on vendors or other service providers for services related to the administration of our products, investment management, or other business operations. to the extent our efforts to ensure such vendors' controls meet our standards are inadequate, our vendors fail to perform their services accurately or timely, the exchange of information between us and our vendors is imperfect, or our vendors suffer financial or reputational distress, any errors or misconduct that result could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, or financial condition.
the continued threat of terrorism and ongoing military actions may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and the level of claim losses we incur the continued threat of terrorism, both within the u.s. and abroad, ongoing military and other actions and heightened security measures in response to these types of threats may cause significant volatility in global financial markets and result in loss of life, property damage, additional disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. the value of assets in our investment portfolio may be adversely affected by declines in the credit and equity markets and reduced economic activity caused by the continued threat of terrorism. companies in which we maintain investments may suffer losses as a result of financial, commercial or economic disruptions and such disruptions might affect the ability of those companies to pay interest or principal on their securities or mortgage loans. terrorist actions also could disrupt our operations centers in the u.s. or abroad and result in higher than anticipated claims under our insurance policies. see "- economic environment and capital markets-related risks - difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations."
the failure in cyber- or other information security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning, could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to our reputation and impairment of our ability to conduct business effectively our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. we rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims, transactions and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses and maintaining financial records. we also retain confidential and proprietary information on our computer systems and we rely on sophisticated technologies to maintain the security of that information. our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized or fraudulent access, cyberattacks or other computer-related penetrations. publicly reported cyber-security threats and incidents have increased over recent periods. the administrative and technical controls and other preventive actions we take to reduce the risk of cyber-incidents and protect our information technology may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks, compromised credentials, fraud, other security breaches or other unauthorized access to our computer systems. in some cases, such physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks, compromised credentials, fraud, other security breaches or other unauthorized access may not be immediately detected. this may impede or interrupt our business operations and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the availability and cost of insurance for operational and other risks relating to our business and systems may change and any such change may affect our results of operations.
in the event of a disaster such as a natural catastrophe, epidemic, industrial accident, blackout, computer virus, terrorist attack, cyberattack or war, unanticipated problems with our disaster recovery systems could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial position, particularly if those problems affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy valuable data. in addition, in the event that a significant number of our managers, or employees generally, were unavailable following a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be severely compromised. these interruptions also may interfere with our suppliers' ability to provide goods and services and our employees' ability to perform their job responsibilities.
the failure of our computer systems and/or our disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to our customers. such a failure could harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory investigations and sanctions, expose us to legal claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. although we conduct due diligence, negotiate contractual provisions and, in many cases, conduct periodic reviews of our vendors, distributors, and other third parties that provide operational or information technology services to us to confirm compliance with metlife's information security standards, the failure of such third parties' computer systems and/or their disaster recovery plans for any reason might cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to our customers. such a failure could harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and legal claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. while we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party liability coverages, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect us against all losses. metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries maintain a primary cybersecurity and privacy liability insurance policy with a limit of $15 million, and have additional coverage for cybersecurity and privacy liability available under blended professional liability excess coverage policies with a total limit of $210 million. there can be no assurance that our information security policies and systems in place can prevent unauthorized access use or disclosure of confidential information, including nonpublic personal information, nor can we be certain that we will be able to reliably access all of the documents and records in the information storage systems we use, whether electronic or physical. in some circumstances, we may fail to obtain or maintain all of the records we need to accurately and timely administer, and establish appropriate reserves for benefits and claims with respect to, our products, which failure could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations or our financial condition.
we are continuously evaluating and enhancing systems and creating new systems and processes as our business depends on our ability to maintain and improve our technology systems. due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems and processes, these changes, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new threats, increase the risk of a system or process failure or the creation of a gap in our security measures. any such failure or gap could adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations or financial condition.
any failure to protect the confidentiality of client information could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations pursuant to u.s. federal and state laws, and laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate, various government agencies have established rules protecting the privacy and security of personal information. in addition, most u.s. states and a number of jurisdictions outside the united states have enacted laws, which vary significantly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, to safeguard the privacy and security of personal information. the area of cybersecurity has also come under increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. on march 1, 2017, new york's cybersecurity regulation for financial services institutions, including banking and insurance entities, became effective, and on october 24, 2017, the naic adopted the insurance data security model law, which, if adopted as state legislation, would establish standards for data security and for the investigation of and notification of insurance commissioners of cybersecurity events. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation - cybersecurity regulation." many of the associates who conduct our business have access to, and routinely process, personal information of clients through a variety of media, including information technology systems. we rely on various internal processes and controls to protect the confidentiality of client information that is accessible to, or in the possession of, our company and our associates. it is possible that an associate could, intentionally or unintentionally, disclose or misappropriate confidential client information or our data could be the subject of a cybersecurity attack. if we fail to maintain adequate internal controls or if our associates fail to comply with our policies and procedures, misappropriation or intentional or unintentional inappropriate disclosure or misuse of client information could occur. such internal control inadequacies or non-compliance could materially damage our reputation or lead to regulatory, civil or criminal investigations and penalties, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we analyze customer data to better manage our business. there has been increased scrutiny, including from u.s. state and federal regulators, regarding the use of "big data" techniques such as price optimization. we cannot predict what, if any, actions may be taken with regard to "big data," but any inquiries could cause reputational harm and any limitations could have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our associates may take excessive risks which could negatively affect our financial condition and business as an insurance enterprise, we are in the business of accepting certain risks. the associates who conduct our business, including executive officers and other members of management, sales managers, investment professionals, product managers, sales agents, wholesalers, underwriters, and other associates, do so in part by making decisions and choices that involve exposing us to risk. these include decisions such as setting underwriting guidelines and standards, product design and pricing, determining what assets to purchase for investment and when to sell them, which business opportunities to pursue, and other decisions. we endeavor, in the design and implementation of our compensation programs and practices, to avoid giving our associates incentives to take excessive risks; however, associates may take such risks regardless of the structure of our compensation programs and practices. similarly, although we employ controls and procedures designed to monitor associates' business decisions and prevent us from taking excessive risks, and to prevent employee misconduct, these controls and procedures may not be effective. if our associates take excessive risks, the impact of those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations.
technological changes may present new and increased challenges to our business recent and future changes in technology may present us with new challenges and may intensify many of the challenges that we already face. for example, as a result of the availability of new technological tools for data collection and analysis, we have access to an increasing amount of data, from an increasing variety of sources, regarding deaths of our policyholders and annuitants. we may be unable to accurately or completely process this increased volume of information within the time periods required by applicable standards. furthermore, the additional information that we obtain as a result of technological improvements may require us to modify our assumptions, models, or reserves. changes in technology related to collection and analysis of data regarding customers could, in these ways or others, expose us to regulatory or legal actions and may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. see "- risks related to our business - differences between actual claims experience and underwriting and reserving assumptions may adversely affect our financial results."
technological changes may also impact the ways in which we interact with our customers. as technology evolves, customers may expect increased choices in the ways in which they interact with us. we may also be required to redesign certain of our products to meet changing customer preferences. our distribution channels may become more automated in order to provide customers with increased flexibility to access our services and products at times and places of their choosing. such changes may require significant costs to implement. if we are unsuccessful in implementing such changes, our competitive position may be harmed and our relationships with our distribution partners may suffer. see "- risks related to our business - competitive factors may adversely affect our market share and profitability" and "- general risks - we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our distribution channels."
technological advances may also impact the composition and results of our investment portfolio. for example, changes in energy technology may impact the relative attractiveness of investments in a variety of energy sources, and increasing consumer preferences for e-commerce may negatively impact the profitability of retail and commercial real estate. if we are unable to adjust our investments in reaction to such changes, our results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
advances in medical technology may also adversely affect us. improvements in medical technologies that extend lives may require us to modify our assumptions, models, or reserves. additionally, increases in the prevalence and accuracy of genetic testing, or legislation or regulation regarding the use by insurers of information produced by such testing, may exacerbate adverse selection risks. such changes in medical technologies may thus have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
general risks metlife, inc.'s board of directors may influence the outcome of stockholder votes on many matters due to the voting provisions of the metlife policyholder trust under the plan of reorganization, we established the metlife policyholder trust to hold the shares of metlife, inc. common stock allocated to eligible policyholders not receiving cash or policy credits under the plan. as of february 16, 2018, the trust held 154,420,615 shares, or 14.9%, of the outstanding shares of metlife, inc. common stock. because of voting provisions of the trust and the number of shares held by it, the trust may affect the outcome of matters brought to a stockholder vote. except on votes regarding certain fundamental corporate actions described below, the trustee will vote all of the shares of common stock held in the trust in accordance with the recommendations given by metlife, inc.'s board of directors to its stockholders or, if the board gives no such recommendations, as directed by the board. as a result of the voting provisions of the trust, the board of directors may be able to influence the outcome of votes on matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, excluding certain fundamental corporate actions, so long as the trust holds a substantial number of shares of common stock.
if the vote relates to fundamental corporate actions specified in the trust, the trustee will solicit instructions from the trust beneficiaries and vote all shares held in the trust in proportion to the instructions it receives. these actions include:
   an election or removal of directors in which a stockholder has properly nominated one or more candidates in opposition to a nominee or nominees of metlife, inc.'s board of directors or a vote on a stockholder's proposal to oppose a board nominee for director, remove a director for cause or fill a vacancy caused by the removal of a director by stockholders, subject to certain conditions;
   a merger or consolidation, a sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the assets, or a recapitalization or dissolution, of metlife, inc., in each case requiring a vote of stockholders under applicable delaware law;
   any transaction that would result in an exchange or conversion of shares of common stock held by the trust for cash, securities or other property; and
   any proposal requiring metlife, inc.'s board of directors to amend or redeem the rights under metlife, inc.'s stockholder rights plan, other than a proposal with respect to which we have received advice of nationally-recognized legal counsel to the effect that the proposal is not a proper subject for stockholder action under delaware law. metlife, inc. does not currently have a stockholder rights plan.
if a vote concerns any of these fundamental corporate actions, the trustee will vote all of the shares of common stock held by the trust in proportion to the instructions it received, which will give disproportionate weight to the instructions actually given by trust beneficiaries.
the metlife policyholder trust agreement provides that we may terminate the trust once the percentage of outstanding shares held in the trust falls to 25%. the winding up of the trust must commence 90 days after we provide the trustee with notice that the percentage of outstanding shares held in the trust is 10% or less. in connection with any termination of the trust, all of the shares of common stock then held in the trust will need to be distributed to the respective trust beneficiaries, unless we offer to purchase all or a portion of such trust shares. in connection with the termination of the trust and such a distribution, we may incur costs related to regulatory filings, mailings to trust beneficiaries or others, and costs related to an increase in the number of shareholders, which may include increased mailing and proxy solicitation expenses. after such a distribution, the addition of the respective trust beneficiaries to our shareholder base with full voting rights may have a significant impact on matters brought to a stockholder vote and other aspects of our corporate governance.
changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements our financial statements are subject to the application of gaap, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb"). the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our reports filed with the sec. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. an assessment of proposed standards is not provided as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and official positions of the fasb are determined only after extensive due process and deliberations. therefore, the effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. the required adoption of future accounting standards could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
changes in our assumptions regarding the discount rate, expected rate of return, mortality rates and expected increase in compensation used for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability we determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on our best estimates of future plan experience. these assumptions are reviewed regularly and include discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected increases in compensation levels and expected medical inflation. changes in these assumptions may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability. see note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for details on how changes in these assumptions would affect plan costs.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims we rely on a combination of contractual rights with third parties and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we endeavor to protect our rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. this would represent a diversion of resources that may be significant and our efforts may not prove successful. the inability to secure or protect our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete with other insurers and financial institutions.
in addition, we may be subject to claims by third parties for (i) patent, trademark or copyright infringement, (ii) breach of patent, trademark or copyright license usage rights, or (iii) misappropriation of trade secrets. any such claims or resulting litigation could result in significant expense and liability for damages. if we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property right, we could in some circumstances be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or from utilizing and benefiting from certain patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses. alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties or implement a costly alternative. any of these scenarios could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our distribution channels since the completion of the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture in july 2016, we primarily distribute our products through a variety of third-party distribution channels. we may periodically negotiate the terms of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us or such third parties. an interruption in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. distributors may elect to suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us for various reasons, including changes in our distribution strategy, adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. we are also at risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, or that new distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. consolidation of distributors and/or other industry changes may also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us.
when our products are distributed through unaffiliated firms, we may not be able to monitor or control the manner of their distribution despite our training and compliance programs. if our products are distributed by such firms in an inappropriate manner, or to customers for whom they are unsuitable, we may suffer reputational and other harm to our business.
state laws, federal laws, our certificate of incorporation and our by-laws may delay, deter or prevent takeovers and business combinations that stockholders might consider in their best interests state laws, federal laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests. for instance, such restrictions may prevent stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium over the market price of metlife, inc.'s common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of metlife, inc.'s common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future.
   applicable state insurance laws and regulations may delay or impede a business combination involving us by prohibiting an entity from acquiring control (generally presumed to exist at direct or indirect ownership of 10% or more of voting stock) of an insurance company domiciled in the united states without the prior approval of the domestic insurance regulator. many foreign jurisdictions in which we operate have similar regulatory approval requirements.
   if the acquiring entity is a bank or non-bank sifi, dodd-frank provisions that restrict or impede consolidations, mergers and acquisitions by systemically significant firms.
   provisions of the delaware general corporation law may affect the ability of an "interested stockholder" (the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of a corporation) to engage in certain business combinations for a period of three years following the time that the stockholder becomes an "interested stockholder."
in addition, metlife, inc.'s certificate of incorporation and by-laws also contain provisions that may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that stockholders might consider in their best interests or may otherwise adversely affect prevailing market prices for metlife, inc.'s common stock. these provisions include: a prohibition on the calling of special meetings or action by written consent by stockholders; and advance notice procedures for the nomination of candidates to the board of directors and stockholder proposals to be considered at stockholder meetings.
a majority of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors may amend metlife, inc.'s certificate of incorporation or by-laws. this may allow shareholders to change the company's corporate governance and, therefore, make it more difficult for the board of directors to protect shareholders' interests, e.g., if they are presented with an acquisition proposal that undervalues the company.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page forward-looking statements and other financial information     86
summary of critical accounting estimates                       98
economic capital                                              106
acquisitions and dispositions                                 106
policyholder liabilities                                      156
liquidity and capital resources                               164
forward-looking statements and other financial information for purposes of this discussion, "metlife," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" refer to metlife, inc., a delaware corporation incorporated in 1999, its subsidiaries and affiliates. following this summary is a discussion addressing the consolidated results of operations and financial condition of the company for the periods indicated. this discussion should be read in conjunction with "note regarding forward-looking statements," "risk factors," "selected financial data," "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" and the company's consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein.
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations may contain or incorporate by reference information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements give expectations or forecasts of future events. these statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. they use words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will be," "will not," and other words and terms of similar meaning, or are tied to future periods, in connection with a discussion of future financial performance. in particular, these include statements relating to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, trends in operations and financial results. any or all forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. see "note regarding forward-looking statements."
this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations includes references to our performance measures, adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, that are not based on gaap. these measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also our gaap measure of segment performance. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. forward-looking guidance provided on a non-gaap basis cannot be reconciled to the most directly comparable gaap measures on a forward-looking basis because net income may fluctuate significantly if net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses move outside of estimated ranges. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for definitions and a discussion of these measures, and "- results of operations" for reconciliations of historical non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
executive summary overview metlife is one of the world's leading financial services companies, providing insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. metlife is organized into five segments: u.s.; asia; latin america; emea; and metlife holdings. in addition, the company reports certain of its results of operations in corporate & other. see "business - segments and corporate & other" and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the company's segments and corporate & other. management continues to evaluate the company's segment performance and allocated resources and may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability.
group annuity reserves, assumed variable annuity guarantee reserves and other revisions on december 15, 2017, the company announced that it was undertaking a review of practices and procedures used to estimate its reserves related to certain ris group annuitants who have been unresponsive or missing over time. as a result of this process, the company increased reserves by $510 million, before income tax, to reinstate reserves previously released, and to reflect accrued interest and other related liabilities. of the increase of $510 million ($331 million, net of income tax), $138 million ($90 million, net of income tax) was incurred in 2017 and $372 million ($241 million, net of income tax) was considered an error and, recording this amount in the fourth quarter of 2017 financial statements would have had a material effect on the results of operations for 2017. approximately 25 years ago, companies that are or have been metlife, inc. subsidiaries established a practice of releasing the full insurance liability after two attempts at contacting these annuitants, based on the presumption that these annuitants would never respond and had not become entitled to benefits based on certain contractual provisions. the number of impacted annuitants for whom the company released the full insurance liability was no more than 1,000 in any one year, and over the entire period totaled approximately 13,500 as of december 31, 2017, which is approximately 2% of the total group annuitant population.
further, an additional internal review of practices and procedures was completed in early 2018, focusing on the calculation of certain reserves associated with metlife holdings variable annuity guarantees assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan. as a result, the company reduced these reserves by $896 million ($582 million, net of income tax). of this amount, $214 million ($139 million, net of income tax) was incurred in 2017 and $682 million ($443 million, net of income tax) was considered an error. recording this amount in the fourth quarter of 2017 financial statements would have had a material effect on the results of operations for 2017. metlife uses a valuation model to estimate the fair value of the embedded derivative portion of this reserve. in reviewing the model inputs, the company determined that customer withdrawals were not properly incorporated into this valuation model, resulting in an overstatement of the reserve.
as a result of these adjustments, amounts previously reported have been immaterially restated. in addition, the company has corrected other unrelated immaterial errors which were previously recorded in the periods the company identified them.
management, in consultation with the audit committee of metlife, inc.'s board of directors, had identified material weaknesses in the company's internal control over financial reporting related to certain ris group annuity reserves and assumed variable annuity guarantee reserves. see "risk factors" and "controls and procedures" for further information, as well as note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding prior period revisions related to the company's consolidated results.
the impact of u.s. tax reform was a net benefit of $1.3 billion in 2017. u.s. gaap requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. as a result, in the fourth quarter of 2017 the company revalued its net u.s. deferred tax liability to the new corporate tax rate of 21%, resulting in a one-time benefit of $1.5 billion. additionally, the company also recorded a one-time charge of $170 million related to the deemed repatriation of untaxed accumulated foreign earnings. given the complexities of u.s. tax reform, amounts recorded may change, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in interpretations and assumptions made by the company, additional guidance that may be issued and actions that the company may take. see note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of u.s. tax reform and the impact to the company in the fourth quarter of 2017. see also "- consolidated company outlook" for a discussion of u.s. tax reform's projected near-term impacts to the company.
separation of brighthouse on august 4, 2017, metlife, inc. completed the separation. metlife, inc. retained the remaining ownership interest of 22,996,436 shares, or 19.2%, of brighthouse financial, inc. common stock outstanding. the separation resulted in the elimination of the brighthouse financial segment. the results of brighthouse are reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations and, therefore, are presented as assets and liabilities of disposed subsidiary on the consolidated balance sheets and income (loss) from discontinued operations on the consolidated statements of operations. the reporting of discontinued operations had no impact on total consolidated assets or liabilities or on total consolidated net income (loss) for any of the years presented. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
current year highlights during the year ended december 31, 2017, overall sales increased compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, reflecting improved sales in our ris and group benefits businesses, as well as in the majority of our segments abroad, largely offset by declines in sales of our u.s. life and annuity products due to the discontinued marketing of these products in connection with the separation. u.s. tax reform positively impacted net income in 2017. in addition, while positive net flows drove an increase in our investment portfolio, investment yields were down despite improved equity market performance. results improved due to the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review. an unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) was primarily the result of losses recognized in connection with the separation. despite the 2017 loss on separation, income (loss) from discontinued operations increased due to significant net derivative losses in 2016.
(2) consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is our gaap measure of segment performance. see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures."
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
                                           net tax-related benefit of $1.3 billion due to u.s. tax reform
(1) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
                                           results of operations positively impacted by annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse, the impact of 2017 and 2016 refinements made to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities and the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of u.s. tax reform and other tax items
                                                                                                       net tax charges of $139 million consisting of (i) a $180 million net tax charge related to the repatriation of approximately $3.0 billion of cash following the post-separation review of our capital needs, partially offset by a tax benefit associated with dividends from our non-u.s. operations, and (ii) a $41 million tax benefit from the finalization of certain tax audits
                                                                                                       a $102 million, net of income tax, increase in expenses associated with our previously announced unit cost initiative
                                                                                                       a $73 million, net of income tax, charge for expenses incurred related to a guaranty fund assessment for penn treaty network america insurance company ("penn treaty") and increases in asbestos and litigation reserves
                                                                                                       a benefit of $12 million, net of income tax, related to a refinement to prior period reinsurance receivables in australia
                                                                                                       tax benefit of $25 million related to a change in tax rate in japan, which includes a benefit of $20 million that pertains to prior periods
                                                                                                       a $23 million, net of income tax, charge for an increase in litigation reserves
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
                                            unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) of $1.3 billion ($857 million, net of income tax) primarily driven by the impact of our variable annuity hedging program
                                            results for 2016 include the financial impact of converting the company's japan operations to calendar year-end reporting without retrospective application of this change to prior years
(1) see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for reconciliations and definitions of non-gaap financial measures.
                                            results of operations impacted by: (i) higher net investment income from portfolio growth; (ii) lower tax and related interest expense; (iii) lower investment yields; (iv) refinements made to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities; (v) unfavorable underwriting; (vi) the impact of affiliated reinsurance activity; and (vii) the impact of our annual actuarial assumption review.
                                                                                                                                                                                           tax benefit of $25 million related to a change in tax rate in japan, which includes a benefit of $20 million that pertains to prior periods
                                                                                                                                                                                           a $23 million, net of income tax, charge for an increase in litigation reserves
                                                                                                                                                                                           a $557 million tax charge and a $362 million ($235 million, net of income tax) charge for interest on uncertain tax positions that were recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties related to the u.s. tax treatment of taxes paid by a wholly-owned u.k. investment subsidiary of mlic
                                                                                                                                                                                           $183 million of tax benefits related to (i) restructuring in chile; (ii) a change in tax rate in japan; (iii) the repatriation of earnings from japan; and (iv) the devaluation of the peso in argentina for a more in-depth discussion of our consolidated results, see "- results of operations - consolidated results" and "- results of operations - consolidated results - adjusted earnings."
consolidated company outlook our strategy is founded on the principle of one metlife, where digital and simplified are the key enablers of our four strategic cornerstones: (i) optimizing value and risk by focusing on our businesses with higher internal rates of return, lower capital intensity, and maximum cash generation, (ii) driving operational excellence, by transforming into a high-performance operating company with a competitive cost structure, (iii) enabling our distribution channels to drive efficiency and productivity through digitalization and improved customer persistency, and (iv) undertaking a targeted approach to find the right solutions for the right customers through differentiated customer value propositions. this enterprise strategy will enhance our ability to focus on the right markets, build clear differentiators, and continue to make the right investments to deliver shareholder value.
we expect our results to be less sensitive to interest rates as we continue to position ourselves into less volatile and fee-based businesses. assuming interest rates follow the observable forward yield curves as of the year ended december 31, 2017, we expect the average ratio of free cash flow to adjusted earnings over the two-year period of 2018 and 2019 to be at the lower end of the 65% to 75% range due to timing of tax cash flows in 2018 and dependent upon a 10-year u.s. treasury rate between 1.5% and 4.0%. we believe that free cash flow is a key determinant of common share dividends and common share repurchases.
we anticipate u.s. tax reform will reduce our 2018 effective tax rate from an estimated 25% to a range of 18% to 20%. based on this change over time, we target an adjusted return on equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, of 800 to 900 basis points above the risk-free rate as measured by the 10-year u.s. treasury rate. over the longer-term, we believe this can rise to 1,000 basis points as the impact of business growth compounds and our expense initiative takes hold. these targets reflect our unit cost improvement program and the related initiative to invest $1.0 billion by 2020 to generate $800 million pre-tax run rate annual savings, net of stranded overhead. book value per share, excluding aoci other than fcta, was $42.92 as of december 31, 2017. as of january 1, 2018, we expect this amount to decrease by approximately 2% reflecting the adoption of certain new accounting pronouncements, primarily relating to the impact of u.s. tax reform. see "- overview - u.s. tax reform" for further information.
a key element of our enterprise strategy is to return excess capital to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. in 2018, we expect to complete repurchases under the current $2.0 billion metlife, inc. common stock repurchase authorization, approved by the board of directors in november 2017. as previously announced, we intend to divest our retained brighthouse common stock through an exchange offer for metlife, inc. common stock during 2018, subject to market conditions and regulatory approval. in 2018, our baseline capital management plan would result in a return of approximately $5.0 billion to common shareholders through common stock dividends, common share repurchases, and the anticipated brighthouse common stock exchange offer. any shares of metlife, inc. common stock that metlife, inc. receives in the brighthouse common stock exchange offer would be in addition to other share repurchase authorizations. common stock repurchases and exchange offers are dependent upon several factors, which could include the necessary approval of our board of directors, our capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of the related common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value and applicable regulatory approvals, as well as other legal and accounting factors.
we anticipate the net impact to holding company cash from liability management transactions to be between $1.0 billion to $2.0 billion in 2018. this is in addition to the impact to net cash due to the repayment of $1.0 billion debt maturity in december 2017. further, we plan to maintain a liquidity buffer of $3.0 to $4.0 billion of liquid assets at the holding companies.
when making these and other projections, we must rely on the accuracy of our assumptions about future economic and business conditions, which can be affected by known and unknown risks and other uncertainties. for example, given the significant complexities and uncertainties of u.s. tax reform, additional guidance from the u.s. treasury, securities and exchange commission or the financial accounting standards board may require the company to revise these estimates in future periods. see "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - u.s. tax reform could have an impact on us." in addition, the group annuity reserve increase within ris was substantially based on actuarial, legal, statistical, and other assumptions. if actual facts and factors differ from those we have assumed, the reserve established could be adversely or positively affected. for further information on this matter, see "- overview - group annuity reserves, assumed variable annuity guarantee reserves and other revisions."
other key information basis of presentation consolidation prior to january 1, 2016, certain international subsidiaries had a fiscal year cutoff of november 30th. the company's consolidated financial statements reflect the operating results of such subsidiaries for the year ended november 30, 2015. effective january 1, 2016, the company converted its japan operations to calendar year-end reporting. the company reported the cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle in net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 and did not retrospectively apply the effects of this change to prior periods. see notes 1 and 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
discontinued operations as previously discussed, the results of brighthouse are reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations. see "- overview - separation of brighthouse" and note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on discontinued operations and transactions with brighthouse.
revisions see "- overview - group annuity reserves, assumed variable annuity guarantee reserves and other revisions" and note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding prior period revisions related to the company's consolidated results.
non-bank sifi on january 23, 2018, the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit dismissed the fsoc's appeal of the district court's decision rescinding metlife, inc.'s designation as a non-bank sifi. as a result, metlife, inc.'s non-bank sifi designation remains rescinded and metlife, inc. is not subject to regulation by the federal reserve and the fdic, or to enhanced supervision and prudential standards. however, the fsoc could again seek to designate metlife, inc. as a non-bank sifi as part of its ongoing review of non-bank financial companies.
hurricanes in the third quarter of 2017, hurricanes irma and harvey made landfall in florida and texas, respectively, causing loss of life and extensive property damage. metlife's property & casualty business' gross losses from hurricanes irma and harvey were approximately $65 million, before income tax. as of december 31, 2017, we recognized total net losses related to these hurricanes of $42 million, net of income tax, which impacted the u.s. segment. additional storm-related losses may be recorded in future periods as claims are received from insureds.
financial and economic environment our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause our net investment income to vary from period to period" and "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - difficult conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations."
we have market presence in numerous countries and, therefore, our business operations are exposed to risks posed by local and regional economic conditions. see "risk factors - risks related to our business - our international operations face political, legal, operational and other risks, including exposure to local and regional economic conditions, that could negatively affect those operations or our profitability." we are closely monitoring political and/or economic conditions in the u.k., mexico, and south korea that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. for example, events following the u.k.'s referendum on june 23, 2016 and the uncertainties, including foreign currency exchange risks, associated with its pending withdrawal from the eu, have contributed to market volatility, both in the u.s. and beyond. these factors could contribute to weakening gdp growth, primarily in the u.k. and, to a lesser degree, continental europe. the magnitude and longevity of the potential negative economic impacts would depend on the detailed agreements reached by the u.k. and the eu as a result of the negotiations regarding future trade and other arrangements. see "- investments - current environment - selected country investments."
central banks around the world are using monetary policy to address regional economic conditions. for example, in the united states, citing a strengthening economy, the federal reserve board has begun its balance sheet tapering and the federal reserve board's federal open market committee has continued to increase the federal funds rate, most recently in december 2017. while the european central bank has continued to implement support measures, it is doing so at a slower place. in japan, however, the japanese government and the bank of japan are maintaining stimulus measures in order to boost inflation expectations and achieve sustainable economic growth in japan. such measures include the imposition of a negative rate on commercial bank deposits, continued government bond purchases and tax reform, including the lowering of the japanese corporate tax rate and the delay until 2019 of an increase in the consumption tax to 10%. going forward, japan's structural and demographic challenges may continue to limit its potential growth unless reforms that boost productivity are put into place. japan's high public sector debt levels are mitigated by low refinancing risks. further actions by central banks in the future may affect interest rates and risk markets in the u.s., europe, japan and other developed and emerging economies, and may ultimately result in market volatility. we cannot predict with certainty the effect of these actions or the impact on our business operations, investment portfolio or derivatives. see "- investments - current environment."
impact of a sustained low interest rate environment during periods of declining interest rates, we may have to invest insurance cash flows and reinvest the cash flows we received as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower yielding instruments. moreover, borrowers may prepay or redeem the fixed income securities, mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio with greater frequency in order to borrow at lower market rates. therefore, some of our products expose us to the risk that a reduction in interest rates will reduce the difference between the amounts that we are required to credit on contracts in our general account and the rate of return we are able to earn on investments intended to support obligations under these contracts. this difference between interest earned and interest credited, or margin, is a key metric for the management of, and reporting for, many of our businesses.
our expectations regarding future margins are an important component impacting the amortization of certain intangible assets such as dac and voba. significantly lower margins may cause us to accelerate the amortization, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period. additionally, lower margins may also impact the recoverability of intangible assets such as goodwill, require the establishment of additional liabilities or trigger loss recognition events on certain policyholder liabilities. we review this long-term margin assumption, along with other assumptions, as part of our annual actuarial assumption review.
some of our separate account products, including variable annuities, have certain minimum guarantee benefits. declining interest rates increase the reserves we need to set up to protect the guarantee benefits, thereby reducing net income in the affected reporting period.
mitigating actions the company continues to be proactive in its investment and interest crediting rate strategies, as well as its product design and product mix. to mitigate the risk of unfavorable consequences from the low interest rate environment in the u.s., the company applies disciplined asset/liability management ("alm") strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives. in some cases, the company has entered into offsetting positions as part of its overall alm strategy and to reduce volatility in net income. lowering interest crediting rates on some products, or adjusting the dividend scale on traditional products, can help offset decreases in investment margins on some products. our ability to lower interest crediting rates could be limited by competition, requirements to obtain regulatory approval, or contractual guarantees of minimum rates and may not match the timing or magnitude of changes in asset yields. as a result, our margins could decrease or potentially become negative. we are able to limit or close certain products to new sales in order to manage exposures. business actions, such as shifting the sales focus to less interest rate sensitive products, can also mitigate this risk. in addition, the company is well diversified across product, distribution, and geography. certain of our non-u.s. businesses, reported within our latin america, emea, and asia (exclusive of our japan business) segments, which accounted for approximately 26% of our adjusted earnings in 2017, are not significantly interest rate or market sensitive; in particular, they do not have any direct sensitivity to u.s. interest rates. the company's primary exposure within these segments is insurance risk. we expect our non-u.s. businesses to grow faster than our u.s. businesses and, over time, to become a larger percentage of our total business. as a result of the foregoing, the company expects to be able to substantially mitigate the negative impact of a sustained low interest rate environment in the u.s. on the company's profitability. based on a near to intermediate term analysis of a sustained lower interest rate environment in the u.s., the company anticipates adjusted earnings will continue to increase, although at a slower growth rate.
low interest rate scenario in formulating economic assumptions for its insurance contract assumptions, the company uses projections that it makes regarding interest rates. included in these assumptions is the projection that the 10-year treasury rate will rise from 2.41% at december 31, 2017 to 4.25% in 10 years, by 2027 and that 10-year yields will reach 2.61%, 2.72% and 2.80% by december 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. also included is the projection that the three-month libor rate will move from 1.69% at december 31, 2017 to 2.19%, 2.31% and 2.35% by december 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. the low interest rate scenario reflects an assumed constant 10-year treasury rate of 1.50% and a constant three-month libor rate of 0.65%, with the corresponding consensus of interest rate views and credit spreads (the "low interest rate scenario").
the following summarizes the impact of the low interest rate scenario on our u.s. dollar and non-u.s. dollar denominated positions. in addition, we have included disclosure on the potential impact on 2018, 2019 and 2020 net income using the same low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges.
the low interest rate scenario assumes three-month libor to be 0.65% and the 10-year u.s. treasury rate to be 1.50% at december 31, 2017 and remain constant at those levels until december 31, 2020. we make similar assumptions for interest rates at other maturities, and hold this interest rate curve constant through december 31, 2020. in addition, in the low interest rate scenario, we assume credit spreads remain constant from december 2017 through the end of 2020 as compared to our business plan which assumes rising credit spreads through 2018 and thereafter remaining constant through the end of 2020. further, we also include the impact of low interest rates on our pension and postretirement plan expenses. we allocate this impact across our segments and it is included in the segment discussion below. the discount rate used to value these plans is tied to high quality corporate bond yields. accordingly, an extended low interest rate environment will result in increased pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. however, these liabilities are offset by corresponding returns on the fixed income portfolio of pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets resulting in an overall decrease in expense.
hypothetical impact to adjusted earnings based on the above assumptions, we estimate an unfavorable combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact on our consolidated adjusted earnings from the low interest rate scenario of approximately $55 million in 2018, $50 million in 2019 and $260 million in 2020. under the low interest rate scenario, our long-term businesses are negatively impacted by the larger gap between new money yields and the yield on assets rolling off the portfolio. however, there are positive offsets under the low interest rate scenario as short-term rates are much lower than the business plan rates and the yield curve is steeper than that of the business plan. for example, our securities lending business performs better than our business plan because it is driven by the slope of the yield curve rather than by the level of interest rates. in addition, derivative income is higher primarily due to our receiver swaps where we receive a fixed rate and pay a floating rate. further, the favorable derivative impact under the flat rate scenario is lower in 2020 than in 2018 and 2019. this is driven by higher rates on forward derivative positions protection that begin in 2020.
hypothetical impact to our mark-to-market derivative positions in addition to its impact on adjusted earnings, we estimated the effect of the low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of our derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges. we applied the low interest rate scenario to these derivatives and compared the impact to that from interest rates in our business plan. we hold a significant position in long-duration receive-fixed interest rate swaps to hedge reinvestment risk. these swaps are most sensitive to the 30-year and 10-year swap rates and we recognize gains as rates drop and recognize losses as rates rise. this estimated impact on the derivative mark-to-market does not include that of our va program derivatives as the impact of low interest rates in the freestanding derivatives would be largely offset by the mark-to-market in net derivative gains (losses) for the related embedded derivative.
based on these additional assumptions, we estimate the combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact of the low interest rate scenario on the mark-to-market of our derivative positions that do not qualify as accounting hedges to be a decrease in net income of $74 million in 2018, $151 million in 2019 and $34 million in 2020. see "- results of operations - consolidated results" for information regarding our actual gains and losses on the company's non-va program derivatives due to interest rate changes which are included in net income.
segments and corporate & other the following discussion summarizes the impact of the above low interest rate scenario on the adjusted earnings of our segments, as well as corporate & other. see also "- policyholder liabilities - policyholder account balances" for information regarding the account values subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates.
group benefits in general, most of our group life insurance products in the u.s. segment are renewable term insurance and, therefore, have significant repricing flexibility. interest rate risk arises mainly from minimum interest rate guarantees on retained asset accounts. these accounts have minimum interest crediting rate guarantees which range from 0.5% to 3.0%. all of these account balances are currently at their respective minimum interest crediting rates and we would expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest at lower interest rates. we have used interest rate derivatives to partially mitigate the risks of a sustained u.s. low interest rate environment. we also have exposure to interest rate risk in this business arising from our disability policy claim reserves. for these products, lower reinvestment rates cannot be offset by a reduction in liability crediting rates for established claim reserves. group disability policies are generally renewable term policies. rates may be adjusted on in-force policies at renewal based on the retrospective experience rating and current interest rate assumptions.
we estimate a favorable combined long-term and short-term interest rate impact on the adjusted earnings of our group benefits business from the low interest rate scenario of $35 million, $50 million and $20 million in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
retirement and income solutions retirement and income solutions contains both short and long-duration products consisting of capital market products, pension risk transfers, structured settlements, and other benefit funding products. the majority of short- duration products are managed on a floating rate basis, which mitigates the impact of the low interest rate environment in the u.s. the long-duration products have very predictable cash flows and we have matched these cash flows through our alm strategies. we also use interest rate swaps to help protect income in this segment against a low interest rate environment in the u.s. based on the cash flow estimates, only a small component is subject to reinvestment risk. reinvestment risk is defined for this purpose as the amount of reinvestment in 2018, 2019 and 2020 that would impact adjusted earnings due to reinvesting cash flows in the low interest rate scenario.
property & casualty the product portfolio within property & casualty is primarily made up of six-month and annual term renewable policies, which allow for significant re-pricing flexibility with no policyholder benefits tied to interest rates. as a result, the interest rate risk for the property & casualty business is minimal, tied only to our portfolio reinvestment rates and our ability to offset the change of those rates through re-pricing efforts.
asia our japan business offers traditional life insurance and accident & health products. to the extent the japan life insurance portfolio is u.s. interest rate and libor sensitive and we are unable to lower crediting rates to the customer, adjusted earnings will decline. we manage interest rate risk on our life products through a combination of product design features and alm strategies.
we sell annuities in japan which are predominantly single premium products with crediting rates set at the time of issue. this allows us to tightly manage product alm, cash flows and net spreads, thus maintaining profitability.
metlife holdings our interest rate sensitive life products include traditional and universal life products. because the majority of our traditional life insurance business is participating, we can largely offset lower investment returns on assets backing our traditional life products through adjustments to the applicable dividend scale. in our universal life products, we manage interest rate risk through a combination of product design features and alm strategies, including the use of interest rate derivative hedges. while we have the ability to lower crediting rates on certain in-force universal life policies to mitigate margin compression, such actions would be partially offset by increases in our liabilities related to policies with secondary guarantees.
in annuities, the impact on adjusted earnings from margin compression is concentrated in our deferred annuities where there are minimum interest rate guarantees. under the low interest rate scenario, we assume that a larger percentage of customers will maintain their funds with us to take advantage of the attractive minimum guaranteed crediting rates and we expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest cash flows at lower interest rates. partially offsetting this margin compression, we assume we will lower crediting rates on contractual reset dates for the portion of business that is not currently at minimum crediting rates. additionally, we have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate this risk.
long-term care and retained assets accounts are interest rate sensitive. long-term care reserves have exposure to lower reinvestment rates that cannot be offset by a reduction in liability crediting rates for established claim reserves. long-term care policies are guaranteed renewable, and rates may be adjusted on a class basis with regulatory approval to reflect emerging experience. our long-term care block is closed to new business. we review the discount rate assumptions and other assumptions associated with our long-term disability claim reserves no less frequently than annually and, with respect to interest rates, we set the discount rate on these reserves based on the prevailing interest rate environment at the time. our retained asset accounts have minimum interest crediting rate guarantees which range from 0.5% to 4.0%, all of which are currently at their respective minimum interest crediting rates. while we expect to experience margin compression as we reinvest at lower rates, the interest rate derivatives held in this portfolio should partially mitigate this risk.
reinvestment risk is defined for this purpose as the amount of reinvestment in 2018, 2019 and 2020 that would impact adjusted earnings due to reinvesting cash flows in the low interest rate scenario. for the life business, $2.4 billion, $2.7 billion and $4.4 billion in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, of the asset base will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $60.8 billion, $60.6 billion and $60.4 billion in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. for our deferred annuities business, $1.1 billion, $1.4 billion, and $1.4 billion in 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively, of the asset base will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $17.7 billion, $17.5 billion and $17.3 billion in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. for our long-term care portfolio, $0.4 billion, $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion of the asset base in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, will be subject to reinvestment risk on an average asset base of $12.1 billion, $12.7 billion and $13.4 billion in 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.
corporate & other corporate & other contains the surplus portfolios for the enterprise, the portfolios used to fund the capital needs of the company and various reinsurance agreements. the surplus portfolios are subject to reinvestment risk; however, lower net investment income is significantly offset by lower interest expense on both fixed and variable rate debt. under a lower interest rate environment, fixed rate debt is assumed to be either paid off when it matures or refinanced at a lower interest rate resulting in lower overall interest expense. variable rate debt is indexed to the three-month libor, which results in lower interest expense incurred.
competitive pressures the life insurance industry remains highly competitive. product development is focused on differentiation leading to more intense competition with respect to product features and services. several of the industry's products can be quite homogeneous and subject to intense price competition. cost reduction efforts are a priority for industry players, with benefits resulting in price adjustments to favor customers and reinvestment capacity. larger companies have the ability to invest in brand equity, product development, technology optimization, risk management, and innovation, which are among the fundamentals for sustained profitable growth in the life insurance industry. insurers are focused on their core businesses, specifically in markets where they can achieve scale. financial strength and flexibility, and technology modernization are prerequisites for sustainable growth in the life insurance industry. larger market participants tend to have the capacity to invest in analytics, distribution, and information technology and have the capability to engage with the new digital entrants. there is a shift in distribution from proprietary to third party models in mature markets, due to the lower cost structure. evolving customer expectations are having a significant impact on the competitive environment as insurers strive to offer the superior customer service demanded by an increasingly sophisticated industry client base. we believe that the continued volatility of the financial markets and its impact on the capital position of many competitors will continue to strain the competitive environment. legislative and other changes affecting the regulatory environment can also affect the competitive environment within the life insurance industry and within the broader financial services industry. see "business - regulation." we believe that the aforementioned factors have highlighted financial strength, technology efficiency, and organizational agility as the most significant differentiators and, as a result, we believe the company is well positioned to compete in this environment.
regulatory developments in the united states, our life insurance companies are regulated primarily at the state level, with some products and services also subject to federal regulation. as life insurers introduce new and often more complex products, regulators refine capital requirements and introduce new reserving standards for the life insurance industry. regulations recently adopted or currently under review can potentially impact the statutory reserve and capital requirements of the industry. see "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - our insurance, pensions and brokerage businesses are highly regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies may reduce our profitability and limit our growth." regulators have also undertaken market and sales practices reviews of several markets or products, including equity-indexed annuities, variable annuities and group products, as well as reviews of the utilization of affiliated captive reinsurers and offshore entities to reinsure insurance risks. see "business - regulation," "risk factors - risks related to our business - our statutory life insurance reserve financings may be subject to cost increases and new financings may be subject to limited market capacity," and "risk factors - regulatory and legal risks - changes in u.s. federal, state securities and state insurance laws and regulations may affect our operations and our profitability."
summary of critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the most critical estimates include those used in determining:
(i)      liabilities for future policy benefits and the accounting for reinsurance;
(ii)     capitalization and amortization of dac and the establishment and amortization of voba;
(v)      estimated fair values of freestanding derivatives and the recognition and estimated fair value of embedded derivatives requiring bifurcation;
(vii)    measurement of employee benefit plan liabilities;
(ix)     liabilities for litigation and regulatory matters.
in addition, the application of acquisition accounting requires the use of estimation techniques in determining the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed - the most significant of which relate to aforementioned critical accounting estimates. in applying these policies and estimates, management makes subjective and complex judgments that frequently require assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. many of these policies, estimates and related judgments are common in the insurance and financial services industries; others are specific to our business and operations. actual results could differ from these estimates.
liability for future policy benefits generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected premiums. such liabilities are established based on methods and underlying assumptions in accordance with gaap and applicable actuarial standards. principal assumptions used in the establishment of liabilities for future policy benefits are mortality, morbidity, policy lapse, renewal, retirement, disability incidence, disability terminations, investment returns, inflation, expenses and other contingent events as appropriate to the respective product type and geographical area. these assumptions are established at the time the policy is issued and are intended to estimate the experience for the period the policy benefits are payable. utilizing these assumptions, liabilities are established on a block of business basis. if experience is less favorable than assumed, additional liabilities may be established, resulting in a charge to policyholder benefits and claims.
future policy benefit liabilities for disabled lives are estimated using the present value of benefits method and experience assumptions as to claim terminations, expenses and interest.
liabilities for unpaid claims are estimated based upon our historical experience and other actuarial assumptions that consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs, reduced for anticipated salvage and subrogation.
future policy benefit liabilities for minimum death and income benefit guarantees relating to certain annuity contracts are based on estimates of the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account balance, recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. liabilities for ulsg and paid-up guarantees are determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits payable when the account balance is projected to be zero and recognizing those benefits ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. the assumptions used in estimating the secondary and paid-up guarantee liabilities are consistent with those used for amortizing dac, and are thus subject to the same variability and risk. the assumptions of investment performance and volatility for variable products are consistent with historical experience of the appropriate underlying equity index, such as the s&p 500 index.
we regularly review our estimates of liabilities for future policy benefits and compare them with our actual experience. differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in pricing these policies and guarantees, as well as in the establishment of the related liabilities, result in variances in profit and could result in losses.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our liability for future policy benefits.
reinsurance accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risks. we periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the aforementioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements using criteria similar to that evaluated in our security impairment process. see "- investment impairments." additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. we review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. if we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our reinsurance programs.
deferred policy acquisition costs and value of business acquired we incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. costs that relate directly to the successful acquisition or renewal of insurance contracts are capitalized as dac. in addition to commissions, certain direct-response advertising expenses and other direct costs, deferrable costs include the portion of an employee's total compensation and benefits related to time spent selling, underwriting or processing the issuance of new and renewal insurance business only with respect to actual policies acquired or renewed. we utilize various techniques to estimate the portion of an employee's time spent on qualifying acquisition activities that result in actual sales, including surveys, interviews, representative time studies and other methods. these estimates include assumptions that are reviewed and updated on a periodic basis or more frequently to reflect significant changes in processes or distribution methods.
voba represents the excess of book value over the estimated fair value of acquired insurance, annuity, and investment-type contracts in force at the acquisition date. for certain acquired blocks of business, the estimated fair value of the in-force contract obligations exceeded the book value of assumed in-force insurance policy liabilities, resulting in negative voba, which is presented separately from voba as an additional insurance liability included in other policy-related balances. the estimated fair value of the acquired obligations is based on projections, by each block of business, of future policy and contract charges, premiums, mortality and morbidity, separate account performance, surrenders, expenses, investment returns, nonperformance risk adjustment and other factors. actual experience on the purchased business may vary from these projections. the recovery of dac and voba is dependent upon the future profitability of the related business.
separate account rates of return on variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts affect in-force account balances on such contracts each reporting period, which can result in significant fluctuations in amortization of dac and voba. our practice to determine the impact of gross profits resulting from returns on separate accounts assumes that long-term appreciation in equity markets is not changed by short-term market fluctuations, but is only changed when sustained interim deviations are expected. we monitor these events and only change the assumption when our long-term expectation changes. the effect of an increase (decrease) by 100 basis points in the assumed future rate of return is reasonably likely to result in a decrease (increase) in the dac and voba amortization with an offset to our unearned revenue liability which nets to approximately $30 million. we use a mean reversion approach to separate account returns where the mean reversion period is five years with a long-term separate account return after the five-year reversion period is over. the current long-term rate of return assumption for the variable universal life contracts and variable deferred annuity contracts is 7.0%.
we periodically review long-term assumptions underlying the projections of estimated gross margins and profits. these assumptions primarily relate to investment returns, policyholder dividend scales, interest crediting rates, mortality, persistency, and expenses to administer business. assumptions used in the calculation of estimated gross margins and profits which may have significantly changed are updated annually. if the update of assumptions causes expected future gross margins and profits to increase, dac and voba amortization will decrease, resulting in a current period increase to earnings. the opposite result occurs when the assumption update causes expected future gross margins and profits to decrease.
our most significant assumption updates resulting in a change to expected future gross margins and profits and the amortization of dac and voba are due to revisions to expected future investment returns, expenses, in-force or persistency assumptions and policyholder dividends on participating traditional life contracts, variable and universal life contracts and annuity contracts. we expect these assumptions to be the ones most reasonably likely to cause significant changes in the future. changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time.
at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, dac and voba for the company was $18.4 billion, $17.6 billion and $17.4 billion, respectively. amortization of dac and voba associated with the variable and universal life and annuity contracts was significantly impacted by movements in equity markets. the following illustrates the effect on dac and voba of changing each of the respective assumptions, as well as updating estimated gross margins or profits with actual gross margins or profits during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. increases (decreases) in dac and voba balances, as presented below, resulted in a corresponding decrease (increase) in amortization.
guaranteed minimum income benefits                                 (2    )             44                  11
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2017:
-   actual gross profits increased as a result of a decrease in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in an increase of dac and voba amortization of approximately $80 million, including the impact from our nonperformance risk and risk margins in the valuation. this is more than offset by the mark-to-market losses and adjustments on the freestanding derivatives hedging such guarantee obligations which resulted in a decrease in dac and voba amortization of approximately $90 million.
-   the remainder of the impact decreased dac amortization by approximately $45 million and was attributable to 2017 investment activities.
   the change in policyholder dividends and other is primarily driven by a decrease of approximately $60 million of dac amortization resulting from the annual actuarial assumption update of the closed block, partially offset by an increase of approximately $40 million of dac amortization from the dividend scale update of the open block. in addition, dac amortization decreased by approximately $55 million due to an adjustment related to certain participating whole life business assumed from brighthouse.
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2016:
-   actual gross profits increased as a result of a decrease in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in an increase of dac and voba amortization of approximately $60 million, excluding the impact from our nonperformance risk and risk margins, which are described below. mark-to-market losses on the freestanding derivatives hedging such guarantee obligations resulted in a decrease in dac and voba amortization of approximately $180 million.
-   the company's nonperformance risk adjustment decreased the valuation of guaranteed liabilities, increased actual gross profits and increased dac and voba amortization by approximately $40 million. this is more than offset by higher risk margins, which increased the guarantee liability valuations, decreased actual gross profits and decreased dac and voba amortization by approximately $120 million.
-   the remainder of the impact decreased dac and voba amortization by approximately $30 million and was attributable to 2016 investment activities and assumption updates.
the following represent significant items contributing to the changes to dac and voba amortization in 2015:
-   actual gross profits decreased as a result of an increase in liabilities associated with guarantee obligations on variable annuities, resulting in a decrease of dac and voba amortization of approximately $90 million. mark-to-market changes on the freestanding derivatives hedging such guarantee obligations resulted in an increase in dac and voba amortization of approximately $70 million.
-   the remainder of the impact increased dac and voba amortization by approximately $170 million and was attributable to 2015 investment activities.
   better than expected persistency and updates in persistency assumptions caused an increase in actual and expected future gross profits resulting in a decrease in dac and voba amortization of approximately $110 million.
financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. our ability to sell investments, or the price ultimately realized for investments, depends upon the demand and liquidity in the market and increases the use of judgment in determining the estimated fair value of certain investments.
investment impairments one of the significant estimates related to afs securities is our impairment evaluation. the assessment of whether an other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") occurred is based on our case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in estimated fair value on a security-by-security basis. our review of each fixed maturity and equity security for otti includes an analysis of gross unrealized losses by three categories of severity and/or age of gross unrealized loss. an extended and severe unrealized loss position on a fixed maturity security may not have any impact on the ability of the issuer to service all scheduled interest and principal payments. accordingly, such an unrealized loss position may not impact our evaluation of recoverability of all contractual cash flows or the ability to recover an amount at least equal to its amortized cost based on the present value of the expected future cash flows to be collected. in contrast, for certain equity securities, greater weight and consideration are given to a decline in estimated fair value and the likelihood such estimated fair value decline will recover.
additionally, we consider a wide range of factors about the security issuer and use our best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security and in assessing the prospects for near-term recovery. inherent in our evaluation of the security are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential. factors we consider in the otti evaluation process are described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments on the remaining invested asset classes is highly subjective and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our determination of the amount of allowances and impairments.
derivatives the determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing the instruments. derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on significant inputs into the otc derivative pricing models and credit risk adjustment.
we issue variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits, some of which are embedded derivatives measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity product, with changes in estimated fair value reported in net derivative gains (losses). the estimated fair values of these embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions, including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used under which the cash flows from the guarantees are projected under multiple capital market scenarios using observable risk-free rates. the valuation of these embedded derivatives also includes an adjustment for our nonperformance risk and risk margins for non-capital market inputs. the nonperformance risk adjustment, which is captured as a spread over the risk-free rate in determining the discount rate to discount the cash flows of the liability, is determined by taking into consideration publicly available information relating to spreads in the secondary market for metlife, inc.'s debt, including related credit default swaps. these observable spreads are then adjusted, as necessary, to reflect the priority of these liabilities and the claims paying ability of the issuing insurance subsidiaries compared to metlife, inc. risk margins are established to capture the non-capital market risks of the instrument which represent the additional compensation a market participant would require to assume the risks related to the uncertainties in certain actuarial assumptions. the establishment of risk margins requires the use of significant management judgment, including assumptions of the amount and cost of capital needed to cover the guarantees.
the table below illustrates the impact that a range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads would have on our consolidated balance sheet, excluding the effect of income tax, related to the embedded derivative valuation on certain variable annuity products measured at estimated fair value. in determining the ranges, we have considered current market conditions, as well as the market level of spreads that can reasonably be anticipated over the near term. the ranges do not reflect extreme market conditions such as those experienced during the 2008-2009 financial crisis, as we do not consider those to be reasonably likely events in the near future.
the impact of the range of reasonably likely variances in credit spreads increased significantly as compared to prior periods. however, these estimated effects do not take into account potential changes in other variables, such as equity price levels and market volatility, which can also contribute significantly to changes in carrying values. therefore, the table does not necessarily reflect the ultimate impact on the consolidated financial statements under the credit spread variance scenarios presented below.
100% increase in our credit spread   $230                                           $19
50% decrease in our credit spread   $386                                           $35
the accounting for derivatives is complex and interpretations of accounting standards continue to evolve in practice. if it is determined that hedge accounting designations were not appropriately applied, reported net income could be materially affected. assessments of hedge effectiveness and measurements of ineffectiveness of hedging relationships are also subject to interpretations and estimations and different interpretations or estimates may have a material effect on the amount reported in net income.
variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits may be more costly than expected in volatile or declining equity markets. market conditions including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, equity indices, market volatility and foreign currency exchange rates, changes in our nonperformance risk, variations in actuarial assumptions regarding policyholder behavior, mortality and risk margins related to non-capital market inputs, may result in significant fluctuations in the estimated fair value of the guarantees that could materially affect net income. if interpretations change, there is a risk that features previously not bifurcated may require bifurcation and reporting at estimated fair value on the consolidated financial statements and respective changes in estimated fair value could materially affect net income.
additionally, we ceded the risk associated with certain of the variable annuities with guaranteed minimum benefits described in the preceding paragraphs. the value of the embedded derivatives on the ceded risk is determined using a methodology consistent with that described previously for the guarantees directly written by us with the exception of the input for nonperformance risk that reflects the credit of the reinsurer. because certain of the direct guarantees do not meet the definition of an embedded derivative and, thus are not accounted for at fair value, significant fluctuations in net income may occur since the change in fair value of the embedded derivative on the ceded risk is being recorded in net income without a corresponding and offsetting change in fair value of the direct guarantee.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our derivatives and hedging programs.
for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, the implied fair value of the reporting unit goodwill is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. in such instances, the implied fair value of the goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill that would be determined in a business acquisition. the key inputs, judgments and assumptions necessary in determining estimated fair value of the reporting units include projected adjusted earnings, current book value, the level of economic capital required to support the mix of business, long-term growth rates, comparative market multiples, the account value of in-force business, projections of new and renewed business, as well as margins on such business, the level of interest rates, credit spreads, equity market levels, and the discount rate that we believe is appropriate for the respective reporting unit.
in the third quarter of 2017, the company tested the metlife holdings life reporting unit for impairment using the actuarialbased embedded value fair valuation approach. the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by approximately 19% and, therefore, the reporting unit was not impaired. if we had assumed that the discount rate was 100 basis points higher than the discount rate used, the estimated fair value of the metlife holdings life reporting unit would have been higher than the carrying value by approximately 1%. the metlife holdings life reporting unit consists of operations relating to products and businesses no longer actively marketed by the company. as of december 31, 2017, the amount of goodwill allocated to the metlife holdings life reporting unit was $887 million.
the company also performed its annual goodwill impairment tests of all other reporting units during the third quarter of 2017 using a qualitative assessment and/or quantitative assessments under the market multiple and discounted cash flow valuation approaches based on best available data as of june 30, 2017 and concluded that the estimated fair values of all such reporting units were in excess of their carrying values and, therefore, goodwill was not impaired.
we apply significant judgment when determining the estimated fair value of our reporting units and when assessing the relationship of market capitalization to the aggregate estimated fair value of our reporting units. the valuation methodologies utilized are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change. estimates of fair value are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectation regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood, differ in some respects from actual future results. declines in the estimated fair value of our reporting units could result in goodwill impairments in future periods which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial position.
see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our goodwill.
employee benefit plans certain subsidiaries of metlife, inc. sponsor and/or administer various plans that provide defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefits covering eligible employees . the calculation of the obligations and expenses associated with these plans requires an extensive use of assumptions such as the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases and healthcare cost trend rates, as well as assumptions regarding participant demographics such as rate and age of retirement, withdrawal rates and mortality. in consultation with external actuarial firms, we determine these assumptions based upon a variety of factors such as historical experience of the plan and its assets, currently available market and industry data, and expected benefit payout streams.
we determine the expected rate of return on plan assets based upon an approach that considers inflation, real return, term premium, credit spreads, equity risk premium and capital appreciation, as well as expenses, expected asset manager performance, asset weights and the effect of rebalancing. given the amount of plan assets as of december 31, 2016, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed an expected rate of return for both our pension and other postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $101 million and an increase of $101 million, respectively, in 2017. this considers only changes in our assumed long-term rate of return given the level and mix of invested assets at the beginning of the year, without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed long-term rate of return.
we determine the discount rates used to value the company's pension and postretirement obligations, based upon rates commensurate with current yields on high quality corporate bonds. given our pension and postretirement obligations as of december 31, 2016, the beginning of the measurement year, if we had assumed a discount rate for both our pension and postretirement benefit plans that was 100 basis points higher or 100 basis points lower than the rates we assumed, the change in our net periodic benefit costs would have been a decrease of $97 million and an increase of $111 million, respectively, in 2017. this considers only changes in our assumed discount rates without consideration of possible changes in any of the other assumptions described above that could ultimately accompany any changes in our assumed discount rate. the assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to, among other factors, changing market and economic conditions and changes in participant demographics. these differences may have a significant impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and liquidity.
see note 17 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of assumptions used in measuring liabilities relating to our employee benefit plans.
income taxes we provide for federal, state and foreign income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. our accounting for income taxes represents our best estimate of various events and transactions. tax laws are often complex and may be subject to differing interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of inherently complex tax laws. we must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign.
in establishing a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and to what extent, a tax position may be sustained. once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when events occur requiring a change.
valuation allowances are established against deferred tax assets when management determines, based on available information, that it is more likely than not that deferred income tax assets will not be realized. significant judgment is required in determining whether valuation allowances should be established, as well as the amount of such allowances. see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information relating to our determination of such valuation allowances.
we may be required to change our provision for income taxes when estimates used in determining valuation allowances on deferred tax assets significantly change, or when receipt of new information indicates the need for adjustment in valuation allowances. additionally, future events, such as changes in tax laws, tax regulations, or interpretations of such laws or regulations, could have an impact on the provision for income tax and the effective tax rate. any such changes could significantly affect the amounts reported on the financial statements in the year these changes occur.
on december 22, 2017, u.s. tax reform was signed into law. u.s. gaap requires that the impact of tax legislation be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. as a result, the company recognized the tax effects of u.s. tax reform for the year ended december 31, 2017. see "- executive summary - overview - u.s. tax reform" for additional information.
see also notes 1 and 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our income taxes.
litigation contingencies we are a party to a number of legal actions and are involved in a number of regulatory investigations. given the inherent unpredictability of these matters, it is difficult to estimate the impact on our financial position. liabilities are established when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities related to certain lawsuits, including our asbestos-related liability, are especially difficult to estimate due to the limitation of available data and uncertainty regarding numerous variables that can affect liability estimates. the data and variables that impact the assumptions used to estimate our asbestos-related liability include the number of future claims, the cost to resolve claims, the disease mix and severity of disease in pending and future claims, the impact of the number of new claims filed in a particular jurisdiction and variations in the law in the jurisdictions in which claims are filed, the possible impact of tort reform efforts, the willingness of courts to allow plaintiffs to pursue claims against us when exposure to asbestos took place after the dangers of asbestos exposure were well known, and the impact of any possible future adverse verdicts and their amounts. on a quarterly and annual basis, we review relevant information with respect to liabilities for litigation, regulatory investigations and litigation-related contingencies to be reflected in our consolidated financial statements. it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our litigation and regulatory investigations, including asbestos-related cases, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded could have a material effect upon our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
see note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our assessment of litigation contingencies.
economic capital economic capital is an internally developed risk capital model, the purpose of which is to measure the risk in the business and to provide a basis upon which capital is deployed. the economic capital model accounts for the unique and specific nature of the risks inherent in our business.
our economic capital model, coupled with considerations of local capital requirements, aligns segment allocated equity with emerging standards and consistent risk principles. the model applies statistics-based risk evaluation principles to the material risks to which the company is exposed. these consistent risk principles include calibrating required economic capital shock factors to a specific confidence level and time horizon while applying an industry standard method for the inclusion of diversification benefits among risk types. economic capital-based risk estimation is an evolving science and industry best practices have emerged and continue to evolve. areas of evolving industry best practices include stochastic liability valuation techniques, alternative methodologies for the calculation of diversification benefits, and the quantification of appropriate shock levels. metlife's management is responsible for the ongoing production and enhancement of the economic capital model and reviews its approach periodically to ensure that it remains consistent with emerging industry practice standards.
segment net investment income is credited or charged based on the level of allocated equity; however, changes in allocated equity do not impact our consolidated net investment income, income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income tax, or adjusted earnings.
net investment income is based upon the actual results of each segment's specifically identifiable investment portfolios adjusted for allocated equity. other costs are allocated to each of the segments based upon: (i) a review of the nature of such costs; (ii) time studies analyzing the amount of employee compensation costs incurred by each segment; and (iii) cost estimates included in the company's product pricing.
acquisitions and dispositions
2017 acquisition on september 15, 2017, the company completed the acquisition of logan circle partners, l.p. ("logan circle partners"), from fortress investment group llc, for approximately $250 million in cash. logan circle partners is a fundamental research-based investment manager providing institutional clients actively managed investment solutions across a broad spectrum of fixed income strategies, with more than 100 institutional clients and more than $37 billion in assets under management as of august 31, 2017.
2017 pending disposition see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the company's disposition of metlife afore, its pension fund management business in mexico.
2017 disposition separation of brighthouse on august 4, 2017, metlife, inc. completed the separation. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
2016 disposition in july 2016, metlife, inc. completed the sale to massachusetts mutual life insurance company ("massmutual") of its u.s. retail advisor force and certain assets associated with the metlife premier client group, including all of the issued and outstanding shares of metlife's affiliated broker-dealer, msi, a wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc. (collectively, the "u.s. retail advisor force divestiture") for $291 million. massmutual assumed all of the liabilities related to such assets that arise or occur at or after the closing of the sale. as part of the transactions, metlife, inc. and massmutual entered into a product development agreement under which the part of metlife's former u.s. retail business now in brighthouse will be the exclusive developer of certain annuity products to be issued by massmutual. in the massmutual purchase agreement, metlife, inc. agreed to indemnify massmutual for certain claims, liabilities and breaches of representations and warranties up to limits described in the purchase agreement. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
results of operations consolidated results business overview. overall sales for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased over 2016 levels reflecting an increase in sales in the majority of our businesses. an overall increase in sales from our u.s. segment was primarily driven by improved sales in our ris business, as well as strong sales from core and voluntary products in our group benefits business. the improvement in ris was the result of higher sales of pension risk transfers, specialized life insurance, stable value and structured settlement products. sales in our asia segment increased primarily driven by a successful sales campaign in korea, agency growth and the continued success of our whole life critical illness product in china, as well as a large group case in australia. sales in emea also improved as a result of growth in turkey, egypt and several european markets, partially offset by a decrease in sales due to the closing of the wealth management product to new business in the u.k. and the loss of a credit life contract in poland. in our metlife holdings segment, sales declined, as we have discontinued the marketing of life and annuity products in connection with the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture and the separation. in our latin america segment, sales declined as higher group accident & health and credit life product sales in mexico were more than offset by a large group medical sale in mexico in 2016.
expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends                   39,544                37,581                36,500
interest credited to policyholder account balances                             5,607                 5,176                 4,415
capitalization of dac                                                         (3,002    )           (3,152    )           (3,319    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                                    (1,470    )              693                 1,590
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
management of investment portfolio and hedging market risks with derivatives. we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined alm principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. our intent is to match the timing and amount of liability cash outflows with invested assets that have cash inflows of comparable timing and amount, while optimizing risk-adjusted net investment income and risk-adjusted total return. our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, with over 80% of our portfolio invested in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. these securities and loans have varying maturities and other characteristics which cause them to be generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. in addition, our general account investment portfolio includes, within fvo securities, contractholder-directed unit-linked investments supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities, which do not qualify as separate account assets. the returns on these contractholder-directed unit-linked investments, which can vary significantly from period to period, include changes in estimated fair value subsequent to purchase, inure to contractholders and are offset in earnings by a corresponding change in policyholder account balances through interest credited to policyholder account balances.
we purchase investments to support our insurance liabilities and not to generate net investment gains and losses. however, net investment gains and losses are incurred and can change significantly from period to period due to changes in external influences, including changes in market factors such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity markets; counterparty specific factors such as financial performance, credit rating and collateral valuation; and internal factors such as portfolio rebalancing. changes in these factors from period to period can significantly impact the levels of both impairments and realized gains and losses on investments sold.
we also use derivatives as an integral part of our management of the investment portfolio and insurance liabilities to hedge certain risks, including changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, credit spreads and equity market levels. we use freestanding interest rate, equity, credit and currency derivatives to hedge certain invested assets and insurance liabilities. a small portion of these hedges are designated and qualify as accounting hedges, which reduce volatility in earnings. for those hedges not designated as accounting hedges, changes in market factors lead to the recognition of fair value changes in net derivative gains (losses) generally without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged, which creates volatility in earnings. during 2017, we restructured certain derivative hedges to decrease volatility from nonqualified interest rate derivatives and to help meet prospective dividend and free cash flow objectives under varying interest rate scenarios. as part of this restructuring, we replaced certain nonqualified derivatives with derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting treatment. in addition, we also entered into replication transactions using interest rate swaps, which are accounted for at amortized cost under statutory guidelines and are nonqualified derivatives under gaap. we actively evaluate market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure our free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions.
certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits contain embedded derivatives that are measured at estimated fair value separately from the host variable annuity contract, with changes in estimated fair value recorded in net derivative gains (losses). we use freestanding derivatives to hedge the market risks inherent in these variable annuity guarantees. ongoing refinement of the strategy may be required to adapt to changing naic rules, which may become effective as early as january 1, 2019. the restructured hedge strategy will be classified as a macro hedge program to protect our overall statutory capital from significant adverse economic conditions. the valuation of these embedded derivatives includes a nonperformance risk adjustment, which is unhedged, and can be a significant driver of net derivative gains (losses) and volatility in earnings, but does not have an economic impact on us.
net derivative gains (losses). the variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as "va program derivatives" in the following table. all other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as "non-va program derivatives" in the following table. the table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives and va program derivatives:
credit                                                         198                     108
equity                                                           6                      12
the unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-va program derivatives was $394 million ($256 million, net of income tax). this was primarily due to the u.s. dollar, relative to other key currencies, weakening in 2017 versus mostly strengthening in 2016, unfavorably impacting foreign currency swaps that primarily hedge foreign currency-denominated bonds. additionally, there was a change in the value of the underlying assets unfavorably impacting non-va embedded derivatives related to funds withheld on a certain reinsurance agreement. these decreases were partially offset by long-term interest rates mostly decreasing in 2017 and mostly increasing in 2016, favorably impacting receive-fixed interest rate swaps and total rate of return swaps hedging long-duration liability portfolios. because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged.
   changes in foreign currency exchange rates contributed to an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives and a favorable change in our embedded derivatives related to the assumed variable annuity guarantees from our former operating joint venture in japan. for example, the japanese yen weakened against the euro by 10% in 2017 and strengthened by 6% in 2016.
   key equity index levels increased more in 2017 than in 2016, contributing to an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives and a favorable change in our embedded derivatives. for example, the s&amp;p 500 index increased 19% in 2017 and increased 10% in 2016.
   long-term interest rates in japan increased in 2017 and decreased in 2016, contributing to a favorable change in our embedded derivatives and an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives related to the assumed variable annuity guarantees from our former operating joint venture in japan. this was partially offset by long-term u.s. interest rates mostly decreasing in 2017 and mostly increasing in 2016. for example, the 30-year japan swap rate increased five basis points in 2017 and decreased 41 basis points in 2016, and the 20-year u.s. swap rate decreased three basis points in 2017 and increased three basis points in 2016.
   updates to actuarial policyholder behavior assumptions within the valuation model.
   a change in the risk margin adjustment measuring policyholder behavior risks, along with market and interest rate changes, and
   the partially offsetting impact of a combination of other factors, which include fees being deducted from accounts and changes in the benefit base, premiums, lapses, withdrawals and mortality rates.
the aforementioned $346 million ($225 million, net of income tax) unfavorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives resulted from an unfavorable change of $209 million, before income tax, as a result of model changes and changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on variable annuity guarantees, in addition to an unfavorable change of $137 million, before income tax, related to changes in our own credit spread.
when equity index levels decrease in isolation, the variable annuity guarantees become more valuable to policyholders, which results in an increase in the undiscounted embedded derivative liability. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when the risk-free interest rate decreases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a higher valuation of the liability than if the risk-free interest rate had remained constant. discounting this unfavorable change by the risk adjusted rate yields a smaller loss than by discounting at the risk-free interest rate, thus creating a gain from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk.
when our own credit spread increases in isolation, discounting the embedded derivative liability produces a lower valuation of the liability than if our own credit spread had remained constant. as a result, a gain is created from including an adjustment for nonperformance risk. for each of these primary market drivers, the opposite effect occurs when they move in the opposite direction.
net investment gains (losses). the unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of $625 million ($406 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects a 2017 loss recognized in connection with the separation, while the 2016 results include gains from the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture and foreign currency transactions. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by higher gains on sales of real estate joint ventures and a lower provision for mortgage loan losses.
actuarial assumption review. results for 2017 include a $37 million ($25 million, net of income tax) gain associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and dac, of which a $21 million ($14 million, net of income tax) gain was recognized in net derivative gains (losses). of the $37 million gain, a $96 million ($64 million, net of income tax) gain was associated with dac, and a loss of $59 million ($39 million, net of income tax) was related to reserves. the $21 million gain recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with this review of actuarial assumptions was included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above.
the most significant impacts were in the metlife holdings life and annuities businesses.
results for 2016 include a $648 million ($421 million, net of income tax) loss associated with our annual review of actuarial assumptions related to reserves and dac, of which a $709 million ($461 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses) and a $103 million ($67 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in updates to the closed block projection. of the $648 million loss, a $729 million ($474 million, net of income tax) loss was related to reserves while an $81 million ($53 million, net of income tax) gain was associated with dac.
divested businesses and lag elimination. income (loss) before provision for income tax related to the divested businesses and lag elimination, excluding net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), decreased $861 million ($618 million, net of income tax) to a loss of $1.1 billion ($747 million, net of income tax) in 2017 from a loss of $197 million ($129 million, net of income tax) in 2016. included in this decline was a decrease in total revenues of $272 million, before income tax, and an increase in total expenses of $589 million, before income tax. divested businesses include activity primarily related to the separation. in addition, divested businesses for 2016 also include the financial impact of converting our japan operations to calendar year-end reporting without retrospective application of this change to prior years.
discontinued operations. loss from discontinued operations, net of income tax, decreased $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017 to a loss of $986 million, net of income tax, from a loss of $2.7 billion, net of income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2016. income (loss) from discontinued operations reflects the results of our former brighthouse financial segment. the favorable change in income (loss) from discontinued operations was primarily due to a favorable change in net derivative gains (losses) of $3.1 billion, net of income tax, primarily driven by the impact of the 2016 annual actuarial assumption review on certain variable annuity products that contain embedded derivatives, partially offset by a loss of $1.2 billion, net of income tax, as a result of the separation in 2017. for further information regarding the separation, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
taxes. income tax benefit for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $1.5 billion, or 42% of income from continuing operations before provision for income tax, compared with income tax expense of $693 million, or 16% of income before provision for income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2016. our effective tax rates differ from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. our 2017 results include the following tax items: (i) a net benefit of $1.3 billion related to the impact of u.s. tax reform, which includes a net benefit of $1.6 billion (comprised of a $1.8 billion tax benefit and a $222 million increase in other divested expenses reflective of a reduction in other receivables due to the revaluation of a tax receivable from brighthouse) and an adjusted earnings charge of $298 million (comprised of a $254 million tax charge and a $44 million, net of income tax, reduction in net investment income), (ii) a tax-related benefit of $540 million related to the separation, (iii) a $41 million tax benefit from the finalization of certain tax audits, (iv) a net tax charge of $180 million as a result of the repatriation of approximately $3.0 billion of cash following the post-separation review of our capital needs, partially offset by a tax benefit associated with dividends from our non-u.s. operations, and (v) a tax benefit of $9 million related to the settlement of an audit in argentina. our 2016 results include a tax benefit of $110 million in japan related to a change in tax rate, a tax charge of $26 million related to the repatriation of earnings from japan and a tax charge of $19 million in chile, related to a change in tax rate. in addition, 2016 results include a one-time tax benefit of $46 million for the finalization of certain tax audits.
adjusted earnings. as more fully described in "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures," we use adjusted earnings, which does not equate to income (loss) from continuing operations, net of income tax, as determined in accordance with gaap, to analyze our performance, evaluate segment performance, and allocate resources. we believe that the presentation of adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, as we measure it for management purposes, enhances the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of the business. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results. adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings available to common shareholders should not be viewed as substitutes for net income (loss) and net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders, respectively. adjusted earnings available to common shareholders increased $202 million, net of income tax, to $4.2 billion, net of income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2017 from $4.0 billion, net of income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
during the year ended december 31, 2016, net income (loss) decreased $4.5 billion from 2015 primarily driven by unfavorable changes in income (loss) from discontinued operations and net derivative gains (losses). in addition, in 2016, net income (loss) includes the financial impact of converting the company's japan operations to calendar year-end reporting without retrospective application of this change to prior years.
net derivative gains (losses). the variable annuity embedded derivatives and associated freestanding derivative hedges are collectively referred to as "va program derivatives" in the following table. all other derivatives that are economic hedges of certain invested assets and insurance liabilities are referred to as "non-va program derivatives" in the following table. the table below presents the impact on net derivative gains (losses) from non-va program derivatives and va program derivatives:
credit                                                         108                       7
equity                                                          12                      (1     )
the unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) on non-va program derivatives was $477 million ($310 million, net of income tax). this was primarily due to long-term interest rates increasing during 2016 and decreasing during 2015, unfavorably impacting receive-fixed interest rate swaps and total rate of return swaps primarily hedging long-duration liability portfolios. because certain of these hedging strategies are not designated or do not qualify as accounting hedges, the changes in the estimated fair value of these freestanding derivatives are recognized in net derivative gains (losses) without an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings for the item being hedged.
   key equity index levels mostly increased in 2016 and decreased in 2015, contributing to an unfavorable change in our freestanding derivatives and a favorable change in our embedded derivatives. for example, the s&amp;p 500 index increased 10% in 2016 and decreased 1% in 2015.
the aforementioned $104 million ($68 million, net of income tax) favorable change in the nonperformance risk adjustment on embedded derivatives resulted from a favorable change of $97 million, before income tax, as a result of model changes and changes in capital market inputs, such as long-term interest rates and key equity index levels, on variable annuity guarantees, and a favorable change of $7 million, before income tax, related to changes in our own credit spread.
   updates to actuarial policyholder behavior assumptions within the valuation model; and
   an increase in the risk margin adjustment, measuring policyholder behavior risks along with market and interest rate changes; partially offset by
   the cross effect of capital market changes and the mismatch of fund performance between actual and modeled funds; and
   a combination of other factors, including reserve changes influenced by benefit features and actual policyholder behavior, as well as fcta.
net investment gains (losses). the unfavorable change in net investment gains (losses) of $292 million ($190 million, net of income tax) primarily reflects higher gains on sales of real estate, fixed maturity securities and equity securities in 2015 than in 2016 and an increase in the provision for mortgage loan losses in 2016. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by lower foreign currency transaction losses, as well as a gain in 2016 from the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture.
actuarial assumption review. results for 2016 include a $648 million ($421 million, net of income tax) loss associated with the annual review of assumptions related to reserves and dac, of which a $709 million ($461 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in net derivative gains (losses) and a loss of $103 million ($67 million, net of income tax) was recognized in updates to the closed block projection. of the $648 million charge, $729 million ($474 million, net of income tax) was related to reserves and a benefit of $81 million ($53 million, net of income tax) was associated with dac. the $709 million loss recognized in net derivative gains (losses) associated with this review of assumptions was included within the other risks in embedded derivatives caption in the table above.
as a result of our annual review of assumptions related to reserves and dac, changes were made to economic, policyholder behavior, mortality and other assumptions. these are summarized as follows:
   changes in policyholder behavior and mortality assumptions resulted in reserve increases, partially offset by favorable dac amortization, resulting in a loss of $356 million ($231 million, net of income tax).
the most significant impacts of this review were in the metlife holdings life and annuity blocks of business.
results for 2015 include a $142 million ($92 million, net of income tax) loss associated with our annual assumption review related to reserves and dac, of which a $134 million ($87 million, net of income tax) loss was recognized in updates to the closed block projection. of the $142 million loss, $94 million ($61 million, net of income tax) was related to dac and $48 million ($31 million, net of income tax) was associated with reserves.
divested businesses and lag elimination. income (loss) from continuing operations before provision for income tax related to the divested businesses and lag elimination, excluding net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), increased $358 million ($228 million, net of income tax) to a loss of $197 million ($129 million, net of income tax) in 2016 from a loss of $555 million ($357 million, net of income tax) in 2015. included in this decline was an increase in total revenues of $393 million, before income tax, and an increase in total expenses of $35 million, before income tax. divested businesses include activity primarily related to the separation. in addition, divested businesses for 2016 include the financial impact of converting the company's japan operations to calendar year-end reporting without retrospective application of this change to prior years.
discontinued operations. income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax, decreased $4.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 to a loss of $2.7 billion, net of income tax, from income of $1.3 billion, net of income tax, for the comparable 2015 period. income (loss) from discontinued operations reflects the results of our former brighthouse financial segment, which were lower in 2016, primarily due to an unfavorable change in net derivative gains (losses) of $3.5 billion, net of income tax, primarily driven by the impact of the 2016 annual actuarial assumption review on certain variable annuity products that contain embedded derivatives. the most significant impact from the review was the result of changes in policyholder behavior assumptions, which resulted in reserve increases, partially offset by favorable dac amortization. the policyholder behavior assumption changes included: (i) lower utilization of the elective annuitization option on the guarantee riders on the contracts; (ii) lower election of the guaranteed principal option in certain of our gmibs, which, if exercised, returns to the policyholder the original purchase payment amounts; and (iii) adjusting the rate at which policyholders withdrew funds through systematic withdrawals.
the 2016 loss also included (i) a $340 million, net of income tax, charge for a write-off of dac and increases to insurance related liabilities for its variable and universal life policies; (ii) a $223 million, net of income tax non-cash charge for goodwill impairment; (iii) unfavorable reserve adjustments of $192 million, net of income tax, resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process; and (iv) unfavorable dac unlockings of $161 million, net of income tax, related to the annual actuarial assumption review of the variable annuity business. for further information, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
taxes. income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $693 million, or 16% of income from continuing operations before provision for income tax, compared with $1.6 billion, or 28% of income from continuing operations before provision for income tax, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the company's effective tax rates differ from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% typically due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. our 2016 results include the following tax items: (i) a $110 million benefit related to a change in tax rate in japan, (ii) an $8 million expense due to a deferred tax adjustment related to goodwill, (iii) a $46 million benefit for the finalization of certain tax audits, and (iv) a $22 million benefit related to an investment tax credit, partially offset by a $19 million charge related to a change in tax rate in chile. our 2015 results include tax charges of $580 million, of which $557 million was recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties, and $23 million was related to foreign exchange-related gains on investments in argentina. these charges were partially offset by the following tax benefits: (i) $174 million related to a change in tax rate in japan, (ii) $61 million related to the restructuring of our business in chile, (iii) $57 million related to the repatriation of earnings from japan, and (iv) $31 million related to the devaluation of the peso in argentina.
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                             12                 (47   )               (41      )          (35   )                 337                           2,962                     3,188
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                             85                 (13   )              (68      )          (61   )                 219                             144                       306
less: provision for income tax (expense) benefit                            (72   )              19                    3                 (22   )                  36                             190                       154
(1)   see definitions of adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses under "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the components of such adjustments and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on these adjustments by financial statement line item.
(1)   see definitions of adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses under "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the components of such adjustments and note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on these adjustments by financial statement line item.
consolidated results - adjusted earnings year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
overview. the primary drivers of the increase in adjusted earnings were annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse, the impact of 2017 and 2016 refinements made to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities, and the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review, partially offset by the negative impact of u.s. tax reform and other unfavorable tax items.
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a $22 million negative impact on adjusted earnings for 2017 compared to 2016. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. an increase of $70 million in adjusted earnings was attributable to business growth. we benefited from positive net flows from many of our businesses. as a result, growth in the investment portfolios of our u.s., asia and latin america segments generated higher net investment income. however, this was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expense on certain insurance-related liabilities. in our u.s. segment, an increase in average premium per policy in our auto and homeowners business, partially offset by a decrease in exposures, improved adjusted earnings. growth in our segments abroad also contributed to the increase in adjusted earnings. in our metlife holdings segment, negative net flows contributed to a decrease in average separate account balances and, consequently, asset-based fee income. improved results from our start-up operations increased adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on reported net investment income in our non-u.s. segments and changes in inflation rates on our inflation-indexed investments, investment yields decreased. investment yields were negatively affected by lower prepayment fees, lower derivative income and lower returns on real estate joint ventures. in addition, earnings on our securities lending program decreased, which primarily resulted from lower margins due to a flatter yield curve, and lower returns on alternative investments (excluding the impact of u.s. tax reform). these decreases in net investment income were partially offset by higher returns on other limited partnership interests, driven by improvements in equity market performance. in addition, higher interest credited expenses, primarily driven by our u.s. segment as a result of a higher average interest credited rate, reduced adjusted earnings. these decreases were partially offset by higher asset-based fees in our metlife holdings segment as a result of favorable equity market performance in 2017. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $69 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable underwriting resulted in a $13 million decrease in adjusted earnings primarily as a result of unfavorable claims experience, higher catastrophe losses and unfavorable mortality, largely offset by favorable morbidity and favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses in our property & casualty business. favorable morbidity in our u.s. segment was partially offset by unfavorable morbidity in our metlife holdings segment. higher lapses and claims in japan, partially offset by favorable claims experience in other countries, drove unfavorable claims experience in our asia segment. unfavorable mortality in our latin america and u.s. segments was partially offset by favorable mortality in our metlife holdings segment. the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a $166 million increase in adjusted earnings, primarily due to favorable dac unlockings in 2017 compared to unfavorable dac unlockings in 2016 in our metlife holdings segment. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities, which were recorded in both 2017 and 2016 across our segments, resulted in a $191 million increase in adjusted earnings. this includes favorable 2017 refinements of (i) a $36 million dac adjustment related to certain participating whole life business assumed from brighthouse; and (ii) a reserve adjustment resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process of $55 million in our life business, as well as (iii) a 2017 unfavorable charge of $90 million to increase certain ris policy reserves. this also includes an unfavorable 2016 refinement of $65 million resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process.
expenses. a $46 million decrease in expenses was primarily driven by lower costs as a result of the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture, a decrease in certain corporate expenses, and favorable net adjustments to certain reinsurance assets and liabilities, partially offset by (i) separation-related costs, (ii) higher employee-related expenses, (iii) higher costs associated with corporate initiatives and projects (including leasehold impairments and costs related to our unit cost initiative), (iv) an increase in asbestos and litigation reserves, and (v) an increase in expenses incurred related to the guaranty fund assessment for penn treaty.
interest expense on debt. interest expense on debt decreased by $35 million, mainly due to the maturity of $1.25 billion of our senior notes in june 2016.
taxes. our effective tax rates differ from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for investments in low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. this incremental tax benefit was lower in 2017 compared to 2016 which resulted in a $7 million decrease in adjusted earnings. our results for 2017 include the following tax items: (i) a charge of $298 million related to the impact of u.s. tax reform, which includes a $254 million tax charge and a $44 million, net of income tax, reduction in net investment income, (ii) a tax benefit of $41 million related to the finalization of certain tax audits, (iii) tax charges of $180 million related to the repatriation of offshore earnings, and (iv) a tax benefit of $9 million related to the settlement of an audit in argentina. our results for 2016 include the following tax items: (i) a tax benefit of $25 million in japan and a tax charge of $12 million in chile, both related to changes in tax rates that pertain to periods prior to 2016, (ii) a tax charge of $26 million related to the repatriation of earnings from japan, and (iii) a tax benefit of $46 million for the finalization of certain tax audits.
other. in connection with the separation, annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse increased adjusted earnings by $267 million. this favorable impact was primarily due to the recapture in 2016 of certain assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements, and the elimination of interest credited payments on the related reinsurance payable, as well as lower dac amortization. this increase was partially offset by the net unfavorable impact in 2017 from the recapture and novation of, as well as refinements to, assumed and ceded agreements covering certain variable annuity business.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
overview. the primary drivers of the increase in adjusted earnings were higher net investment income from portfolio growth and 2015 charges for taxes and related interest expense, partially offset by lower investment yields, unfavorable underwriting, refinements made to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities, the impact of affiliated reinsurance activity, and the impact of our annual actuarial assumption review.
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates had a $51 million negative impact on adjusted earnings compared to 2015. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. a $331 million increase in adjusted earnings was attributable to business growth. we benefited from positive net flows from many of our products. as a result, growth in the investment portfolios of our u.s., asia and latin america segments generated higher net investment income. however, this was partially offset by a corresponding increase in interest credited expense on certain insurance-related liabilities. in addition, improved results from our start-up operations also increased adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including low interest rates, volatile equity markets, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our investment yields; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on reported net investment income in our non-u.s. segments and inflation-indexed investments, investment yields decreased. investment yields were negatively affected by the adverse impact of the low interest rate environment on fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, as proceeds from maturing investments and the growth in the investment portfolio were invested at lower yields than the portfolio average. in addition, we experienced a decrease in returns on real estate joint ventures and alternative investments. lower investment earnings on our securities lending program resulted primarily from lower margins due to the impact of a flatter yield curve. these decreases in net investment income were partially offset by higher income on derivatives. in our metlife holdings segment, a decline in our average separate account balances resulted in a decrease in asset-based fee income. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $443 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable underwriting resulted in a $176 million decrease in adjusted earnings primarily as a result of higher non-catastrophe claim costs, less favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses and a charge related to an adjustment to reinsurance receivables in our asia segment. favorable mortality and morbidity experience in our latin america and u.s. segments was largely offset by unfavorable experience in our metlife holdings segment. the impact of our annual actuarial assumption review, which occurred in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a $75 million decrease in adjusted earnings. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities, which were recorded in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a $176 million decrease in adjusted earnings, primarily as a result of a 2016 reserve adjustment of $65 million resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process.
interest expense on debt. the maturity of $1.0 billion of senior notes in june 2015 and $1.3 billion of senior notes in june 2016 and the maturity of other long-term debt in 2015 and 2016, partially offset by the issuance of $1.5 billion of senior notes in march 2015 and $1.3 billion of senior notes in november 2015 and higher interest on floating rate debt resulted in a net decrease to interest expense on debt of $29 million.
expenses and taxes. our results for 2015 include the aforementioned $235 million charge for interest on uncertain tax positions. in addition, other expenses declined by $86 million primarily due to expense savings related to the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture. the company's effective tax rates differ from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% typically due to non-taxable investment income, tax credits for low income housing, and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the u.s. statutory rate. this incremental tax benefit was higher in 2016 compared to 2015 which resulted in a $68 million increase in adjusted earnings. our results for 2016 include the following tax items: (i) a $46 million benefit for the finalization of certain tax audits, (ii) a $25 million benefit related to a change in the tax rate in japan, and (iii) a $22 million benefit related to an investment tax credit, partially offset by a $12 million charge related to a change in the tax rate in chile. the $25 million benefit in japan includes a benefit of $20 million that pertains to prior years; the $12 million tax charge in chile includes a charge of $10 million that pertains to prior years. our results for 2015 include the following tax items: (i) a charge of $557 million recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties, (ii) a benefit of $61 million related to a change in the tax rate in japan, (iii) a benefit of $60 million related to the restructuring of our business in chile, (iv) a benefit of $31 million related to the repatriation of earnings from japan, and (v) a $31 million benefit related to devaluation of the peso in argentina.
other. annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse decreased adjusted earnings by $160 million. this was primarily due to the recapture of certain assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements that resulted in unfavorable recapture settlements and an increase in the related dac amortization, partially offset by lower interest credited on the related reinsurance payables. the impact of the lower interest credited was largely offset by the lower net investment income earned on the assets transferred in connection with the recapture.
business overview. sales increased compared to 2016, primarily driven by our ris business, with higher sales of pension risk transfers, specialized life insurance, stable value and structured settlement products. funding agreement issuances were essentially flat. changes in premiums for the ris business were almost entirely offset by the related changes in policyholder benefits and claims. sales increased 19% compared to 2016 in the group benefits business, with strong sales across our core and voluntary products. the resulting increase in premiums, fees and other revenues was partially offset by the loss of a large dental contract in the second quarter of 2017. in our property & casualty business, sales increased slightly over 2016. the number of exposures decreased from 2016, reflecting management actions to improve the quality of the business.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends      23,627                21,591                20,899
interest credited to policyholder account balances                1,474                 1,302                 1,216
capitalization of dac                                              (458    )             (471    )             (493    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                        1,024                   976                 1,009
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
business growth. the impact of deposits, net flows from funding agreements and increased premiums in 2017 resulted in higher average invested assets, improving net investment income. however, consistent with the growth in average invested assets from increased premiums, interest credited on long-duration contracts increased. an increase in average premium per policy in both our auto and homeowners businesses, partially offset by the decrease in exposures, improved adjusted earnings. the remaining increase in premiums, fees and other revenues, coupled with a decline in direct expenses, was partially offset by higher volume-related expenses. the 2017 abatement of the annual health insurer fee under ppaca was offset by a corresponding decrease in premiums, fees and other revenues. the combined impact of the items discussed above increased adjusted earnings by $198 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased, primarily due to lower prepayment fees, derivative income and lower returns on real estate and real estate joint ventures. in addition, lower investment earnings on our securities lending program resulted primarily from lower margins, due to a flatter yield curve. these decreases in investment yields were largely offset by higher returns on other limited partnership interests, primarily in private equities, driven by improvements in equity market performance. higher average interest credited rates drove an increase in interest credited expenses; however, this was partially offset by an increase in adjusted earnings due to a decrease in the crediting rate on certain long-duration insurance contracts. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $74 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting and other insurance adjustments. favorable prior year reserve development, lower utilization and the positive impact of pricing actions in our dental business, as well as favorable claims experience in our accident & health and group disability businesses were partially offset by slightly less favorable claims experience in our individual disability business, which resulted in a $120 million increase in adjusted earnings. less favorable mortality in 2017, mainly due to less favorable claim experience in our group life businesses resulted in a $20 million decrease in adjusted earnings. favorable mortality from our pension risk transfer and structured settlement businesses was mostly offset by less favorable mortality in our specialized life insurance and income annuities businesses. in our property & casualty business, catastrophe-related losses increased $24 million in 2017, primarily due to severe storm activity. non-catastrophe claim costs increased slightly as a result of higher auto-related severities and higher homeowners-related frequencies, mostly offset by lower auto-related frequencies and lower homeowners-related severities. favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses of $12 million increased adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities, which were recorded in both 2017 and 2016, resulted in a $75 million decrease in adjusted earnings, which included a $90 million charge in 2017 to increase certain ris policy reserves.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
business growth. the impact of deposits, funding agreement issuances and increased premiums in 2016 resulted in higher average invested assets, improving net investment income. however, consistent with the growth in average invested assets from increased premiums, interest credited on long-duration contracts increased. an increase in average premium per policy in both our auto and homeowners businesses improved adjusted earnings. in addition, an increase in other adjusted expenses, mainly the result of growth across the segment, was more than offset by the remaining increase in premiums, fees and other revenues. the combined impact of the items discussed above increased adjusted earnings by $173 million.
market factors. market factors, including low interest rates, volatile equity markets, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our investment yields; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased as a result of the impact of the low interest rate environment on fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans, as proceeds from maturing investments and the growth in the investment portfolio were invested at lower yields than the portfolio average. in addition, lower returns on other limited partnership interests, lower prepayment fees and lower returns on alternative investments reduced yields.
lower investment earnings on our securities lending program resulted primarily from lower margins due to the impact of a flatter yield curve. these unfavorable changes were partially offset by higher income on derivatives and real estate. certain of our funding agreements and guaranteed interest contract liabilities have interest credited rates that are contractually tied to current market rates, specifically the 3-month libor and, as a result, a higher average interest credited rate drove an increase in interest credited expense. however, consistent with the decrease in yields on average invested assets, interest credited on certain long-duration insurance contracts decreased. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $129 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting. favorable claims experience in our individual disability and accident & health businesses were partially offset by unfavorable claims experience in our group disability and dental businesses and resulted in a $12 million increase in adjusted earnings. favorable mortality in 2016, mainly due to favorable claims experience in our life business, resulted in a $26 million increase in adjusted earnings. less favorable mortality from our pension risk transfer business and specialized life insurance products resulted in a $9 million decrease in adjusted earnings. in our property & casualty business, non-catastrophe claim costs increased by $85 million, resulting from higher frequencies and severities in both our auto and homeowners businesses, as well as an increase in claims adjustment expenses. in addition, less favorable development of prior year non-catastrophe losses reduced adjusted earnings by $43 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in catastrophe losses, which improved adjusted earnings by $3 million.
asia business overview. sales increased compared to 2016 primarily driven by a successful sales campaign in korea, agency growth and the continued success of our whole life critical illness product in china, as well as a large group case in australia. in japan, we have completed a successful shift in sales to foreign currency-denominated life products from yen-denominated life products.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       5,075                 5,211                 5,266
interest credited to policyholder account balances                1,351                 1,298                 1,309
capitalization of dac                                            (1,710    )           (1,668    )           (1,720    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          620                   479                   461
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by $8 million for 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to the weakening of the japanese yen, partially offset by the strengthening of the korean won, against the u.s. dollar. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. asia's premiums and policy fee income increased from 2016 mainly driven by growth in our foreign currency-denominated life and accident & health businesses in japan, as well as our group insurance business in australia. changes in premiums for these businesses were partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. positive net flows in japan and korea resulted in higher average invested assets, which improved net investment income. the combined impact of the items discussed above improved adjusted earnings by $61 million.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment results were favorably impacted by higher returns on other limited partnership interests, driven by improvements in equity market performance, and higher income on real estate investments, which included a lease termination fee. these increases were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower interest rates on fixed maturity securities in japan. the decrease in returns from lower interest rates in japan was partially offset by the favorable impact of increased sales of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuities in japan, primarily in its australian dollar-denominated portfolio, which drove an increase in higher yielding foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity securities. the combined impact of the items discussed above increased adjusted earnings by $45 million.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. higher lapses and claims in japan, partially offset by favorable claims experience in other countries, decreased adjusted earnings by $51 million. the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a slight increase in adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities, which were recorded in both 2017 and 2016, resulted in a $69 million increase in adjusted earnings, which includes a $12 million favorable refinement in 2017 of the $44 million charge in 2016 related to reinsurance receivables in australia.
expenses and taxes. higher expenses, primarily driven by project costs, reduced adjusted earnings by $11 million. results for 2017 include a charge of $70 million related to a u.s. tax on dividends from our japan operations. results for 2016 include a $25 million tax benefit related to a change in the corporate tax rate in japan (which includes a benefit of $20 million that pertains to prior periods).
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
following a change in the foreign investment law in india, the company no longer consolidates its india operating joint venture, effective january 1, 2016. while this change in accounting does affect the comparability of the financial statement line items, it did not have a significant impact on adjusted earnings and, therefore, is not discussed below.
foreign currency. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates increased adjusted earnings by $46 million for 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the strengthening of the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. positive net flows in japan and korea resulted in higher average invested assets and an increase in net investment income. asia's premiums and fees decreased from 2015 mainly driven by lower fixed annuity surrenders and the shift from premium-based to fee-based products in 2016. the discontinuation of single premium products in our accident & health business in japan in the third quarter of 2015 also contributed to the decline in premiums. changes in premiums for these businesses were partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. the combined impact of the items discussed above improved adjusted earnings by $64 million.
market factors. market factors, including low interest rates, volatile equity markets, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our investment yields; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment returns were unfavorably impacted by lower interest rates on fixed maturity securities, and the impact of incremental income recognized in 2015 from the recovery of a previously impaired mortgage loan, both in japan. the decreases in investment returns were partially offset by the favorable impact of increased sales of foreign currency-denominated fixed annuities in japan, primarily in its australian currency-denominated portfolio, which drove an increase in higher yielding foreign currency-denominated fixed maturity securities, as well as higher returns on other limited partnership interests. lower investment yields, partially offset by the impact of credit and foreign currency hedges, decreased adjusted earnings by $113 million.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. our results for 2016 include a $44 million charge related to an adjustment to reinsurance receivables in australia. excluding this charge, lower fixed annuity surrender gains and higher lapses in japan, partially offset by favorable claims experience in australia and korea, decreased adjusted earnings by $15 million. the impact of our annual actuarial assumption review, which occurred in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a net decrease of $35 million in adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance and other liabilities, which were recorded in 2016, resulted in a $10 million increase in adjusted earnings.
expenses and taxes. an increase in expenses, primarily driven by costs associated with growth of our agency channel in hong kong, information technology, and marketing, partially offset by lower consumption tax in japan and a decline in corporate overhead, reduced adjusted earnings by $13 million. results for 2016 include a $25 million tax benefit related to a change in the corporate tax rate in japan (which includes a benefit of $20 million that pertains to prior periods). results for 2015 include tax benefits of $61 million related to a change in tax rates, $12 million for the settlement of an audit and $15 million related to the u.s. taxation of dividends, each related to japan, as well as a $6 million tax refund in korea in 2015 related to unclaimed surrender value.
latin america business overview. total sales for latin america decreased compared to 2016, as higher group accident & health and credit life product sales in mexico were more than offset by a large group medical sale in mexico in 2016.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       2,535                 2,443                 2,408
interest credited to policyholder account balances                  369                   328                   349
capitalization of dac                                              (364    )             (321    )             (341    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          156                   158                    37
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates resulted in a slight decrease to adjusted earnings for 2017 as compared to 2016 mainly due to the weakening of the mexican and argentinean pesos against the u.s. dollar. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. latin america experienced growth across several lines of business within chile, mexico and brazil. this growth resulted in increased premiums and policy fee income which was partially offset by related changes in policyholder benefits. positive net flows, primarily from mexico and chile, resulted in an increase in average invested assets and generated higher net investment income. this was partially offset by an increase in interest credited expense on certain insurance liabilities. business growth also drove an increase in adjusted expenses and commissions, which were partially offset by higher dac capitalization. the items discussed above resulted in an $86 million increase in adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels and variability in equity market returns continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. changes in market factors resulted in a $19 million increase in adjusted earnings primarily due to higher investment yields. the increase in investment yields was primarily driven by higher returns from fvo securities in chile and mortgage loans in mexico. these increases were largely offset by higher interest credited expenses and lower yields on fixed income securities in chile and argentina.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable underwriting resulted in a $37 million decrease to adjusted earnings driven by higher claims experience in mexico. the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in a slight decrease in adjusted earnings. in addition, refinements to certain insurance liabilities, primarily in the provida pension business, and other adjustments in both 2017 and 2016 resulted in a $5 million increase to adjusted earnings.
expenses and taxes. higher expenses, primarily driven by employee-related and marketing costs, decreased adjusted earnings by $48 million as compared to 2016. our results for 2017 include a $9 million tax benefit related to the settlement of a tax audit and a $4 million tax charge incurred as a result of tax reform legislation, both in argentina. our results for 2016 included a tax charge of $12 million as a result of tax reform legislation in chile (including a charge of $10 million that pertains to periods prior to 2016). also, our results for 2016 included a tax charge of $11 million related to the 2015 filing of local tax returns in mexico and chile. other tax-related items in both 2017 and 2016 resulted in a $6 million decrease in adjusted earnings, primarily driven by a 2016 tax benefit due to inflation in argentina.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
foreign currency. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased adjusted earnings by $81 million for 2016 as compared to 2015 mainly due to the weakening of the mexican and argentinean pesos against the u.s. dollar. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. latin america experienced business growth across several lines of business within mexico, chile and argentina. this business growth resulted in increased premiums and policy fee income which was partially offset by the related changes in policyholder benefits. positive net flows, primarily from chile, mexico and argentina, resulted in an increase in average invested assets and generated higher net investment income. this was partially offset by an increase in interest credited expense on certain insurance liabilities. business growth also drove an increase in adjusted expenses, commissions and dac amortization, which were partially offset by higher dac capitalization. the items discussed above resulted in a $59 million increase in adjusted earnings.
market factors. changes in market factors resulted in a $17 million increase to adjusted earnings as higher investment yields were partially offset by higher interest credited expense. an increase in investment yields was primarily driven by a 2016 change in the crediting rate on allocated equity in mexico, chile and argentina, as well as higher yields from fixed maturity securities in mexico. these increases were partially offset by lower returns on fixed maturity securities, alternative investments and mortgage loans in chile.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. favorable underwriting resulted in a $38 million increase in adjusted earnings driven by lower claims experience in mexico and chile. the impact of the annual actuarial assumption review, which occurred in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a net adjusted earnings increase of $16 million. refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other adjustments in both 2016 and 2015 resulted in a $26 million decrease to adjusted earnings.
taxes. effective september 1, 2015, afp provida was merged into metlife chile acquisition company resulting in an income tax benefit of $60 million in 2015. in the first quarter of 2016, our chilean businesses, including provida, incurred a tax charge of $12 million as a result of tax reform legislation in chile (including a charge of $10 million that pertains to prior periods). in addition, other tax-related adjustments in both 2016 and 2015 resulted in a net decrease in adjusted earnings of $20 million. these adjustments were mainly driven by tax charges related to the filing of local tax returns in mexico and chile in 2016 and a tax benefit in 2015 due to the devaluation of the peso in argentina, partially offset by a 2016 tax benefit due to inflation in argentina.
emea business overview. sales increased in 2017 due to growth in turkey, egypt and several european markets, partially offset by a decrease in sales due to the closing of the wealth management product to new business in the u.k. and the loss of a credit life contract in poland.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       1,077                 1,067                   988
interest credited to policyholder account balances                  100                   112                   120
capitalization of dac                                              (414    )             (403    )             (472    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                           59                    42                    21
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
foreign currency. changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced adjusted earnings by $12 million for 2017 as compared to 2016, primarily driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the egyptian pound and turkish lira, partially offset by the weakening of the u.s. dollar against the russian ruble and the euro. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. growth from our accident & health and credit life businesses in turkey and our employee benefits business in the u.k., as well as growth across several european markets, partially offset by lower premium persistency in our employee benefits business in the gulf, increased adjusted earnings by $25 million.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. underwriting experience was essentially unchanged as unfavorable underwriting, primarily in our credit life business in turkey and across several european markets, was offset by favorable underwriting in our accident & health business in greece. the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in an $8 million increase in net adjusted earnings. refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other adjustments in both 2017 and 2016 resulted in a $4 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
expenses. adjusted earnings increased by $5 million primarily due to expense discipline across the region, as well as enterprise-wide initiatives, notably the closing of the wealth management product to new business in the u.k., partially offset by additional costs related to regulatory and compliance requirements.
taxes and other. our 2017 results include an unfavorable revision to the estimate of the valuation allowance required for a deferred tax asset in our non-life business of $5 million and an incremental tax expense in russia of $2 million. this was offset by lower effective tax rates, which resulted in a $7 million increase to adjusted earnings. in addition, a 2017 reinsurance profit share of $2 million was offset by a 2016 benefit of $3 million following the cancellation of a distribution agreement with one of our bancassurance partners.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
foreign currency. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced adjusted earnings by $16 million for 2016 as compared to 2015, primarily driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the british pound, turkish lira, egyptian pound and polish zloty. unless otherwise stated, all amounts discussed below are net of foreign currency fluctuations. foreign currency fluctuations can result in significant variances in the financial statement line items.
business growth. adjusted earnings increased by $35 million as a result of business growth mainly in the employee benefits business in the middle east and the u.k.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. favorable underwriting, primarily in our accident & health business in greece, was largely offset by unfavorable underwriting, primarily in our employee benefits business and resulted in an adjusted earnings increase of $2 million. the impact of the annual actuarial assumption review, which occurred in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a net adjusted earnings decrease of $22 million. refinements to certain insurance liabilities and other adjustments in 2016 resulted in a $4 million increase to adjusted earnings.
taxes and other. the company received tax benefits in both 2016 and 2015; however, since the 2015 benefit exceeded the 2016 benefit, adjusted earnings decreased by $19 million. adjusted earnings for 2015 were positively impacted by the conversion to calendar year reporting for certain of our subsidiaries; however, this was offset by certain one-time items, including re-branding and legal expenses. our 2016 adjusted earnings benefited from the cancellation of a distribution agreement with one of our bancassurance partners, which improved adjusted earnings by $3 million.
metlife holdings business overview. in connection with the separation and the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture, we have discontinued the marketing of life and annuity products in this segment, which has led to lower revenues. this will result in a declining dac asset over time and we anticipate an average decline in premiums, fees and other revenues of approximately 5% per year from expected business run-off. a significant portion of our adjusted earnings is driven by separate account balances. most directly, these balances determine asset-based fee income but they also impact dac amortization and asset-based commissions. separate account balances are driven by sales, movements in the market, surrenders, withdrawals, benefit payments, transfers and policy charges. separate account balances increased due to equity market performance, partially offset by the impact of negative net flows, as benefits, surrenders and withdrawals exceeded sales. although we have discontinued selling our long-term care product, we continue to collect premiums and administer the existing block of business, which contributed to asset growth in the segment, and we expect the related reserves to grow as this block matures.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends       7,000                 7,523                 7,346
interest credited to policyholder account balances                1,018                 1,042                 1,062
capitalization of dac                                               (82    )             (281    )             (410    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                          547                   292                   582
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
business growth. lower net investment income, resulting from a reduced invested asset base, decreased adjusted earnings. the reduced asset base is primarily the result of the 2016 recapture of certain assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements with brighthouse. this decline was partially offset by net asset growth in our long-term care and life businesses. consistent with this asset growth, interest credited on insurance liabilities increased. in our deferred annuities business, negative net flows contributed to a decrease in average separate account balances, and consequently, asset-based fee income. the discontinuance of a distribution agreement, resulting from the separation, also contributed to the decline in variable annuity fee income. in our life business, a decrease in universal life sales resulted in lower fee income, net of dac amortization, decreasing adjusted earnings. the combined impact of the items discussed above resulted in a $314 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including interest rate levels, variability in equity market returns, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our results; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased primarily due to declines in prepayment fees and derivative income, as well as lower returns on real estate joint ventures. these reductions in yields were partially offset by higher returns on other limited partnership interests, driven by improvements in equity market performance. in our deferred annuity business, higher equity returns drove an increase in average separate account balances which resulted in higher asset-based fee income. adjusted earnings increased due to declines in dac amortization. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in an $8 million increase in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable claims experience in our long-term care business, partially offset by favorable mortality in our life business, resulted in a $20 million decrease in adjusted earnings. the impact in both 2017 and 2016 of our annual actuarial assumption review resulted in an increase of $156 million in adjusted earnings and was primarily related to favorable dac unlockings in 2017 compared to unfavorable dac unlockings in 2016, primarily in our life business. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in 2017 and 2016 resulted in a $196 million increase in adjusted earnings. this includes favorable 2017 refinements of (i) a $36 million dac adjustment related to certain participating whole life business assumed from brighthouse; and (ii) a $55 million reserve adjustment resulting from modeling improvements in our life business reserving process. this also includes a 2017 net unfavorable impact from a life reinsurance recapture and an unfavorable 2016 adjustment of $30 million resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process in our universal life business.
expenses. adjusted earnings increased by $181 million as a result of lower expenses, primarily due to lower costs as a result of the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture, partially offset by separation-related expenses.
other. adjusted earnings increased by $267 million as a result of the separation and continued annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse. this favorable impact was primarily due to the recapture in 2016 of certain assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements, and the elimination of interest credited payments on the related reinsurance payable, as well as lower dac amortization. this increase was partially offset by the net unfavorable impact in 2017 from the recapture and novation of, as well as refinements to, assumed and ceded agreements covering certain variable annuity business. favorable results from our reinsurance agreement with our former operating joint venture in japan due to higher fund returns resulted in a $13 million increase in adjusted earnings.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
business growth. net investment income increased slightly resulting from a larger invested asset base. net asset growth in our life, annuities and long-term care businesses was largely offset by negative net flows as a result of the recapture of two assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements with brighthouse, which decreased our invested asset base. consistent with the aforementioned asset growth, interest credited on insurance liabilities also increased. lower universal life sales resulted in lower fee income. additionally, adjusted earnings increased since the adjusted loss from broker-dealer operations was included in the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture; this also resulted in declines in both revenues and expenses. the combined impact of the items discussed above resulted in a $7 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
market factors. market factors, including low interest rates, volatile equity markets, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, continued to impact our investment yields; however, certain impacts were mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. investment yields decreased on our fixed maturity securities as proceeds from maturing investments and the growth in the investment portfolio were invested at lower yields than the portfolio average. we also had lower income on derivatives and alternative investments. these decreases in net investment income were partially offset by higher returns on private equities. in our deferred annuity business, lower equity returns in 2015 drove a decline in average separate account balances which resulted in a decrease in asset-based fee income in 2016 relative to 2015. this decrease was partially offset by lower average interest crediting rates and declines in dac amortization. the changes in market factors discussed above resulted in a $179 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
underwriting, actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments. unfavorable mortality, primarily in our universal life business, and unfavorable claim experience in our long-term care business resulted in a $58 million decrease in adjusted earnings. the impact of our annual actuarial assumption review, which occurred in both 2016 and 2015, resulted in a net adjusted earnings decrease of $34 million and was primarily related to unfavorable dac unlockings. refinements to dac and certain insurance-related liabilities that were recorded in both 2016 and 2015, including a 2016 reserve adjustment resulting from modeling improvements in the reserving process in our universal life business, resulted in a $165 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
expenses. adjusted earnings increased by $78 million as a result of lower expenses, primarily due to lower costs as a result of the u.s. retail advisor force divestiture.
other. annuities reinsurance activity with brighthouse decreased adjusted earnings by $160 million. this was primarily due to the aforementioned recapture of certain assumed single-premium deferred annuity reinsurance agreements that resulted in unfavorable recapture settlements and an increase in the related dac amortization, partially offset by lower interest credited on the related reinsurance payables. the impact of the lower interest credited was largely offset by the lower net investment income earned on the assets transferred in connection with the recapture. unfavorable results from our reinsurance agreement with our former operating joint venture in japan resulted in a $14 million decrease in adjusted earnings.
adjusted expenses policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends          26                  41                  (114    )
interest credited to policyholder account balances                    1                   6                    23
capitalization of dac                                                (8    )             (7    )               (3    )
provision for income tax expense (benefit)                         (688    )           (948    )             (366    )
other business activities                                             $18                 $(5    )             $(41    )
corporate initiatives and projects                                   (179    )           (129    )             (169    )
incremental tax benefit (expense) and other tax-related items          61                 438                  (256    )
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
other business activities. adjusted earnings from other business activities increased $23 million. this was primarily due to growth and improved results from our start-up operations predominantly from our investment management business.
other net investment income. other net investment income decreased by $76 million primarily driven by a lower invested asset base and lower returns on alternative investments (excluding the impact of u.s. tax reform) and real estate joint ventures. these decreases were partially offset by a decrease in the amount credited to the segments due to both a reduction in the crediting rate and the amount of economic capital managed by corporate & other on their behalf.
interest expense on debt. interest expense on debt decreased by $35 million, mainly due to the maturity of $1.3 billion of our senior notes in june 2016.
corporate initiatives and projects. expenses associated with corporate initiatives and projects increased by $50 million, primarily due to higher costs associated with enterprise-wide initiatives, primarily related to lease impairments and costs related to our unit cost initiative.
incremental tax benefit and other tax-related items. corporate & other benefits from the impact of certain permanent tax preferenced items, including non-taxable investment income and tax credits for investments in low income housing. as a result, our effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate of 35%. in 2017, we had a $180 million net tax charge related to the repatriation of approximately $3.0 billion of cash following the post-separation review of our capital needs, partially offset by a tax benefit associated with dividends from our non-u.s. operations and a $41 million tax benefit from the finalization of certain tax audits. results for 2016 include a $46 million tax benefit related to the finalization of certain tax audits. in addition, higher utilization of tax preferenced items increased adjusted earnings by $106 million over 2016.
other. adjusted earnings decreased from 2016 as a result of a $32 million increase in asbestos and litigation reserves, a $25 million increase in employee-related expenses, $18 million of expenses incurred in 2017 related to the guaranty fund assessment for penn treaty, and a $13 million increase in expenses for interest on uncertain tax positions. these decreases in adjusted earnings were partially offset by a $31 million decrease in certain corporate expenses and $26 million of favorable net adjustments to certain reinsurance assets and liabilities in both 2017 and 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
other business activities. adjusted earnings from other business activities increased $36 million. this was primarily related to improved results from our start-up operations.
other net investment income. a $71 million decrease in other net investment income was primarily driven by lower returns on fixed maturity securities as a result of the low interest rate environment and a decrease in average total portfolio holdings, primarily driven by a capital contribution to brighthouse life insurance company (formerly metlife insurance company usa) ("brighthouse insurance"). additionally, lower returns on real estate, real estate joint ventures and private equities decreased other net investment income.
interest expense on debt. the maturity of $1.0 billion of senior notes in june 2015 and $1.3 billion of senior notes in june 2016 and the maturity of other long-term debt in 2015 and 2016, partially offset by the issuance of $1.5 billion of senior notes in march 2015 and $1.3 billion of senior notes in november 2015 and higher interest on floating rate debt resulted in a net decrease to interest expense on debt of $29 million.
preferred stock dividends. preferred stock dividends decreased by $13 million. in june 2015, metlife, inc. repurchased its 6.50% non-cumulative preferred stock, series b (the "series b preferred stock") on which dividends had been paid quarterly. also in june 2015, metlife, inc. issued 1,500,000 shares of its 5.25% fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series c (the "series c preferred stock") on which dividends are payable semi-annually until june 15, 2020, and are payable quarterly thereafter.
corporate initiatives and projects. expenses associated with corporate initiatives and projects decreased by $40 million, primarily due to lower costs associated with enterprise-wide initiatives taken by the company.
incremental tax benefit and other tax-related items. corporate & other benefits from the impact of certain permanent tax preferenced items, including non-taxable investment income and tax credits for investments in low income housing. as a result, our effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate of 35%. in 2016, we had higher utilization of tax preferenced investments, which increased our adjusted earnings by $69 million over 2015. in addition, our results for 2016 include a tax benefit of $46 million for the finalization of certain tax audits and $22 million related to an investment tax credit. our 2015 results included the aforementioned tax charge of $557 million, which was recorded under accounting guidance for the recognition of tax uncertainties.
other. our 2015 results include the aforementioned $235 million charge for interest on uncertain tax positions. in 2016, adjusted earnings decreased by $23 million due to an increase in litigation reserves and $9 million as a result of net adjustments to certain reinsurance assets and liabilities. in addition, adjusted earnings decreased $27 million due to higher employee-related costs, including those related to the separation. an impairment charge on a real estate property in 2015, partially offset by higher real estate costs in 2016, increased adjusted earnings by $10 million.
an increase in inflation could affect our business in several ways. during inflationary periods, the value of fixed income investments falls which could increase realized and unrealized losses. inflation also increases expenses for labor and other materials, potentially putting pressure on profitability if such costs cannot be passed through in our product prices. inflation could also lead to increased costs for losses and loss adjustment expenses in certain of our businesses, which could require us to adjust our pricing to reflect our expectations for future inflation. prolonged and elevated inflation could adversely affect the financial markets and the economy generally, and dispelling it may require governments to pursue a restrictive fiscal and monetary policy, which could constrain overall economic activity, inhibit revenue growth and reduce the number of attractive investment opportunities.
investments investment risks our primary investment objective is to optimize, net of income tax, risk-adjusted investment income and risk-adjusted total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. the investments department, led by the chief investment officer, manages investment risks using a risk control framework comprised of policies, procedures and limits, as discussed further below. the investments risk committee, chaired by grm, reviews and monitors investment risk limits and tolerances. we are exposed to the following primary sources of investment risks:
   credit risk, relating to the uncertainty associated with the continued ability of a given obligor to make timely payments of principal and interest;
   interest rate risk, relating to the market price and cash flow variability associated with changes in market interest rates. changes in market interest rates will impact the net unrealized gain or loss position of our fixed income investment portfolio and the rates of return we receive on both new funds invested and reinvestment of existing funds;
   liquidity risk, relating to the diminished ability to sell certain investments, in times of strained market conditions;
   market valuation risk, relating to the variability in the estimated fair value of investments associated with changes in market factors such as credit spreads and equity market levels. a widening of credit spreads will adversely impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio, will increase losses associated with credit-based non-qualifying derivatives where we assume credit exposure, and, if credit spreads widen significantly or for an extended period of time, will likely result in higher otti. credit spread tightening will reduce net investment income associated with purchases of fixed maturity securities and will favorably impact the net unrealized gain (loss) position of the fixed income investment portfolio;
   currency risk, relating to the variability in currency exchange rates for foreign denominated investments. this risk relates to potential decreases in estimated fair value and net investment income resulting from changes in currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar. in general, the weakening of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar will adversely affect the estimated fair value of our foreign denominated investments; and
   real estate risk, relating to commercial, agricultural and residential real estate, and stemming from factors, which include, but are not limited to, market conditions, including the demand and supply of leasable commercial space, creditworthiness of borrowers and their tenants and joint venture partners, capital markets volatility and inherent interest rate movements.
we manage investment risk through in-house fundamental credit analysis of the underlying obligors, issuers, transaction structures and real estate properties. we also manage credit, market and liquidity risk through industry and issuer diversification and asset allocation. these risk limits, approved annually by a committee of directors that oversees our investment portfolio, promote diversification by asset sector, avoid concentrations in any single issuer and limit overall aggregate credit and equity risk exposure, as measured by our economic capital framework. for real estate assets, we manage credit and market risk through asset allocation and by diversifying by geography, property and product type. we manage interest rate risk as part of our alm strategies. these strategies include maintaining an investment portfolio with diversified maturities that has a weighted average duration that reflects the duration of our estimated liability cash flow profile, and utilizing product design, such as the use of market value adjustment features and surrender charges, to manage interest rate risk. we also manage interest rate risk through proactive monitoring and management of certain non-guaranteed elements of our products, such as the resetting of credited interest and dividend rates for policies that permit such adjustments. in addition to hedging with foreign currency derivatives, we manage currency risk by matching much of our foreign currency liabilities in our foreign subsidiaries with their respective foreign currency assets, thereby reducing our risk to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. we also use certain derivatives in the management of credit, interest rate, and market valuation risk.
we use purchased credit default swaps to mitigate credit risk in our investment portfolio. generally, we purchase credit protection by entering into credit default swaps referencing the issuers of specific assets we own. in certain cases, basis risk exists between these credit default swaps and the specific assets we own. for example, we may purchase credit protection on a macro basis to reduce exposure to specific industries or other portfolio concentrations. in such instances, the referenced entities and obligations under the credit default swaps may not be identical to the individual obligors or securities in our investment portfolio. in addition, our purchased credit default swaps may have shorter tenors than the underlying investments they are hedging. however, we dynamically hedge this risk through the rebalancing and rollover of our credit default swaps at their most liquid tenors. we believe that our purchased credit default swaps serve as effective economic hedges of our credit exposure.
we enter into market standard purchased and written credit default swap contracts. payout under such contracts is triggered by certain credit events experienced by the referenced entities. for credit default swaps covering north american corporate issuers, credit events typically include bankruptcy and failure to pay on borrowed money. for european corporate issuers, credit events typically also include involuntary restructuring. with respect to credit default contracts on western european sovereign debt, credit events typically include failure to pay debt obligations, repudiation, moratorium, or involuntary restructuring. in each case, payout on a credit default swap is triggered only after the credit derivatives determinations committee of the international swaps and derivatives association determines that a credit event has occurred.
current environment as a global insurance company, we continue to be impacted by the changing global financial and economic environment, as well as the monetary policy of central banks around the world. see "- industry trends - financial and economic environment." measures taken by central banks, including with respect to the level of interest rates, may have an impact on the pricing levels of risk-bearing investments and may adversely impact our business operations, investment portfolio and derivatives. the current environment continues to impact our net investment income, net investment gains (losses), net derivative gains (losses), level of unrealized gains (losses) within the various asset classes in our investment portfolio, and our level of investment in lower yielding cash equivalents, short-term investments and government securities. see "risk factors - economic environment and capital markets-related risks - we are exposed to significant global financial and capital markets risks which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and may cause our net investment income to vary from period to period."
european investments we maintain general account investments in europe to support our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities in these countries and certain of our non-european operations invest in europe for diversification. in europe, we have proactively mitigated risk in both direct and indirect exposures by investing in a diversified portfolio of high quality investments with a focus on the higher-rated countries, including the u.k., germany, france, the netherlands, poland, norway and sweden. the sovereign and agency debt of these countries continues to maintain investment grade credit ratings from all major rating agencies. european sovereign and agency fixed maturity securities, at estimated fair value, were $8.6 billion at december 31, 2017. our european corporate securities (fixed maturity and perpetual hybrid securities classified as non-redeemable preferred stock) are invested in a diversified portfolio of primarily non-financial services securities, which comprised $19.3 billion, or 66%, of european total corporate securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2017. of these european fixed maturity securities, 94% were investment grade and, for the 6% that were below investment grade, the majority were non-financial services corporate securities at december 31, 2017. european financial services corporate securities, at estimated fair value, were $9.8 billion (including $6.4 billion within the banking sector) with 99% investment grade, at december 31, 2017. total european fixed maturity securities, at estimated fair value, were $38.2 billion at december 31, 2017, including $417 million of structured securities.
selected country investments we have country specific exposure to volatility, as we maintain general account investments in the selected countries as summarized below to support our insurance operations and related policyholder liabilities in these countries and we also have exposure through our global portfolio diversification.
the following table presents a summary of fixed maturity securities in these countries. the information below is presented on a country of risk basis (e.g. the country where the issuer primarily conducts business). sovereign includes government and agency.
selected country fixed maturity securities at december 31, 2017
united kingdom             $27                  $3,117                    $8,117                     $310                 $11,571
we manage direct and indirect investment exposure in the selected countries through fundamental credit analysis and we continually monitor and adjust our level of investment exposure. we do not expect that our general account investments in these countries will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
investment portfolio results the following yield table presents the yield and net investment income, as reported on an adjusted basis, for our investment portfolio for the periods indicated. we calculate yields using reported net investment income, as reported on an adjusted basis. net investment income, as reported on an adjusted basis, includes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. this yield table presentation is consistent with how we measure our investment performance for management purposes, and we believe it enhances understanding of our investment portfolio results.
fixed maturity securities (2) (3)                                               4.29           %     $11,401              4.38           %     $11,665              4.62           %     $11,788
equity securities                                                               5.15           %         129              4.82           %         120              4.79           %         124
other limited partnership interests                                            14.93           %         797              9.23           %         478              9.32           %         535
(1)   yields are calculated as investment income as a percent of average quarterly asset carrying values. investment income excludes recognized gains and losses. asset carrying values exclude unrealized gains (losses), collateral received in connection with our securities lending program, annuities funding structured settlement claims, freestanding derivative assets, collateral received from derivative counterparties, the effects of consolidating certain variable interest entities ("vies") under gaap that are treated as consolidated securitization entities ("cses"), contractholder-directed unit-linked investments and fvo brighthouse common stock. a yield is not presented for other invested assets as it is not considered a meaningful measure of performance for this asset class.
(2)   investment income from fixed maturity securities includes amounts from fvo securities of $68 million, $37 million and $21 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   investment income from fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans includes prepayment fees.
see "- results of operations - consolidated results - year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016" and "- results of operations - consolidated results -year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015," for an analysis of the year over year changes in net investment income.
fixed maturity and equity securities afs the following table presents fixed maturity and equity securities afs by type (public or private) and information about perpetual and redeemable securities held at:
fixed maturity securities publicly-traded                                                                                          $262,078                       84.8   %          $247,229                       85.4   %
total fixed maturity securities                                                                          $308,931                      100.0   %          $289,563                      100.0   %
equity securities publicly-traded                                                                                            $1,490                       59.3   %            $1,854                       64.1   %
total equity securities                                                                                    $2,513                      100.0   %            $2,894                      100.0   %
perpetual securities included within fixed maturity and equity securities afs                                $440                                             $527
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity included within fixed maturity securities afs              $884                                             $758
perpetual securities are included within fixed maturity and equity securities. upon acquisition, we classify perpetual securities that have attributes of both debt and equity as fixed maturity securities if the securities have an interest rate step-up feature which, when combined with other qualitative factors, indicates that the securities have more debt-like characteristics; while those with more equity-like characteristics are classified as equity securities. many of such securities, commonly referred to as "perpetual hybrid securities," have been issued by non-u.s. financial institutions that are accorded the highest two capital treatment categories by their respective regulatory bodies (i.e. core capital, or "tier 1 capital" and perpetual deferrable securities, or "upper tier 2 capital").
redeemable preferred stock with a stated maturity is included within fixed maturity securities. these securities, which are commonly referred to as "capital securities," primarily have cumulative interest deferral features and are primarily issued by u.s. financial institutions.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage a broad array of securities, limited partnership interests and liquid investments on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. assets under management, by sector, as of december 31, 2017, at estimated fair value, were as follows: investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities, including privately-placed, infrastructure and state and political subdivision, $66.6 billion; structured finance fixed maturity securities, including residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs"), commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") and asset-backed securities ("abs") (collectively, "structured securities"), $15.8 billion; u.s. government and agency fixed maturity securities, $21.7 billion; foreign government fixed maturity securities, $2.1 billion; below investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities, including emerging market and high yield, $7.7 billion; equity securities, $0.3 billion; other limited partnership interests, $1.7 billion; and cash equivalents and short-term investments, $3.0 billion. assets under management, by sector, as of december 31, 2016, at estimated fair value, were as follows: investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities, including privately-placed and infrastructure, $7.9 billion; and below investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities, including high yield, $0.4 billion. as these assets are managed on behalf of, and owned by, our institutional clients, they are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
in connection with both our general account business and our investment management business as described above, we manage a large portfolio of fixed maturity and equity securities, short-term investments and cash and cash equivalents, which includes privately-placed securities. the estimated fair value of privately-placed and certain public securities managed by our private placement unit for both our general account and our institutional clients was $66.1 billion at december 31, 2017, including $16.5 billion of infrastructure debt. the portion of such securities managed for our general account and included in our consolidated financial statements was $43.9 billion, at estimated fair value at december 31, 2017.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage index investment portfolios that track the return of industry fixed income and equity market indices such as the bloomberg barclays u.s. aggregate bond index and s&p 500 index. these assets had an estimated fair value of $28.5 billion and $27.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016 respectively. index investment portfolios included within separate account assets in our consolidated financial statements were $14.9 billion at both december 31, 2017 and 2016. index investment portfolios managed on behalf of our institutional clients were $13.6 billion at december 31, 2017 and are not included in our consolidated financial statements. index investment portfolios managed on behalf of our institutional clients, by sector, as of december 31, 2017, at estimated fair value, were as follows: investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities and state and political subdivision securities, $794 million; structured securities, $828 million; u.s. government and agency fixed maturity securities, $1.1 billion; equity securities, $10.4 billion; and cash equivalents and short-term investments, $517 million. index investment portfolios of $12.3 billion at december 31, 2016 were included within assets of disposed subsidiary on our consolidated financial statements.
valuation of securities. we are responsible for the determination of the estimated fair value of our investments. we determine the estimated fair value of publicly-traded securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: quoted market prices in active markets, independent pricing services, or independent broker quotations. we determine the estimated fair value of privately-placed securities after considering one of three primary sources of information: market standard internal matrix pricing, market standard internal discounted cash flow techniques, or independent pricing services (after we determine the independent pricing services' use of available observable market data). for publicly-traded securities, the number of quotations obtained varies by instrument and depends on the liquidity of the particular instrument. generally, we obtain prices from multiple pricing services to cover all asset classes and obtain multiple prices for certain securities, but ultimately utilize the price with the highest placement in the fair value hierarchy. independent pricing services that value these instruments use market standard valuation methodologies based on data about market transactions and inputs from multiple pricing sources that are market observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the types of market standard valuation methodologies utilized and key assumptions and observable inputs used in applying these standard valuation methodologies. when a price is not available in the active market or through an independent pricing service, management values the security primarily using market standard internal matrix pricing or discounted cash flow techniques, and non-binding quotations from independent brokers who are knowledgeable about these securities. independent non-binding broker quotations utilize inputs that may be difficult to corroborate with observable market data. as shown in the following section, less than 1% of our fixed maturity securities were valued using non-binding quotations from independent brokers at december 31, 2017.
we have reviewed the significance and observability of inputs used in the valuation methodologies to determine the appropriate fair value hierarchy level for each of our securities. based on the results of this review and investment class analysis, each instrument is categorized as level 1, 2 or 3 based on the lowest level significant input to its valuation. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the valuation techniques and inputs by level within the three level fair value hierarchy by major classes of invested assets.
fair value of fixed maturity and equity securities - afs fixed maturity and equity securities afs measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis and their corresponding fair value pricing sources are as follows:
fixed maturitysecurities                    equitysecurities
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs fair value hierarchy.
the composition of fair value pricing sources for and significant changes in level 3 securities at december 31, 2017 are as follows:
   the majority of the level 3 fixed maturity and equity securities afs were concentrated in three sectors: u.s. and foreign corporate securities and rmbs.
   level 3 fixed maturity securities are priced principally through market standard valuation methodologies, independent pricing services and, to a much lesser extent, independent non-binding broker quotations using inputs that are not market observable or cannot be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. level 3 fixed maturity securities consist of less liquid securities with very limited trading activity or where less price transparency exists around the inputs to the valuation methodologies. level 3 fixed maturity securities include: sub-prime rmbs; certain below investment grade private securities and less liquid investment grade corporate securities (included in u.s. and foreign corporate securities) and less liquid abs.
   during the year ended december 31, 2017, level 3 fixed maturity securities decreased by $782 million, or 5%. the decrease was driven by transfers out of level 3 in excess of transfers into level 3, partially offset by purchases in excess of sales and an increase in estimated fair value recognized in oci.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a rollforward of the fair value measurements for fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs; transfers into and/or out of level 3; and further information about the valuation techniques and inputs by level by major classes of invested assets that affect the amounts reported above.
fixed maturity securities afs see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about fixed maturity securities afs by sector, contractual maturities and continuous gross unrealized losses.
fixed maturity securities credit quality - ratings the securities valuation office of the naic evaluates the fixed maturity security investments of insurers for regulatory reporting and capital assessment purposes and assigns securities to one of six credit quality categories called "naic designations." if no designation is available from the naic, then, as permitted by the naic, an internally developed designation is used. the naic designations are generally similar to the credit quality ratings of the nrsro for fixed maturity securities, except for certain structured securities as described below. rating agency ratings are based on availability of applicable ratings from rating agencies on the naic credit rating provider list, including moody's, s&p, fitch, dominion bond rating service, a.m. best, kroll bond rating agency, egan jones ratings company and morningstar credit ratings, llc ("morningstar"). if no rating is available from a rating agency, then an internally developed rating is used.
the naic has adopted revised methodologies for certain structured securities comprised of non-agency rmbs, cmbs and abs. the naic's objective with the revised methodologies for these structured securities was to increase the accuracy in assessing expected losses, and to use the improved assessment to determine a more appropriate capital requirement for such structured securities. the revised methodologies reduce regulatory reliance on rating agencies and allow for greater regulatory input into the assumptions used to estimate expected losses from structured securities. we apply the revised naic methodologies to structured securities held by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries that maintain the naic statutory basis of accounting. the naic's present methodology is to evaluate structured securities held by insurers using the revised naic methodologies on an annual basis. if metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries acquire structured securities that have not been previously evaluated by the naic, but are expected to be evaluated by the naic in the upcoming annual review, an internally developed designation is used until a final designation becomes available. naic designations may not correspond to nrsro ratings.
the following table presents total fixed maturity securities by nrsro rating and the applicable naic designation from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations, except for certain structured securities, which are presented using the revised naic methodologies as described above, as well as the percentage, based on estimated fair value that each naic designation is comprised of at:
total fixed maturity securities          $286,069                        $22,862                        $308,931                      100.0   %          $271,676                        $17,887                        $289,563                     100.0   %
the following tables present total fixed maturity securities, based on estimated fair value, by sector classification and by nrsro rating and the applicable naic designations from the naic published comparison of nrsro ratings to naic designations, except for certain structured securities, which are presented using the revised naic methodologies as described above:
fixed maturity securities - by sector &amp; credit quality rating naic designation:                                1                     2                     3                     4                         5                               6              totalestimatedfair value nrsro rating:                             aaa/aa/a                   baa                    ba                     b             caa and lower        in or near default
state and political subdivision        11,921                   454                    78                     -                       -                             2                              12,455
total fixed maturity securities      $218,830               $72,396               $11,711                $5,155                    $833               $6                                         $308,931
state and political subdivision        11,670                   470                    87                     -                       4               -                                            12,231
total fixed maturity securities      $205,945               $65,820               $12,156                $4,788                    $853               $1                                         $289,563
u.s. and foreign corporate fixed maturity securities we maintain a diversified portfolio of corporate fixed maturity securities across industries and issuers. this portfolio does not have any exposure to any single issuer in excess of 1% of total investments and the top 10 holdings comprised 1% and 2% of total investments at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the tables below present our u.s. and foreign corporate securities holdings by industry at:
utility                   21,773                 15.8                       19,931                  15.4
structured securities we held $49.3 billion and $47.7 billion of structured securities, at estimated fair value, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, as presented in the rmbs, abs and cmbs sections below.
by security type:
pass-through securities                        13,412                 46.6                                 41                            12,190                 42.0                                 64
collateralized mortgage obligations are structured by dividing the cash flows of mortgages into separate pools or tranches of risk that create multiple classes of bonds with varying maturities and priority of payments. pass-through mortgage-backed securities are secured by a mortgage or collection of mortgages. the monthly mortgage payments from homeowners pass from the originating bank through an intermediary, such as a government agency or investment bank, which collects the payments and, for a fee, remits or passes these payments through to the holders of the pass-through securities.
the majority of our rmbs holdings were rated aaa/aaa by moody's, s&p or fitch; and were designated naic 1 by the naic at december 31, 2017 and 2016. agency rmbs were guaranteed or otherwise supported by federal national mortgage association, federal home loan mortgage corporation or government national mortgage association. non-agency rmbs include prime, alternative residential mortgage loans ("alt-a") and sub-prime rmbs. prime residential mortgage lending includes the origination of residential mortgage loans to the most creditworthy borrowers with high quality credit profiles. alt-a is a classification of mortgage loans where the risk profile of the borrower is between prime and sub-prime. sub-prime mortgage lending is the origination of residential mortgage loans to borrowers with weak credit profiles.
included within prime and alt-a rmbs are re-securitization of real estate mortgage investment conduit ("re-remic") securities. re-remic rmbs involve the pooling of previous issues of prime and alt-a rmbs and restructuring the combined pools to create new senior and subordinated securities. the credit enhancement on the senior tranches is improved through the re-securitization.
historically, we have managed our exposure to sub-prime rmbs holdings by focusing primarily on senior tranche securities, stress testing the portfolio with severe loss assumptions and closely monitoring the performance of the portfolio. our sub-prime rmbs portfolio consists predominantly of securities that were purchased after 2012 at significant discounts to par value and discounts to the expected principal recovery value of these securities. the vast majority of these securities are investment grade under the naic designations (e.g., naic 1 and naic 2). the estimated fair value of our sub-prime rmbs holdings purchased since 2012 was $3.1 billion and $3.5 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, with unrealized gains (losses) of $200 million and $123 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
credit card loans                           1,686                 13.7                                  1                               871                  7.8                                 10
the tables above reflect nrsro ratings including moody's, s&p, fitch and morningstar. cmbs designated naic 1 were 98.0% and 98.1% of total cmbs at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
evaluation of afs securities for otti and evaluating temporarily impaired afs securities see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the evaluation of fixed maturity securities and equity securities afs for otti and evaluation of temporarily impaired afs securities.
otti losses on fixed maturity and equity securities afs recognized in earnings see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about otti losses and gross gains and gross losses on afs securities sold.
fixed maturity and equity security otti losses recognized in earnings credit-related impairments of fixed maturity securities were $10 million, $97 million and $59 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
explanations of changes in fixed maturity and equity securities impairments are as follows:
year ended december 31, 2017 compared with the year ended december 31, 2016
overall otti losses recognized in earnings on fixed maturity and equity securities were $35 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to $182 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the most significant decrease in otti losses was in u.s. and foreign corporate securities and common stock, which comprised $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to $162 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. a decrease of $134 million in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities and common stock was concentrated in industrial securities and was the result of lower oil prices impacting the energy sector in 2016.
year ended december 31, 2016 compared with the year ended december 31, 2015
overall otti losses recognized in earnings on fixed maturity and equity securities were $182 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the most significant increase in otti losses was in u.s. and foreign corporate securities and common stock, which comprised $162 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, as compared to $73 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. an increase of $89 million in otti losses on u.s. and foreign corporate securities and common stock was concentrated in industrial securities and was the result of lower oil prices impacting the energy sector in 2016.
future impairments future otti will depend primarily on economic fundamentals, issuer performance (including changes in the present value of future cash flows expected to be collected), and changes in credit ratings, collateral valuation, interest rates and credit spreads. if economic fundamentals deteriorate or if there are adverse changes in the above factors, otti may be incurred in upcoming periods.
fvo securities fvo securities were $16.7 billion and $13.9 billion at estimated fair value, or 3.7% and 3.2% of cash and invested assets, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. fvo securities are primarily comprised of contractholder-directed investments supporting unit-linked variable annuity type liabilities which do not qualify as separate accounts. see notes 8 and 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of our fvo securities portfolio, the fvo securities fair value hierarchy and a rollforward of the fair value measurements for fvo securities measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable (level 3) inputs.
securities lending we participate in a securities lending program whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. we obtain collateral, usually cash, in an amount generally equal to 102% of the estimated fair value of the securities loaned, which is obtained at the inception of a loan and maintained at a level greater than or equal to 100% for the duration of the loan. we monitor the estimated fair value of the securities loaned on a daily basis with additional collateral obtained as necessary throughout the duration of the loan. securities loaned under such transactions may be sold or re-pledged by the transferee. we are liable to return to our counterparties the cash collateral under our control. security collateral on deposit from counterparties may not be sold or re-pledged, unless the counterparty is in default, and is not reflected on the consolidated financial statements. these transactions are treated as financing arrangements and the associated cash collateral liability is recorded at the amount of the cash received.
see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - securities lending" and note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding our securities lending program.
repurchase agreements the company participates in short-term repurchase agreements with unaffiliated financial institutions. under these agreements, the company lends fixed maturity securities and receives cash as collateral in an amount generally equal to 85% to 100% of the estimated fair value of the securities loaned at the inception of the transaction. the associated liability is recorded at the amount of cash received. the company monitors the estimated fair value of the collateral and the securities loaned throughout the duration of the transaction and additional collateral is obtained as necessary. securities loaned under such transactions may be sold or re-pledged by the transferee.
fhlb boston advance agreements a subsidiary of the company participates in short-term advance agreements with the federal home loan bank of boston ("fhlb boston"). under these agreements, such subsidiary pledges fixed maturity securities as collateral and receives cash. the associated liability is recorded at the amount of cash received. fhlb boston has minimum collateral requirements which vary depending on the type of collateral pledged. securities pledged as collateral under such transactions may not be sold or re-pledged by the transferee.
we diversify our mortgage loan portfolio by both geographic region and property type to reduce the risk of concentration. of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loan portfolios, 82% are collateralized by properties located in the united states, with the remaining 18% collateralized by properties located outside the united states, which includes 7% of properties located in the u.k., at december 31, 2017. the carrying values of our commercial and agricultural mortgage loans located in california, new york and texas were 19%, 11% and 7%, respectively, of total commercial and agricultural mortgage loans at december 31, 2017. additionally, we manage risk when originating commercial and agricultural mortgage loans by generally lending up to 75% of the estimated fair value of the underlying real estate collateral.
we manage our residential mortgage loan portfolio in a similar manner to reduce risk of concentration, with 90% collateralized by properties located in the united states, and the remaining 10% collateralized by properties located outside the united states, at december 31, 2017. the carrying values of our residential mortgage loans located in california, florida, and new york were 31%, 9%, and 6%, respectively, of total residential mortgage loans at december 31, 2017.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. these commercial, agricultural and residential mortgage loans had an estimated fair value of $14.7 billion and $3.0 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. as these assets are managed on behalf of, and owned by, our institutional clients, they are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
mortgage loan credit quality - monitoring process. we monitor our mortgage loan investments on an ongoing basis, including a review of loans that are current, past due, restructured and under foreclosure. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for tables that present mortgage loans by credit quality indicator, past due and nonaccrual mortgage loans, as well as impaired mortgage loans. see "- real estate and real estate joint ventures" for real estate acquired through foreclosure.
we review our commercial mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. these reviews may include an analysis of the property financial statements and rent roll, lease rollover analysis, property inspections, market analysis, estimated valuations of the underlying collateral, loan-to-value ratios, debt service coverage ratios and tenant creditworthiness. the monitoring process focuses on higher risk loans, which include those that are classified as restructured, delinquent or in foreclosure, as well as loans with higher loan-to-value ratios and lower debt service coverage ratios. the monitoring process for agricultural mortgage loans is generally similar, with a focus on higher risk loans, such as loans with higher loan-to-value ratios, including reviews on a geographic and sector basis. we review our residential mortgage loans on an ongoing basis. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on our evaluation of residential mortgage loans and related valuation allowance methodology.
loan-to-value ratios and debt service coverage ratios are common measures in the assessment of the quality of commercial mortgage loans. loan-to-value ratios are a common measure in the assessment of the quality of agricultural mortgage loans. loan-to-value ratios compare the amount of the loan to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral. a loan-to-value ratio greater than 100% indicates that the loan amount is greater than the collateral value. a loan-to-value ratio of less than 100% indicates an excess of collateral value over the loan amount. generally, the higher the loan-to-value ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. the debt service coverage ratio compares a property's net operating income to amounts needed to service the principal and interest due under the loan. generally, the lower the debt service coverage ratio, the higher the risk of experiencing a credit loss. for our commercial mortgage loans, our average loan-to-value ratio was 54% and 53% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and our average debt service coverage ratio was 2.7x at both december 31, 2017 and 2016. the debt service coverage ratio, as well as the values utilized in calculating the ratio, is updated annually on a rolling basis, with a portion of the portfolio updated each quarter. in addition, the loan-to-value ratio is routinely updated for all but the lowest risk loans as part of our ongoing review of our commercial mortgage loan portfolio. for our agricultural mortgage loans, our average loan-to-value ratio was 44% and 43% at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the values utilized in calculating the agricultural mortgage loan loan-to-value ratio are developed in connection with the ongoing review of the agricultural loan portfolio and are routinely updated.
mortgage loan valuation allowances. our valuation allowances are established both on a loan specific basis for those loans considered impaired where a property specific or market specific risk has been identified that could likely result in a future loss, as well as for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics where a property specific or market specific risk has not been identified, but for which we expect to incur a loss. accordingly, a valuation allowance is provided to absorb these estimated probable credit losses.
the determination of the amount of valuation allowances is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with our loan portfolios. such evaluations and assessments are based upon several factors, including our experience for loan losses, defaults and loss severity, and loss expectations for loans with similar risk characteristics. these evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available, which can cause the valuation allowances to increase or decrease over time as such evaluations are revised. negative credit migration, including an actual or expected increase in the level of problem loans, will result in an increase in the valuation allowance. positive credit migration, including an actual or expected decrease in the level of problem loans, will result in a decrease in the valuation allowance.
see notes 1, 8 and 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about how valuation allowances are established and monitored, activity in and balances of the valuation allowance, and the estimated fair value of impaired mortgage loans and related impairments included within net investment gains (losses) as of and for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
real estate and real estate joint ventures real estate and real estate joint ventures is comprised of wholly-owned real estate and joint ventures with interests in single property income-producing real estate, and to a lesser extent joint ventures with interests in multi-property projects with varying strategies ranging from the development of properties to the operation of income-producing properties, as well as a runoff portfolio of real estate private equity funds. the carrying values of real estate and real estate joint ventures was $9.6 billion and $8.9 billion, or 2.1% and 2.1% of cash and invested assets, including properties acquired through foreclosure of $48 million and $59 million, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the estimated fair value of our real estate investments was $14.9 billion and $14.0 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the total gross market value of such real estate investments was $19.1 billion and $18.7 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. gross market value is the total estimated fair value of these investments regardless of encumbering debt.
in connection with our investment management business, we manage commercial real estate investments on behalf of institutional clients, which are unaffiliated investors. these commercial real estate investments under management for unaffiliated investors had an estimated fair value of $5.2 billion and $4.3 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the total gross market value of commercial real estate investments under management for unaffiliated investors was $6.7 billion and $6.4 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. gross market value is the total estimated fair value of these investments regardless of encumbering debt. as these assets are managed on behalf of, and owned by, our institutional clients, they are not included in our consolidated financial statements.
geographical diversification: of our real estate investments, excluding funds, 69% were located in the united states, with the remaining 31% located outside the united states, at december 31, 2017. the carrying value of our real estate investments, excluding funds, located in japan, california and district of columbia were 27%, 14% and 10%, respectively, of total real estate investments, excluding funds, at december 31, 2017. real estate funds were 14% of our real estate investments at december 31, 2017. the majority of these funds hold underlying real estate investments that are well diversified across the united states.
other limited partnership interests other limited partnership interests are comprised of private equity funds and hedge funds. the carrying value of other limited partnership interests was $5.7 billion, or 1.3% of cash and invested assets, and $5.1 billion, or 1.2% of cash and invested assets, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, which included $643 million and $834 million of hedge funds, at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. cash distributions on these investments are generated from investment gains, income from operations from the underlying investments of the funds and liquidation of the underlying investments of the funds. we estimate that the underlying investments of the funds will be liquidated over the next two to 10 years.
freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values        $8,551               49.5      %           $12,139               62.8      %
tax credit and renewable energy partnerships                         3,167               18.3                    3,118               16.1
annuities funding structured settlement claims                       1,284                7.4                        -                  -
funds withheld                                                         298                1.7                      110                0.6
see notes 1, 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding freestanding derivatives with positive estimated fair values, tax credit and renewable energy partnerships, leveraged and direct financing leases, annuities funding structured settlement claims, operating joint ventures and funds withheld.
derivatives derivative risks we are exposed to various risks relating to our ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. we use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for:
see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk - management of market risk exposures - hedging activities" for more information about our use of derivatives by major hedge program.
the valuation of level 3 derivatives involves the use of significant unobservable inputs and generally requires a higher degree of management judgment or estimation than the valuations of level 1 and level 2 derivatives. although level 3 inputs are unobservable, management believes they are consistent with what other market participants would use when pricing such instruments and are considered appropriate given the circumstances. the use of different inputs or methodologies could have a material effect on the estimated fair value of level 3 derivatives and could materially affect net income.
derivatives categorized as level 3 at december 31, 2017 include: interest rate forwards with maturities which extend beyond the observable portion of the yield curve; interest rate total return swaps with unobservable repurchase rates; foreign currency swaps and forwards with certain unobservable inputs, including the unobservable portion of the yield curve; credit default swaps priced using unobservable credit spreads, or that are priced through independent broker quotations; equity variance swaps with unobservable volatility inputs; and equity index options with unobservable correlation inputs. at december 31, 2017, less than 1% of the estimated fair value of our derivatives was priced through independent broker quotations.
the gain (loss) on level 3 derivatives primarily relates to interest rate total return swaps with unobservable repurchase rates; certain purchased equity index options that are valued using models dependent on an unobservable market correlation input, equity variance swaps that are valued using observable equity volatility data plus an unobservable equity variance spread and foreign currency swaps and forwards that are valued using an unobservable portion of the swap yield curves. other significant inputs, which are observable, include equity index levels, equity volatility and the swap yield curves. we validate the reasonableness of these inputs by valuing the positions using internal models and comparing the results to broker quotations.
primary drivers of observable gain (loss)                       decreases in interest rates on interest rate derivatives; weakening of the us dollar versus foreign currencies on receive inflation-linked foreign currency derivatives; partially offset by decreases in certain equity volatility levels and increases in certain equity index levels on equity derivatives.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect derivatives.
credit risk see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about how we manage credit risk related to derivatives and for the estimated fair value of our net derivative assets and net derivative liabilities after the application of master netting agreements and collateral.
our policy is not to offset the fair value amounts recognized for derivatives executed with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement. this policy applies to the recognition of derivatives on the consolidated balance sheets, and does not affect our legal right of offset.
credit derivatives the following table presents the gross notional amount and estimated fair value of credit default swaps at:
credit default swaps           grossnotionalamount       estimated fair value               grossnotionalamount       estimated fair value
written                            11,375            271                                        10,732            152
the following table presents the gross gains, gross losses and net gain (losses) recognized in income for credit default swaps as follows:
credit default swaps           grossgains (1)       grosslosses (1)             netgains(losses)                grossgains (1)       grosslosses (1)             netgains(losses)
written (3), (4)                   152              (7              )       145                         95                           (24             )       71
(2)   as of december 31, 2016, the company no longer maintained a trading portfolio for derivatives. the gross gains and gross (losses) for purchased credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $4 million and ($4) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(3)   as of december 31, 2016, the company no longer maintained a trading portfolio for derivatives. the gross gains and gross (losses) for written credit default swaps in the trading portfolio were $3 and ($3) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(4)   gains (losses) do not include earned income (expense) on credit default swaps.
the favorable change in net gains (losses) on purchased credit default swaps of $16 million was due to certain credit spreads on credit default swaps hedging certain bonds, narrowing less in the current period as compared to the prior period. the favorable change in net gains (losses) on written credit default swaps of $74 million was due to certain credit spreads on certain credit default swaps used as replications narrowing more in the current period as compared to the prior period.
the maximum amount at risk related to our written credit default swaps is equal to the corresponding gross notional amount. in a replication transaction, we pair an asset on our balance sheet with a written credit default swap to synthetically replicate a corporate bond, a core asset holding of life insurance companies. replications are entered into in accordance with the guidelines approved by state insurance regulators and the naic and are an important tool in managing the overall corporate credit risk within the company. in order to match our long-dated insurance liabilities, we seek to buy long-dated corporate bonds. in some instances, these may not be readily available in the market, or they may be issued by corporations to which we already have significant corporate credit exposure. for example, by purchasing treasury bonds (or other high-quality assets) and associating them with written credit default swaps on the desired corporate credit name, we can replicate the desired bond exposures and meet our alm needs. in addition, given the shorter tenor of the credit default swaps (generally five-year tenors) versus a long-dated corporate bond, we have more flexibility in managing our credit exposures.
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information about the nonperformance risk adjustment included in the valuation of guaranteed minimum benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives.
see "- summary of critical accounting estimates - derivatives" for further information on the estimates and assumptions that affect embedded derivatives.
off-balance sheet arrangements credit and committed facilities we maintain an unsecured revolving credit facility, as well as committed facilities, with various financial institutions. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities" for further descriptions of such arrangements. for the classification of expenses on such credit and committed facilities and the nature of the associated liability for letters of credit issued and drawdowns on these credit and committed facilities, see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
collateral for securities lending, third-party custodian administered repurchase programs and derivatives we participate in a securities lending program in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. periodically we receive non-cash collateral for securities lending from counterparties on deposit from customers, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of this collateral was $19 million and $20 million at estimated fair value at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see notes 1 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, as well as "- investments - securities lending" for discussion of our securities lending program, the classification of revenues and expenses, and the nature of the secured financing arrangement and associated liability.
we also participate in third-party custodian administered repurchase programs for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio. we loan certain of our fixed maturity securities to financial institutions and, in exchange, non-cash collateral is put on deposit by the financial institutions on our behalf with third-party custodians. the estimated fair value of securities loaned in connection with these transactions was $182 million and $382 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively. non-cash collateral on deposit with third-party custodians on our behalf was $194 million and $401 million at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, respectively, which cannot be sold or re-pledged, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.
we enter into derivatives to manage various risks relating to our ongoing business operations. we have non-cash collateral from counterparties for derivatives, which can be sold or re-pledged subject to certain constraints, and which has not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of this non-cash collateral was $1.1 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral" and "derivatives" in note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the earned income on and the gross notional amount, estimated fair value of assets and liabilities and primary underlying risk exposure of our derivatives.
lease commitments as lessee, we have entered into various lease and sublease agreements for office space, information technology and other equipment. our commitments under such lease agreements are included within the contractual obligations table. see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - contractual obligations" and note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other we enter into the following additional commitments in the normal course of business for the purpose of enhancing the total return on our investment portfolio: mortgage loan commitments and commitments to fund partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments. see "net investment income" and "net investment gains (losses)" in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on the investment income, investment expense, and gains and losses from such investments. see also "- investments - fixed maturity and equity securities afs" and "- investments - mortgage loans" for information on our investments in fixed maturity securities and mortgage loans. see "- investments - real estate and real estate joint ventures" and "- investments - other limited partnership interests" for information on our partnership investments.
other than the commitments disclosed in note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, there are no other material obligations or liabilities arising from the commitments to fund mortgage loans, partnerships, bank credit facilities, bridge loans, and private corporate bond investments. for further information on commitments to fund partnership investments, mortgage loans, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments, see "- liquidity and capital resources - the company - contractual obligations."
policyholder liabilities we establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. for more details on policyholder liabilities, see "- summary of critical accounting estimates."
due to the nature of the underlying risks and the uncertainty associated with the determination of actuarial liabilities, we cannot precisely determine the amounts that will ultimately be paid with respect to these actuarial liabilities, and the ultimate amounts may vary from the estimated amounts, particularly when payments may not occur until well into the future.
we periodically review our estimates of actuarial liabilities for future benefits and compare them with our actual experience. we revise estimates, to the extent permitted or required under gaap, if we determine that future expected experience differs from assumptions used in the development of actuarial liabilities. we charge or credit changes in our liabilities to expenses in the period the liabilities are established or re-estimated. if the liabilities originally established for future benefit payments prove inadequate, we must increase them. such an increase could adversely affect our earnings and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we have experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. due to their nature, we cannot predict the incidence, timing, severity or amount of losses from catastrophes and acts of terrorism, but we make broad use of catastrophic and non-catastrophic reinsurance to manage risk from these perils. we also use hedging, reinsurance and other risk management activities to mitigate financial market volatility.
insurance regulators in many of the non-u.s. jurisdictions in which we operate require certain metlife entities to prepare a sufficiency analysis of the reserves presented in the locally required regulatory financial statements, and to submit that analysis to the regulatory authorities.
future policy benefits we establish liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenario" and "- variable annuity guarantees." a discussion of future policy benefits by segment (as well as corporate & other) follows.
amounts payable under insurance policies for this segment are comprised of group insurance and annuities, as well as property & casualty policies. for group insurance, future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, liabilities for survivor income benefit insurance, active life policies and premium stabilization and other contingency liabilities held under life insurance contracts. for group annuity contracts, future policyholder benefits are primarily related to payout annuities, including pension risk transfers, structured settlement annuities and institutional income annuities. there is no interest rate crediting flexibility on these liabilities. as a result, a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings; however, we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies, including the use of various interest rate derivative positions. the components of future policy benefits related to our property & casualty policies are liabilities for unpaid claims, estimated based upon assumptions such as rates of claim frequencies, levels of severities, inflation, judicial trends, legislative changes or regulatory decisions. assumptions are based upon our historical experience and analysis of historical development patterns of the relationship of loss adjustment expenses to losses for each line of business, and we consider the effects of current developments, anticipated trends and risk management programs, reduced for anticipated salvage and subrogation.
asia future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for traditional life, endowment, annuity and accident & health contracts. they are also held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products. they include certain liabilities for variable annuity and variable life guarantees of minimum death benefits, and longevity guarantees. factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower yields than rates established at policy issuance, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies.
latin america future policy benefits for this segment are held primarily for immediate annuities in chile, argentina and mexico and traditional life contracts mainly in mexico, brazil and colombia. there are also liabilities held for total return pass-through provisions included in certain universal life and savings products in mexico. factors impacting these liabilities include sustained periods of lower yields than rates established at policy issuance, lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, and mortality and lapses different than expected. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies.
emea future policy benefits for this segment include unearned premium reserves for group life and credit insurance contracts. future policy benefits are also held for traditional life, endowment and annuity contracts with significant mortality risk and accident & health contracts. factors impacting these liabilities include lower than expected asset reinvestment rates, market volatility, actual lapses resulting in lower than expected income, and actual mortality or morbidity resulting in higher than expected benefit payments. we mitigate our risks by having premiums which are adjustable or cancellable in some cases, and by applying various alm strategies.
metlife holdings future policy benefits for the life business are comprised mainly of liabilities for traditional life insurance contracts. in order to manage risk, we have often reinsured a portion of the mortality risk on life insurance policies. we routinely evaluate our reinsurance programs which may result in increases or decreases to existing coverage. we have entered into various interest rate derivative positions to mitigate the risk that investment of premiums received and reinvestment of maturing assets over the life of the policy will be at rates below those assumed in the original pricing of these contracts. for the annuities business, future policy benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for life-contingent income annuities, and liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits which are accounted for as insurance. other future policyholder benefits are comprised mainly of liabilities for disabled lives under disability waiver of premium policy provisions, and active life policies. in addition, for our other products, future policyholder benefits related to the reinsurance of our former japan joint venture are comprised of liabilities for the variable annuity guaranteed minimum benefits which are accounted for as insurance.
corporate & other future policy benefits primarily include liabilities for the global employee benefits and other reinsurance business. additionally, future policy benefits include liabilities for the u.s. direct business sold directly to consumers.
policyholder account balances policyholder account balances are generally equal to the account value, which includes accrued interest credited, but excludes the impact of any applicable charge that may be incurred upon surrender. see "- industry trends - impact of a sustained low interest rate environment - low interest rate scenario" and "- variable annuity guarantees." see also notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. a discussion of policyholder account balances by segment follows.
policyholder account balances in this segment are comprised of funding agreements, retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs.
group benefits policyholder account balances in this business are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies and specialized life insurance products for benefit programs. policyholder account balances are credited interest at a rate we determine, which is influenced by current market rates. a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for group benefits:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate              accountvalue (1)             account value at guarantee (1)
retirement and income solutions policyholder account balances in this business are primarily comprised of funding agreements. interest crediting rates vary by type of contract, and can be fixed or variable. variable interest crediting rates are generally tied to an external index, most commonly (1-month or 3-month) libor. we are exposed to interest rate risks, as well as foreign currency exchange rate risk, when guaranteeing payment of interest and return of principal at the contractual maturity date. we may invest in floating rate assets or enter into receive-floating interest rate swaps, also tied to external indices, as well as interest rate caps, to mitigate the impact of changes in market interest rates. we also mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and seek to hedge all foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of foreign currency hedges, including cross currency swaps.
asia policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for fixed income retirement and savings plans, fixed deferred annuities, interest sensitive whole life products, universal life and, to a lesser degree, liability amounts for unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. also included are certain liabilities for retirement and savings products sold in certain countries in asia that generally are sold with minimum credited rate guarantees. liabilities for guarantees on certain variable annuities in asia are accounted for as embedded derivatives and recorded at estimated fair value and are also included within policyholder account balances. these liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates, where there are interest rate guarantees. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies and with reinsurance. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated underlying investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for asia:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate                   accountvalue (1)              account value at guarantee (1)
annuities greater than 0% but less than 2%                     $22,364                                 $2,791
latin america policyholder account balances in this segment are held largely for investment-type products and universal life products in mexico and chile, and deferred annuities in brazil. some of the deferred annuities in brazil are unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. the rest of the deferred annuities have minimum credited rate guarantees, and these liabilities and the universal life liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
emea policyholder account balances in this segment are held mostly for universal life, deferred annuity, pension products, and unit-linked-type funds that do not meet the gaap definition of separate accounts. they are also held for endowment products without significant mortality risk. where there are interest rate guarantees, these liabilities are generally impacted by sustained periods of low interest rates. we mitigate our risks by applying various alm strategies. liabilities for unit-linked-type funds are impacted by changes in the fair value of the associated investments, as the return on assets is generally passed directly to the policyholder.
metlife holdings life policyholder account balances are held for retained asset accounts, universal life policies, the fixed account of variable life insurance policies, and funding agreements. for annuities, policyholder account balances are held for fixed deferred annuities, the fixed account portion of variable annuities, non-life contingent income annuities, and embedded derivatives related to variable annuity guarantees. interest is credited to the policyholder's account at interest rates we determine which are influenced by current market rates, subject to specified minimums. a sustained low interest rate environment could negatively impact earnings as a result of the minimum credited rate guarantees present in most of these policyholder account balances. we have various interest rate derivative positions to partially mitigate the risks associated with such a scenario. additionally, for our other products, policyholder account balances are held for variable annuity guarantees assumed from a former operating joint venture in japan that are accounted for as embedded derivatives.
the table below presents the breakdown of account value subject to minimum guaranteed crediting rates for the metlife holdings segment:
guaranteed minimum crediting rate              accountvalue (1)             accountvalue atguarantee (1)
variable annuity guarantees we issue, directly and through assumed business, certain variable annuity products with guaranteed minimum benefits that provide the policyholder a minimum return based on their initial deposit (i.e., the benefit base) less withdrawals. in some cases, the benefit base may be increased by additional deposits, bonus amounts, accruals or optional market value resets. see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, have insurance liabilities established that are included in future policy benefits. guarantees accounted for in this manner include gmdbs, the life-contingent portion of certain gmwbs, and the non-life contingent portions of both gmwbs and gmibs that require annuitization. these liabilities are accrued over the life of the contract in proportion to actual and future expected policy assessments based on the level of guaranteed minimum benefits generated using multiple scenarios of separate account returns. the scenarios are based on best estimate assumptions consistent with those used to amortize dac. when current estimates of future benefits exceed those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments are lower than those previously projected, liabilities will increase, resulting in a current period charge to net income. the opposite result occurs when the current estimates of future benefits are lower than those previously projected or when current estimates of future assessments exceed those previously projected. at the end of each reporting period, we update the actual amount of business remaining in-force, which impacts expected future assessments and the projection of estimated future benefits resulting in a current period charge or increase to earnings.
certain guarantees, including portions thereof, accounted for as embedded derivatives, are recorded at estimated fair value and included in policyholder account balances. guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives include gmabs, and the non-life contingent portions of both gmwbs and gmibs that do not require annuitization. the estimated fair values of guarantees accounted for as embedded derivatives are determined based on the present value of projected future benefits minus the present value of projected future fees. the projections of future benefits and future fees require capital market and actuarial assumptions including expectations concerning policyholder behavior. a risk neutral valuation methodology is used to project the cash flows from the guarantees under multiple capital market scenarios to determine an economic liability. the reported estimated fair value is then determined by taking the present value of these risk-free generated cash flows using a discount rate that incorporates a spread over the risk-free rate to reflect our nonperformance risk and adding a risk margin. for more information on the determination of estimated fair value, see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
future policybenefits                         policyholderaccount balances december 31,                                         december 31,
the carrying amounts for guarantees included in policyholder account balances above include nonperformance risk adjustments of $130 million and $326 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. these nonperformance risk adjustments represent the impact of including a credit spread when discounting the underlying risk neutral cash flows to determine the estimated fair values. the nonperformance risk adjustment does not have an economic impact on us as it cannot be monetized given the nature of these policyholder liabilities. the change in valuation arising from the nonperformance risk adjustment is not hedged.
the carrying values of these guarantees can change significantly during periods of sizable and sustained shifts in equity market performance, equity volatility, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. carrying values are also impacted by our assumptions around mortality, separate account returns and policyholder behavior, including lapse rates.
as discussed below, we use a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to these benefits. within each type of guarantee, there is a range of product offerings reflecting the changing nature of these products over time. changes in product features and terms are in part driven by customer demand but, more importantly, reflect our risk management practices of continuously evaluating the guaranteed benefits and their associated asset-liability matching. recently, we have been diversifying the concentration of income benefits in the portfolio of the company's annuities business by focusing on withdrawal benefits, variable annuities without living benefits and index-linked annuities. to this end, the gmibs were no longer available for new purchases after february 19, 2016.
gmdbs we offer a range of gmdbs to our contractholders. the table below presents gmdbs, by benefit type, at december 31, 2017:
(1)   total account value excludes $242 million for contracts with no gmdbs. further, many of our annuity contracts offer more than one type of guarantee such that gmdb amounts listed above are not mutually exclusive to the amounts in the living benefit guarantees table below.
based on total account value, less than 19% of our gmdbs included enhanced death benefits such as the annual step-up or roll-up and step-up combination products. we expect the above gmdb risk profile to be relatively consistent for the foreseeable future.
living benefit guarantees the table below presents our living benefit guarantees based on total account values at december 31, 2017:
(1)   total account value excludes $25.0 billion for contracts with no living benefit guarantees. further, many of our annuity contracts offer more than one type of guarantee such that living benefit guarantee amounts listed above are not mutually exclusive of the amounts in the gmdbs table above.
(2)   the asia and emea segments include the non-life contingent portion of the gmwb total account value of $966 million with a guarantee at annuitization.
in terms of total account value, gmibs are our most significant living benefit guarantee. our primary risk management strategy for our gmib products is our derivatives hedging program as discussed below. additionally, we have engaged in certain reinsurance agreements covering some of our gmib business. as part of our overall risk management approach for living benefit guarantees, we continually monitor the reinsurance markets for the right opportunity to purchase additional coverage for our gmib business.
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 1.0% interest rate            10,206
10-year mortality projection, 10-year setback, 0.5% interest rate             1,799
the annuitization interest rates on gmibs have been decreased from 2.5% to 0.5% over time, partially in response to the low interest rate environment, accompanied by an increase in the setback period from seven years to 10 years and the introduction of a 10-year mortality projection.
additionally, 40% of the $25.3 billion of gmib total account value has been invested in managed volatility funds as of december 31, 2017. these funds seek to manage volatility by adjusting the fund holdings within certain guidelines based on capital market movements. such activity reduces the overall risk of the underlying funds while maintaining their growth opportunities. these risk mitigation techniques reduce or eliminate the need for us to manage the funds' volatility through hedging or reinsurance.
our gmib products typically have a waiting period of 10 years to be eligible for annuitization. as of december 31, 2017, only 15% of our contracts with gmibs were eligible for annuitization. the remaining contracts are not eligible for annuitization for an average of five years.
once eligible for annuitization, contractholders would be expected to annuitize only if their contracts were in-the-money. we calculate in-the-moneyness with respect to gmibs consistent with net amount at risk as discussed in note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, by comparing the contractholders' income benefits based on total account values and current annuity rates versus the guaranteed income benefits. the net amount at risk was $525 million at december 31, 2017, of which $353 million was related to gmib guarantees. for those contracts with gmib, the table below presents details of contracts that are in-the-money and out-of-the money at december 31, 2017:
derivatives hedging variable annuity guarantees our risk mitigating hedging strategy uses various otc and exchange traded derivatives. the table below presents the gross notional amount, estimated fair value and primary underlying risk exposure of the derivatives hedging our variable annuity guarantees:
primary underlying risk exposure                                                          gross notional                         estimated fair value            gross notional                         estimated fair value instrument type                               amount                            assets            liabilities        amount                            assets            liabilities
equity market                                        equity futures                         3,781                      17                      4                   4,283                      29                      3
equity index options                   9,546                     383                    690                  13,975                     403                    524
equity variance swaps                  4,661                      54                    199                   8,263                      83                    239
equity total return swaps              1,117                       -                     41                   1,046                       1                     43
the change in estimated fair values of our derivatives is recorded in policyholder benefits and claims if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in future policy benefits, and in net derivative gains (losses) if such derivatives are hedging guarantees included in policyholder account balances.
our hedging strategy involves the significant use of static longer-term derivative instruments to avoid the need to execute transactions during periods of market disruption or higher volatility. we continually monitor the capital markets for opportunities to adjust our liability coverage, as appropriate. futures are also used to dynamically adjust the daily coverage levels as markets and liability exposures fluctuate.
we remain liable for the guaranteed benefits in the event that reinsurers or derivative counterparties are unable or unwilling to pay. certain of our reinsurance agreements and substantially all derivative positions are collateralized and derivatives positions are subject to master netting agreements, both of which significantly reduce the exposure to counterparty risk. in addition, we are subject to the risk that hedging and other risk management actions prove ineffective or that unanticipated policyholder behavior or mortality, combined with adverse market events, produces economic losses beyond the scope of the risk management techniques employed.
liquidity and capital resources overview our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally. stressed conditions, volatility and disruptions in global capital markets, particular markets, or financial asset classes can have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and our insurance liabilities and derivatives are sensitive to changing market factors. changing conditions in the global capital markets and the economy may affect our financing costs and market interest for our debt or equity securities. for further information regarding market factors that could affect our ability to meet liquidity and capital needs, see "- industry trends" and "- investments - current environment."
liquidity management based upon the strength of our franchise, diversification of our businesses, strong financial fundamentals and the substantial funding sources available to us as described herein, we continue to believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. we continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities.
short-term liquidity we maintain a substantial short-term liquidity position, which was $10.0 billion and $9.1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. short-term liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed, including amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
liquid assets an integral part of our liquidity management includes managing our level of liquid assets, which was $209.1 billion and $199.1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities, excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with securities lending, repurchase agreements, derivatives, regulatory deposits, the collateral financing arrangement, funding agreements and secured borrowings, as well as amounts held in the closed block.
capital management we have established several senior management committees as part of our capital management process. these committees, including the capital management committee and the enterprise risk committee ("erc"), regularly review actual and projected capital levels (under a variety of scenarios including stress scenarios) and our annual capital plan in accordance with our capital policy. the capital management committee is comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s chief financial officer ("cfo"), treasurer and chief risk officer ("cro"). the erc is also comprised of members of senior management, including metlife, inc.'s cfo, cro and chief investment officer.
our board of directors and senior management are directly involved in the development and maintenance of our capital policy. the capital policy sets forth, among other things, minimum and target capital levels and the governance of the capital management process. all capital actions, including proposed changes to the annual capital plan, capital targets or capital policy, are reviewed by the finance and risk committee of the board prior to obtaining full board approval. the board approves the capital policy and the annual capital plan and authorizes capital actions, as required.
see "risk factors - capital-related risks - legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish" and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding restrictions on payment of dividends and stock repurchases. see also "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - common stock repurchases" for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common stock repurchase authorizations.
the company liquidity liquidity refers to the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet our needs. we determine our liquidity needs based on a rolling 12-month forecast by portfolio of invested assets which we monitor daily. we adjust the asset mix and asset maturities based on this rolling 12-month forecast. to support this forecast, we conduct cash flow and stress testing, which include various scenarios of the potential risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. we include provisions limiting withdrawal rights on many of our products, including general account pension products sold to employee benefit plan sponsors. certain of these provisions prevent the customer from making withdrawals prior to the maturity date of the product. in the event of significant cash requirements beyond anticipated liquidity needs, we have various alternatives available depending on market conditions and the amount and timing of the liquidity need. these available alternatives include cash flows from operations, sales of liquid assets, global funding sources including commercial paper and various credit and committed facilities.
under certain stressful market and economic conditions, our access to liquidity may deteriorate, or the cost to access liquidity may increase. if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of anticipated cash requirements or if we are required to post or return cash collateral in connection with derivatives or our securities lending program, we may have difficulty selling investments in a timely manner, be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, or both. in addition, in the event of such forced sale, for securities in an unrealized loss position, realized losses would be incurred on securities sold and impairments would be incurred, if there is a need to sell securities prior to recovery, which may negatively impact our financial condition. see "risk factors - investments-related risks - should the need arise, we may have difficulty selling certain holdings in our investment portfolio or in our securities lending program in a timely manner and realizing full value given their illiquid nature."
in extreme circumstances, all general account assets within a particular legal entity - other than those which may have been pledged to a specific purpose - are available to fund obligations of the general account of that legal entity.
capital we manage our capital position to maintain our financial strength and credit ratings. our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital to meet operating and growth needs despite adverse market and economic conditions.
rating agencies rating agencies assign insurer financial strength ratings to metlife, inc.'s domestic life insurance subsidiaries and credit ratings to metlife, inc. and certain of its subsidiaries. financial strength ratings represent the opinion of rating agencies regarding the ability of an insurance company to pay obligations under insurance policies and contracts in accordance with their terms. credit ratings indicate the rating agency's opinion regarding a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner. they are important factors in our overall funding profile and ability to access certain types of liquidity. the level and composition of regulatory capital at the subsidiary level and our equity capital are among the many factors considered in determining our insurer financial strength ratings and credit ratings. each agency has its own capital adequacy evaluation methodology, and assessments are generally based on a combination of factors. in addition to heightening the level of scrutiny that they apply to insurance companies, rating agencies have increased and may continue to increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, may request additional information from the companies that they rate and may adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels.
downgrades in our insurer financial strength ratings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways. see "risk factors - risks related to our business - a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations."
a downgrade in the credit ratings or insurer financial strength ratings of metlife, inc. or its subsidiaries would likely impact us in the following ways, including:
   impact our ability to generate cash flows from the sale of funding agreements and other capital market products offered by our retirement and income solutions business;
   impact the cost and availability of financing for metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries; and
   result in additional collateral requirements or other required payments under certain agreements, which are eligible to be satisfied in cash or by posting investments held by the subsidiaries subject to the agreements. see "- liquidity and capital uses - pledged collateral."
statutory capital and dividends our u.s. insurance subsidiaries have statutory surplus well above levels to meet current regulatory requirements.
rbc requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the naic and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. rbc is based on a formula calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items. the formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. the formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not as a means to rank insurers generally. these rules apply to most of our u.s. insurance subsidiaries. state insurance laws provide insurance regulators the authority to require various actions by, or take various actions against, insurers whose total adjusted capital does not meet or exceed certain rbc levels. at the date of the most recent annual statutory financial statements filed with insurance regulators, the total adjusted capital of each of these subsidiaries subject to these requirements was in excess of each of those rbc levels.
as a delaware corporation, american life is subject to delaware law; however, because it does not conduct insurance business in delaware or any other domestic state, it is exempt from rbc requirements under delaware law. american life's operations are also regulated by applicable authorities of the jurisdictions in which it operates and is subject to capital and solvency requirements in those jurisdictions.
the amount of dividends that our insurance subsidiaries can pay to metlife, inc. or to other parent entities is constrained by the amount of surplus we hold to maintain our ratings and provides an additional margin for risk protection and investment in our businesses. we proactively take actions to maintain capital consistent with these ratings objectives, which may include adjusting dividend amounts and deploying financial resources from internal or external sources of capital. certain of these activities may require regulatory approval. furthermore, the payment of dividends and other distributions to metlife, inc. and other parent entities by their respective insurance subsidiaries is governed by insurance laws and regulations. see "business - regulation - u.s. regulation - insurance regulation," "business - regulation - international regulation," "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries" and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
affiliated captive reinsurance transactions various subsidiaries of metlife, inc. cede specific policy classes, including term and universal life insurance, participating whole life insurance, long-term disability insurance, group life insurance and other business to various wholly-owned captive reinsurers. the reinsurance activities among these affiliated companies are eliminated within our consolidated results of operations. the statutory reserves of such affiliated captive reinsurers are supported by a combination of funds withheld assets, investment assets and letters of credit issued by unaffiliated financial institutions. metlife, inc. has committed to maintain the surplus of two of the domestic affiliated captive reinsurers, as well as provided guarantees of the reinsurers' and other affiliated international insurance entities' repayment obligations on the letters of credit. metlife, inc. has also provided guarantees of these reinsurers' repayment obligations on derivative and certain reinsurance agreements entered into by these reinsurers. see "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements" for further details on certain of these guarantees. various subsidiaries of metlife, inc. enter into reinsurance agreements with affiliated captive reinsurers for risk and capital management purposes, as well as to manage statutory reserve requirements related to universal life and term life insurance policies and other business.
the naic continues to review insurance companies' use of affiliated captive reinsurers and off-shore entities. the nydfs continues to have a moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers. we are not aware of any states other than new york and california implementing such a moratorium. while such a moratorium would not impact our existing reinsurance agreements with captive reinsurers, a moratorium placed on the use of captives for new reserve financing transactions could impact our ability to write certain products and/or impact our rbc ratios and ability to deploy excess capital in the future. this could result in our need to increase prices, modify product features or limit the availability of those products to our customers. while this affects insurers across the industry, it could adversely impact our competitive position and our results of operations in the future. we continue to evaluate product modifications, pricing structure and alternative means of managing risks, capital and statutory reserves and we expect the discontinued use of captive reinsurance on new reserve financing transactions would not have a material impact on our future consolidated financial results. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our reinsurance activities.
summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital our primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital are summarized as follows:
operating activities, net                                                                              $12,283               $14,774               $14,052
changes in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions, net                     903                     -                 1,544
investing activities, net                                                                               16,876                 5,850                10,398
changes in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions, net                       -                 3,636                     -
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                             2,927                   372                 1,930
cash flows from operations the principal cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, net investment income, annuity considerations and deposit funds. the principal cash outflows are the result of various life insurance, property & casualty, annuity and pension products, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. a primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. the cash flows from discontinued operations are not separately classified, but generally arise from the same activities described above.
cash flows from investments the principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. the principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments, issuances of policy loans and settlements of freestanding derivatives. additional cash outflows relate to purchases of businesses. we typically have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are reinvested in accordance with our alm discipline to fund insurance liabilities. we closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors and market disruption. the cash flows from discontinued operations are not separately classified, but generally arise from the same activities described above.
cash flows from financing the principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from issuances of debt and other securities, deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances and lending of securities. the principal cash outflows come from repayments of debt and collateral financing arrangements, payments of dividends on and repurchases of metlife, inc.'s securities, withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances, cash disposed of in the distribution of brighthouse and the return of securities on loan. the primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early contractholder and policyholder withdrawal. the cash flows from discontinued operations are not separately classified, but generally arise from the same activities described above.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital sources in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital," the following additional information is provided regarding our primary sources of liquidity and capital. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding financing transactions related to the separation.
global funding sources liquidity is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including funding agreements, credit and committed facilities and commercial paper. capital is provided by a variety of global funding sources, including short-term and long-term debt, the collateral financing arrangement, junior subordinated debt securities, preferred securities, equity securities and equity-linked securities. the diversity of our global funding sources enhances our funding flexibility, limits dependence on any one market or source of funds and generally lowers the cost of funds. our primary global funding sources include:
preferred stock in june 2015, metlife, inc. issued 1,500,000 shares of series c preferred stock, with a $0.01 par value per share and a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share, for aggregate proceeds of $1.5 billion. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
commercial paper, reported in short-term debt metlife, inc. and metlife funding each have a commercial paper program that is supported by our unsecured revolving credit facility (see "- credit and committed facilities"). metlife funding raises cash from its commercial paper program and uses the proceeds to extend loans through metlife credit corp., another subsidiary of mlic, to affiliates in order to enhance the financial flexibility and liquidity of these companies.
federal home loan bank funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances certain of our domestic insurance subsidiaries are members of a regional fhlb. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we issued $22.4 billion, $17.0 billion and $17.5 billion, respectively, and repaid $22.4 billion, $15.2 billion and $17.8 billion, respectively, under funding agreements with certain regional fhlbs. at both december 31, 2017 and 2016, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $15.3 billion. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
federal home loan bank advance agreements, reported in payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions during the year ended december 31, 2017, we issued $301 million and repaid $1 million, under advance agreements with a regional fhlb. at december 31, 2017, total obligations outstanding under these advance agreements were $300 million. there were no such transactions during the years ended december 31, 2016 or 2015. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
special purpose entity funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances we issue fixed and floating rate funding agreements which are denominated in either u.s. dollars or foreign currencies, to certain special purpose entities ("spes") that have issued either debt securities or commercial paper for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we issued $42.7 billion, $39.7 billion and $35.1 billion, respectively, and repaid $41.4 billion, $38.5 billion and $35.5 billion, respectively, under such funding agreements. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $34.2 billion and $30.8 billion, respectively. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
federal agricultural mortgage corporation funding agreements, reported in policyholder account balances we have issued funding agreements to a subsidiary of farmer mac, as well as to certain spes that have issued debt securities for which payment of interest and principal is secured by such funding agreements, and such debt securities are also guaranteed as to payment of interest and principal by farmer mac. the obligations under all such funding agreements are secured by a pledge of certain eligible agricultural mortgage loans. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we issued $1.0 billion, $1.2 billion and $50 million, respectively, and repaid $1.0 billion, $1.2 billion and $50 million, respectively, under such funding agreements. at both december 31, 2017 and 2016, total obligations outstanding under these funding agreements were $2.6 billion. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
long-term debt issued senior notes in november 2015 and march 2015, metlife, inc. issued $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion of senior notes, respectively. net proceeds from these issuances were used for general corporate purposes, which included the early redemption or repayment upon maturity of certain senior notes.
term loans in december 2015, metlife private equity holdings, llc, a wholly-owned indirect investment subsidiary of mlic, borrowed $350 million under term loans.
credit and committed facilities at december 31, 2017, we maintained a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and certain committed facilities aggregating $3.7 billion. when drawn upon, these facilities bear interest at varying rates in accordance with the respective agreements.
the unsecured revolving credit facility is used for general corporate purposes, to support the borrowers' commercial paper programs and for the issuance of letters of credit. at december 31, 2017, we had outstanding $130 million in letters of credit and no drawdowns against this facility. remaining availability was $2.9 billion at december 31, 2017.
the committed facilities are used as collateral for certain of our affiliated reinsurance liabilities. at december 31, 2017, we had outstanding $3.1 billion in letters of credit and no drawdowns against these facilities. remaining availability was $562 million at december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2017, brighthouse was a beneficiary of $2.4 billion of letters of credit issued under these committed facilities. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we have no reason to believe that our lending counterparties will be unable to fulfill their respective contractual obligations under these facilities. as commitments associated with letters of credit and financing arrangements may expire unused, these amounts do not necessarily reflect our actual future cash funding requirements.
affiliated preferred units issuances in june 2017, brighthouse holdings, llc issued 50,000 6.50% fixed rate cumulative preferred units to metlife, inc. and, in turn, metlife, inc. sold the preferred units to third-party investors, for net proceeds of $49 million. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
junior subordinated debt securities (4)      $3,144              $3,169
(2)   in april 2017, in connection with the separation, metlife, inc. and metlife reinsurance company of south carolina ("mrsc") terminated the mrsc collateral financing arrangement associated with secondary guarantees. as a result, the $2.8 billion collateral financing arrangement liability outstanding was extinguished utilizing $2.8 billion of assets held in trust with the remaining $590 million of assets held in trust returned to metlife, inc. as a cash return of capital from a subsidiary. for information regarding the remaining collateral financing arrangement, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   for information regarding the junior subordinated debt securities, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and note 5 in schedule ii of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information.
debt and facility covenants certain of our debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as our unsecured revolving credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we believe we were in compliance with all applicable covenants at december 31, 2017.
dispositions cash proceeds from dispositions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $0, $291 million, and $0, respectively. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital uses in addition to the general description of liquidity and capital uses in "- summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- contractual obligations," the following additional information is provided regarding our primary uses of liquidity and capital:
preferred stock repurchase in june 2015, metlife, inc. repurchased and canceled all of its series b preferred stock for $1.5 billion in a series of related transactions as described in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
common stock repurchases are dependent upon several factors, including our capital position, liquidity, financial strength and credit ratings, general market conditions, the market price of metlife, inc.'s common stock compared to management's assessment of the stock's underlying value and applicable regulatory approvals, as well as other legal and accounting factors. see "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers," and "risk factors - capital-related risks - legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish."
dividends during each of the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, metlife, inc. paid $1.7 billion of dividends on its common stock. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, metlife, inc. paid dividends on its preferred stock of $103 million, $103 million, and $116 million, respectively. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the calculation and timing of these dividend payments.
the declaration and payment of common stock dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend on metlife, inc.'s financial condition, results of operations, cash requirements, future prospects, regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries and other factors deemed relevant by the board. see note 22 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding a common stock dividend declared subsequent to december 31, 2017.
preferred stock dividends are paid quarterly in accordance with the terms of metlife, inc.'s floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series a. metlife, inc. paid dividends on its series b preferred stock through the june 15, 2015 payment date. dividends are paid semi-annually on metlife, inc.'s series c preferred stock commencing december 15, 2015 and ending on june 15, 2020, and thereafter will be paid quarterly.
the payment of dividends is also subject to restrictions under the terms of our preferred stock and junior subordinated debentures in situations where we may be experiencing financial stress. see "risk factors - capital-related risks - legal and regulatory restrictions and uncertainty and restrictions under the terms of certain of our securities may prevent us from repurchasing our stock and paying dividends at the level we wish" and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
   during 2017, 2016 and 2015, following regulatory approval, metlife reinsurance company of charleston ("mrc"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc., repurchased and canceled $153 million, $68 million, and $57 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of its surplus notes, which were reported in collateral financing arrangement on the consolidated balance sheet;
   in december 2017, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $500 million 1.756% senior notes;
   in december 2017, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $500 million 1.903% senior notes;
   in june 2016, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $1.3 billion 6.750% senior notes; and
   in june 2015, metlife, inc. repaid at maturity its $1.0 billion 5.000% senior notes.
debt repurchases we may from time to time seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. any such repurchases or exchanges will be dependent upon several factors, including our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, general market conditions, and applicable regulatory, legal and accounting factors. whether or not to repurchase any debt and the size and timing of any such repurchases will be determined at our discretion.
support agreements metlife, inc. and several of its subsidiaries (each, an "obligor") are parties to various capital support commitments and guarantees with subsidiaries. under these arrangements, each obligor, with respect to the applicable entity, has agreed to cause such entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. we anticipate that in the event that these arrangements place demands upon us, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable us to meet anticipated demands. see "- metlife, inc. - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
insurance liabilities liabilities arising from our insurance activities primarily relate to benefit payments under various life insurance, property & casualty, annuity and group pension products, as well as payments for policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans. for annuity or deposit type products, surrender or lapse behavior differs somewhat by segment. in the metlife holdings segment, which includes individual annuities, lapses and surrenders tend to occur in the normal course of business. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, general account surrenders and withdrawals from annuity products were $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. in the retirement and income solutions business within the u.s. segment, which includes pension risk transfers, bank-owned life insurance and other fixed annuity contracts, as well as funding agreements and other capital market products, most of the products offered have fixed maturities or fairly predictable surrenders or withdrawals. with regard to the retirement and income solutions business products that provide customers with limited rights to accelerate payments, as of december 31, 2017, there were funding agreements totaling $114 million that could be put back to the company.
pledged collateral we pledge collateral to, and have collateral pledged to us by, counterparties in connection with our derivatives. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had received pledged cash collateral of $5.0 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had pledged cash collateral of $456 million and $788 million, respectively. with respect to otc-bilateral derivatives in a net liability position that have credit contingent provisions, a one-notch downgrade in the company's credit or financial strength rating, as applicable, would have required $15 million of additional collateral be provided to our counterparties as of december 31, 2017. see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information about collateral pledged to us, collateral we pledge and derivatives subject to credit contingent provisions.
we pledge collateral and have had collateral pledged to us, and may be required from time to time to pledge additional collateral or be entitled to have additional collateral pledged to us, in connection with the collateral financing arrangement related to the reinsurance of closed block liabilities. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we pledge collateral from time to time in connection with funding agreements. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
securities lending we participate in a securities lending program whereby securities are loaned to third parties, primarily brokerage firms and commercial banks. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the loaned securities are returned to us. under our securities lending program, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $19.4 billion and $20.1 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. of these amounts, $3.8 billion and $4.5 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, were on open, meaning that the related loaned security could be returned to us on the next business day requiring the immediate return of cash collateral we hold. the estimated fair value of the securities on loan related to the cash collateral on open at december 31, 2017 was $3.7 billion, all of which were u.s. government and agency securities which, if put to us, could be immediately sold to satisfy the cash requirement. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
repurchase agreements we participate in short-term repurchase agreements whereby securities are loaned to unaffiliated financial institutions. we obtain collateral, usually cash, from the borrower, which must be returned to the borrower when the loaned securities are returned to us. under these repurchase agreements, we were liable for cash collateral under our control of $1.1 billion and $102 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the estimated fair value of the securities on loan at december 31, 2017 was $1.1 billion which were primarily u.s. government and agency securities which, if put to us, could be immediately sold to satisfy the cash requirement. see note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
litigation putative or certified class action litigation and other litigation, and claims and assessments against us, in addition to those discussed elsewhere herein and those otherwise provided for on the consolidated financial statements, have arisen in the course of our business, including, but not limited to, in connection with our activities as an insurer, employer, investor, investment advisor, taxpayer and, formerly, a mortgage lending bank. further, state insurance regulatory authorities and other federal and state authorities regularly make inquiries and conduct investigations concerning our compliance with applicable insurance and other laws and regulations. see note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we establish liabilities for litigation and regulatory loss contingencies when it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. for material matters where a loss is believed to be reasonably possible but not probable, no accrual is made but we disclose the nature of the contingency and an aggregate estimate of the reasonably possible range of loss in excess of amounts accrued, when such an estimate can be made. it is not possible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of all pending investigations and legal proceedings. in some of the matters referred to herein, very large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, are sought. although in light of these considerations, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain cases could have a material adverse effect upon our financial position, based on information currently known by us, in our opinion, the outcome of such pending investigations and legal proceedings are not likely to have such an effect. however, given the large and/or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net income or cash flows in particular quarterly or annual periods.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions and investments in strategic partnerships during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $211 million, $0 and $0, respectively.
insurance liabilities                                                       $298,966                 $20,761                               $16,084                                      $15,627                            $246,494
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions        25,723                  25,723                                     -                                            -                                   -
investment commitments                                                         9,513                   9,098                                   312                                           91                                  12
insurance liabilities insurance liabilities include future policy benefits, other policy-related balances, policyholder dividends payable and the policyholder dividend obligation, which are all reported on the consolidated balance sheet and are more fully described in notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the amounts presented reflect future estimated cash payments and (i) are based on mortality, morbidity, lapse and other assumptions comparable with our experience and expectations of future payment patterns; and (ii) consider future premium receipts on current policies in-force. all estimated cash payments presented are undiscounted as to interest, net of estimated future premiums on in-force policies and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. payment of amounts related to policyholder dividends left on deposit are projected based on assumptions of policyholder withdrawal activity. because the exact timing and amount of the ultimate policyholder dividend obligation is subject to significant uncertainty and the amount of the policyholder dividend obligation is based upon a long-term projection of the performance of the closed block, we have reflected the obligation at the amount of the liability, if any, presented on the consolidated balance sheet in the more than five years category. additionally, the more than five years category includes estimated payments due for periods extending for more than 100 years.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $299.0 billion exceeds the liability amounts of $196.3 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, most significantly mortality, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
actual cash payments may differ significantly from the liabilities as presented on the consolidated balance sheet and the estimated cash payments as presented due to differences between actual experience and the assumptions used in the establishment of these liabilities and the estimation of these cash payments.
for the majority of our insurance operations, estimated contractual obligations for future policy benefits and policyholder account balances, as presented, are derived from the annual asset adequacy analysis used to develop actuarial opinions of statutory reserve adequacy for state regulatory purposes. these cash flows are materially representative of the cash flows under gaap. see "- policyholder account balances."
policyholder account balances see notes 1 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the components of policyholder account balances. see "- insurance liabilities" regarding the source and uncertainties associated with the estimation of the contractual obligations related to future policy benefits and policyholder account balances.
amounts presented represent the estimated cash payments undiscounted as to interest and including assumptions related to the receipt of future premiums and deposits; withdrawals, including unscheduled or partial withdrawals; policy lapses; surrender charges; annuitization; mortality; future interest credited; policy loans and other contingent events as appropriate for the respective product type. such estimated cash payments are also presented net of estimated future premiums on policies currently in-force and gross of any reinsurance recoverable. for obligations denominated in foreign currencies, cash payments have been estimated using current spot foreign currency rates.
the sum of the estimated cash flows of $224.8 billion exceeds the liability amount of $182.5 billion included on the consolidated balance sheet principally due to (i) the time value of money, which accounts for a substantial portion of the difference; (ii) differences in assumptions, between the date the liabilities were initially established and the current date; and (iii) liabilities related to accounting conventions, or which are not contractually due, which are excluded.
payables for collateral under securities loaned and other transactions we have accepted cash collateral in connection with securities lending and derivatives. as the securities lending transactions expire within the next year and the timing of the return of the derivatives collateral is uncertain, the return of the collateral has been included in the one year or less category in the table above. we also held non-cash collateral, which is not reflected as a liability on the consolidated balance sheet, of $1.1 billion at december 31, 2017.
debt amounts presented for debt include short-term debt, long-term debt, the collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities, the total of which differs from the total of the corresponding amounts presented on the consolidated balance sheet as the amounts presented herein (i) do not include premiums or discounts upon issuance or purchase accounting fair value adjustments; (ii) include future interest on such obligations for the period from january 1, 2018 through maturity; and (iii) do not include long-term debt relating to cses at december 31, 2017 as such debt does not represent our contractual obligation. future interest on variable rate debt was computed using prevailing rates at december 31, 2017 and, as such, does not consider the impact of future rate movements. future interest on fixed rate debt was computed using the stated rate on the obligations for the period from january 1, 2018 through maturity, except with respect to junior subordinated debt which was computed using the stated rates through the scheduled redemption dates as it is our expectation that such obligations will be redeemed as scheduled. inclusion of interest payments on junior subordinated debt securities through the final maturity dates would increase the contractual obligation by $7.7 billion. pursuant to the collateral financing arrangement, metlife, inc. may be required to deliver cash or pledge collateral to the unaffiliated financial institution. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investment commitments to enhance the return on our investment portfolio, we commit to lend funds under mortgage loans, bank credit facilities, bridge loans and private corporate bond investments and we commit to fund partnership investments. in the table above, the timing of the funding of mortgage loans and private corporate bond investments is based on the expiration dates of the corresponding commitments. as it relates to commitments to fund partnerships and bank credit facilities, we anticipate that these amounts could be invested any time over the next five years; however, as the timing of the fulfillment of the obligation cannot be predicted, such obligations are generally presented in the one year or less category. commitments to fund bridge loans are short-term obligations and, as a result, are presented in the one year or less category. see note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "- off-balance sheet arrangements."
operating leases as a lessee, we have various operating leases, primarily for office space. contractual provisions exist that could increase or accelerate those lease obligations presented, including various leases with early buyouts and/or escalation clauses. however, the impact of any such transactions would not be material to our financial position or results of operations. see note 20 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other other obligations presented are principally comprised of amounts due under reinsurance agreements, payables related to securities purchased but not yet settled, securities sold short, accrued interest on debt obligations, estimated fair value of derivative obligations, deferred compensation arrangements, guaranty liabilities, and accruals and accounts payable due under contractual obligations, which are all reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. if the timing of any of these other obligations is sufficiently uncertain, the amounts are included within the one year or less category. items reported in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet that were excluded from the table represent accounting conventions or are not liabilities due under contractual obligations. unrecognized tax benefits and related accrued interest totaling $1.7 billion was excluded as the timing of payment cannot be reliably determined.
separate account liabilities are excluded as they are fully funded by cash flows from the corresponding separate account assets and are set equal to the estimated fair value of separate account assets.
we also enter into agreements to purchase goods and services in the normal course of business; however, such amounts are excluded as these purchase obligations were not material to our consolidated results of operations or financial position at december 31, 2017.
additionally, we have agreements in place for services we conduct, generally at cost, between subsidiaries relating to insurance, reinsurance, loans and capitalization. intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. intercompany transactions among insurance subsidiaries and affiliates have been approved by the appropriate insurance regulators as required.
liquidity and capital management liquidity and capital are managed to preserve stable, reliable and cost-effective sources of cash to meet all current and future financial obligations and are provided by a variety of sources, including a portfolio of liquid assets, a diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources from the wholesale financial markets and the ability to borrow through credit and committed facilities. liquidity is monitored through the use of internal liquidity risk metrics, including the composition and level of the liquid asset portfolio, timing differences in short-term cash flow obligations, access to the financial markets for capital and debt transactions and exposure to contingent draws on metlife, inc.'s liquidity. metlife, inc. is an active participant in the global financial markets through which it obtains a significant amount of funding. these markets, which serve as cost-effective sources of funds, are critical components of metlife, inc.'s liquidity and capital management. decisions to access these markets are based upon relative costs, prospective views of balance sheet growth and a targeted liquidity profile and capital structure. a disruption in the financial markets could limit metlife, inc.'s access to liquidity.
metlife, inc.'s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. we view our capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, diversity of liquidity sources and our liquidity monitoring procedures as critical to retaining such credit ratings. see "- the company - capital - rating agencies."
liquidity for a summary of metlife, inc.'s liquidity, see "- the company - liquidity."
capital for a summary of metlife, inc.'s capital, see "- the company - capital." for further information regarding potential capital restrictions and limitations on metlife, inc. as a g-sii, see "business - regulation - international regulation - global systemically important insurers." see also "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - common stock repurchases" and "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - preferred stock repurchase" for information regarding metlife, inc.'s common and preferred stock repurchases, respectively.
liquid assets at december 31, 2017 and 2016, metlife, inc. and other metlife holding companies had $5.7 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively, in liquid assets. of these amounts, $4.1 billion and $3.7 billion were held by metlife, inc. and $1.6 billion and $2.1 billion were held by other metlife holding companies at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. liquid assets include cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and publicly-traded securities excluding assets that are pledged or otherwise committed. assets pledged or otherwise committed include amounts received in connection with derivatives and a collateral financing arrangement.
liquid assets held in non-u.s. holding companies are generated in part through dividends from non-u.s. insurance operations. such dividends are subject to local insurance regulatory requirements, as discussed in "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries." the cumulative earnings of certain active non-u.s. operations have historically been reinvested indefinitely in such non-u.s. operations. following a post-separation review of our capital needs in the third quarter of 2017, we expect to repatriate approximately $3.0 billion of pre-2017 earnings in the future. as a result, in the third quarter of 2017, we recorded a $444 million tax charge related to this future repatriation of pre-2017 earnings. this charge was partially offset by a $264 million tax benefit associated with dividends from other non-u.s. operations, accordingly, the company recorded a $180 million net tax charge in the third quarter of 2017. the enactment of u.s. tax reform in the fourth quarter of 2017 moves the u.s. from a worldwide tax system to a participation exemption system by imposing a one-time transition tax on untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries by deeming those earnings to be repatriated. as a result, we recorded a $170 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2017. subsequent to 2017, we expect to repatriate future foreign earnings back to the u.s. with minimal or no additional u.s. tax. see further information in note 18 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and "- risk factors - regulatory and legal risks- u.s. tax reform could have an impact on us."
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries (1)                                                                  $7,404                                                             $7,404                                                 $4,550                                                             $4,550                                                 $2,340                                                             $2,340
capital contributions to subsidiaries (5)                                                                                  339                                                                124                                                  1,733                                                              1,733                                                    667                                                                667
treasury stock acquired in connection with share repurchases                                                             2,927                                                                  -                                                    372                                                                  -                                                  1,930                                                                  -
net cash provided by operating activities, metlife, inc. (parent company only)                                          $6,462                                                                                                                    $3,747                                                                                                                    $1,606
dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                      $2,125                                                             $2,125                                                 $1,485                                                             $1,485                                                 $1,354                                                             $1,354
capital contributions from metlife, inc.                                                                                     -                                                                  -                                                      -                                                                  -                                                    150                                                                150
capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                       12                                                                 12                                                     53                                                                 53                                                     27                                                                 27
dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                        2,200                                                              2,200                                                      -                                                                  -                                                      -                                                                  -
(1)   dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. included $5.2 billion, $4.6 billion and $2.3 billion from operating subsidiaries and $2.2 billion, $0 and $0 from other metlife holding companies during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. included in dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. above are the following which increased metlife, inc. liquid assets and free cash flow: dividends from brighthouse subsidiaries, of $1.8 billion, $556 million and $500 million, and returns of capital from brighthouse subsidiaries of $590 million, $0 and $0, during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. also, includes $49 million from the june 2017, issuance by brighthouse holdings, llc of 50,000 units of 6.50% fixed rate cumulative preferred units to metlife, inc. and in turn metlife, inc. sold the preferred units to third-party investors.
(5)   amounts to fund business acquisitions were $215 million, $0 and $0 (included in capital contributions to subsidiaries) during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(6)   in 2017, $2.1 billion of separation-related items (comprised of certain separation-related inflows primarily related to dividends from brighthouse, net of outflows) were included in free cash flow, which increased our holding companies' liquid assets, as well as our free cash flow. excluding these separation-related items, adjusted free cash flow would be $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. in 2016, we incurred $2.3 billion of separation-related items (comprised of certain separation-related outflows, net of inflows related to dividends from brighthouse subsidiaries) which reduced our holding companies' liquid assets, as well as our free cash flow. excluding these separation-related items, adjusted free cash flow would be $4.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(7)   see "- non-gaap and other financial disclosures" for the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies.
the primary sources of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries, issuances of long-term debt, issuance of common or preferred stock, and net receipts from subsidiaries under a tax sharing agreement. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of metlife, inc.'s liquid assets are principal and interest payments on long-term debt, dividends on or repurchases of common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, funding of business acquisitions, income taxes and operating expenses. metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. see "- liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
in addition, metlife, inc. issues loans to subsidiaries or subsidiaries issue loans to metlife, inc. accordingly, changes in metlife, inc. liquid assets include issuances of loans to subsidiaries, proceeds of loans from subsidiaries and the related repayment of principal and payment of interest on such loans. see "- liquidity and capital sources - long-term debt issued - maturities and issuances of affiliated long-term debt" and "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital and debt transactions."
sources and uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies the primary sources of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are dividends, returns of capital and remittances from their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; capital contributions received; receipts of principal and interest on loans to subsidiaries and affiliates and borrowings from subsidiaries and affiliates. metlife, inc.'s non-u.s. operations are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by local regulators. see "- liquidity and capital sources - dividends from subsidiaries."
the primary uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies are capital contributions paid to their subsidiaries and branches, principally non-u.s. insurance companies; loans to subsidiaries and affiliates; principal and interest paid on loans from subsidiaries and affiliates; dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc. and the following items, which are reported within other, net: business acquisitions; and operating expenses. there were no uses of liquid assets of other metlife holding companies to fund business acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, or 2015.
liquidity and capital sources in addition to the description of liquidity and capital sources in "- the company - summary of the company's primary sources and uses of liquidity and capital" and "- the company - liquidity and capital sources" the following additional information is provided regarding metlife, inc.'s primary sources of liquidity and capital.
dividends from subsidiaries metlife, inc. relies, in part, on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its cash requirements. metlife, inc.'s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the regulators of their respective domiciles. the dividend limitation for u.s. insurance subsidiaries is generally based on the surplus to policyholders at the end of the immediately preceding calendar year and statutory net gain from operations for the immediately preceding calendar year. statutory accounting practices, as prescribed by insurance regulators of various states in which we conduct business, differ in certain respects from accounting principles used in financial statements prepared in conformity with gaap. the significant differences relate to the treatment of dac, certain deferred income tax, required investment liabilities, statutory reserve calculation assumptions, goodwill and surplus notes.
the table below sets forth the dividends permitted to be paid by metlife, inc.'s primary insurance subsidiaries without insurance regulatory approval and the respective dividends paid:
company                                                    permitted without approval (1)               paid (2)                        permitted without approval (3)                     paid (2)                  permitted without approval (3)            paid (2)                  permitted without approval (3)
metropolitan life insurance company (4)                    $3,075                                       $2,523                                     $2,723                               $5,740        (5)                       $3,753                      $1,489                                  $1,200
metropolitan property and casualty insurance company       $125                                         $185                                          $98                                 $228                                    $130                        $235                                    $239
metropolitan tower life insurance company                  $73                                          $-                                            $66                                  $60                                     $70                        $102                                    $102
(1)   reflects dividend amounts that may be paid during 2018 without prior regulatory approval. however, because dividend tests may be based on dividends previously paid over rolling 12-month periods, if paid before a specified date during 2018, some or all of such dividends may require regulatory approval. see also note (7) below regarding the impact of the separation on the dividends permitted to be paid by brighthouse insurance and new england life insurance company ("nelico").
(3)   reflects dividend amounts that could have been paid during the relevant year without prior regulatory approval.
(4)   the new york insurance law was amended, permitting mlic to pay dividends without prior regulatory approval under one of two alternative formulations beginning in 2016. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the dividend amounts that mlic was permitted to pay starting in 2016 and going forward were calculated using the new formulation.
(5)   in 2016, mlic paid an ordinary cash dividend to metlife, inc. in the amount of $3.6 billion. in addition, in december 2016, mlic distributed all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of each of nelico and galic to metlife, inc. in the form of a non-cash extraordinary dividend in the amount of $981 million and $1.2 billion, respectively, as calculated on a statutory basis.
(7)   effective april 28, 2017 in connection with the separation, metlife, inc. contributed all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of each of brighthouse insurance and nelico to brighthouse holdings, llc. as a result of the separation, brighthouse insurance and nelico ceased to be subsidiaries of metlife, inc. accordingly, metlife, inc. will no longer receive dividends from brighthouse insurance or nelico after the separation. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
(9)   dividends paid by nelico in 2015 were paid to its former parent, mlic.
in addition to the amounts presented in the table above, on august 3, 2017, brighthouse financial, inc. paid a cash dividend to metlife, inc. of $1.8 billion in connection with the separation. for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, metlife, inc. also received cash payments of $39 million, $26 million and $9 million, respectively, representing dividends from non-brighthouse subsidiaries. additionally, for the year ended december 31, 2017, metlife, inc. received cash returns of capital of $610 million from certain subsidiaries, including $590 million from mrsc in connection with the separation. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, metlife, inc. received cash of $80 million and $5 million, respectively, representing returns of capital from certain subsidiaries. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the dividend capacity of our non-u.s. operations is subject to similar restrictions established by the local regulators. the non-u.s. regulatory regimes also commonly limit dividend payments to the parent company to a portion of the subsidiary's prior year statutory income, as determined by the local accounting principles. the regulators of our non-u.s. operations, including the fsa, may also limit or not permit profit repatriations or other transfers of funds to the u.s. if such transfers are deemed to be detrimental to the solvency or financial strength of the non-u.s. operations, or for other reasons. most of our non-u.s. subsidiaries are second tier subsidiaries which are owned by various non-u.s. holding companies. the capital and rating considerations applicable to our first tier subsidiaries may also impact the dividend flow into metlife, inc.
we proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle. the dividend capacity of certain u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries is also subject to business targets in excess of the minimum capital necessary to maintain the desired rating or level of financial strength in the relevant market. see "risk factors - capital-related risks - as a holding company, metlife, inc. depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends, a major component of holding company free cash flow" and note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
short-term debt metlife, inc. maintains a commercial paper program, the proceeds of which can be used to finance the general liquidity needs of metlife, inc. and its subsidiaries. metlife, inc. had no short-term debt outstanding at either december 31, 2017 or 2016.
preferred stock for information on metlife, inc.'s preferred stock, see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - preferred stock."
long-term debt issued for information on metlife, inc.'s unaffiliated long-term debt issued, see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - long-term debt issued."
maturities and issuances of affiliated long-term debt in september 2016, a $250 million senior note issued to mlic matured and, subsequently, in september 2016 metlife, inc. issued a new $250 million senior note to mlic. the note matures in september 2020 and bears interest at a rate per annum of 3.03%, payable semi-annually.
collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities for information on metlife, inc.'s collateral financing arrangement and junior subordinated debt securities, see notes 13 and 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, respectively and note 5 in schedule ii of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information.
credit and committed facilities the committed facilities are used as collateral for certain of the company's affiliated reinsurance liabilities. metlife, inc. maintains a committed facility with a capacity of $395 million. at december 31, 2017, metlife, inc. had outstanding under this facility $395 million in letters of credit, no drawdowns outstanding and no remaining availability. in addition, metlife, inc. is a party and/or guarantor to committed facilities of certain of its subsidiaries, which aggregated $3.3 billion at december 31, 2017. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of reductions in the committed facilities totaling $7.8 billion in april 2017 in connection with the separation.
see "- the company - liquidity and capital sources - global funding sources - credit and committed facilities," as well as note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for further information regarding the unsecured revolving credit facility and these committed facilities.
in june 2016, metlife, inc. entered into a five-year agreement with an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, metlife ireland treasury d.a.c. (formerly known as metlife ireland treasury limited) ("mit"), to borrow up to $1.3 billion on a revolving basis, at interest rates based on the united states internal revenue service's safe harbor interest rate in effect at the time of the borrowing. metlife, inc. may borrow funds under the agreement at mit's discretion and subject to the availability of funds. there were no outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2017.
junior subordinated debt securities (3)      $2,454              $1,734
(1)   on april 28, 2017, in connection with the separation, metlife, inc. repaid $750 million and $350 million of senior notes to metlife reinsurance company of delaware ("mrd") due september 2032 and december 2033, respectively, in an exchange transaction. the $750 million senior note bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.21% and the $350 million senior note bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.10%. simultaneously, mrd repaid $750 million and $350 million of surplus notes to metlife, inc. see "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital and debt transactions."
(2)   see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of a $2.8 billion repayment on the mrsc collateral financing agreement liability in april 2017 in connection with the separation, utilizing assets held in trust.
(3)   see "- liquidity and capital uses - affiliated capital and debt transactions" for discussion of a $750 million junior subordinated debt securities exchange. also see note 5 in schedule ii of the notes to the metlife, inc. (parent company only) condensed financial information for information regarding the junior subordinated debt securities exchange transaction in february 2017.
debt and facility covenants certain of metlife, inc.'s debt instruments and committed facilities, as well as its unsecured revolving credit facility, contain various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. metlife, inc. believes it was in compliance with all applicable covenants at december 31, 2017.
dispositions cash proceeds from dispositions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $0, $291 million, and $0, respectively. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital uses the primary uses of liquidity of metlife, inc. include debt service, cash dividends on common and preferred stock, capital contributions to subsidiaries, common and preferred stock repurchases, payment of general operating expenses and acquisitions. based on our analysis and comparison of our current and future cash inflows from the dividends we receive from subsidiaries that are permitted to be paid without prior insurance regulatory approval, our investment portfolio and other cash flows and anticipated access to the capital markets, we believe there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable metlife, inc. to make payments on debt, pay cash dividends on its common and preferred stock, contribute capital to its subsidiaries, repurchase its common and preferred stock, pay all general operating expenses and meet its cash needs.
in addition to the description of liquidity and capital uses in "- the company - liquidity and capital uses" and "- the company - contractual obligations" the following additional information is provided regarding metlife, inc.'s primary uses of liquidity and capital:
affiliated capital and debt transactions during the year ended december 31, 2017, metlife, inc. invested a net amount of $729 million in various non-brighthouse subsidiaries. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, metlife, inc. invested a net amount of $1.5 billion and $88 million, respectively, in various subsidiaries. the investment in 2016 included a cash capital contribution of $1.5 billion to brighthouse insurance in connection with the separation.
metlife, inc. lends funds, as necessary, to its subsidiaries and affiliates, some of which are regulated, to meet their capital requirements. metlife, inc. had loans to subsidiaries outstanding of $100 million and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
in april 2017, in connection with the separation, mrd repaid $750 million and $350 million surplus notes to metlife, inc., in an exchange transaction. the $750 million surplus note bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.13% and the $350 million surplus note bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.00%, both payable semi-annually. simultaneously, metlife, inc. repaid $750 million and $350 million senior notes to mrd.
in february 2017, metlife, inc. exchanged $750 million aggregate principal amount of its 9.250% fixed-to-floating rate junior subordinated debentures due 2068 for $750 million aggregate liquidation preference of the 9.250% fixed-to- floating rate exchangeable surplus trust securities of metlife capital trust x (the "trust"). as a result of the exchange, metlife, inc. became the sole beneficial owner of the trust, a special purpose entity which issued the exchangeable surplus trust securities to third-party investors. in march 2017, metlife, inc. dissolved the trust and became the direct holder of $750 million 8.595% surplus notes previously held by the trust that were issued by brighthouse insurance. see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements. in june 2017, metlife, inc. forgave brighthouse insurance's obligation to pay the principal amount of such surplus notes. this transaction, which was a non-cash capital contribution to brighthouse holdings, llc, and a corresponding non-cash capital contribution to brighthouse insurance, had no impact on the consolidated financial statements of metlife, inc. as of the date of the transaction.
in july 2013, mit borrowed the chilean peso equivalent of $1.5 billion from metlife, inc., which was due july 2023. the loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 8.5%, payable annually. in december, september and june 2015, mit made loan payments of the chilean peso equivalent of $77 million, $153 million and $231 million, respectively. at december 31, 2015, the loan was fully paid.
debt repayments for information on metlife, inc.'s debt repayments, see "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - debt repayments." metlife, inc. intends to repay or refinance, in whole or in part, all the debt that is due in 2018.
repayments of affiliated long-term debt in april 2017, in connection with the separation, metlife, inc. in an exchange transaction repaid $750 million and $350 million of senior notes to mrd due september 2032 and december 2033, respectively. the $750 million senior note bore interest at a fixed rate of 4.21% and the $350 million senior note bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.10%. simultaneously, mrd repaid $750 million and $350 million of surplus notes to metlife, inc.
in june 2016, march 2016 and december 2015, metlife, inc. repaid $204 million, $10 million and $286 million, respectively, of affiliated long-term debt to metlife exchange trust i, at maturity, in exchange for returns of capital. the long-term notes bore interest at three-month libor plus 0.70%.
maturities of senior notes the following table summarizes metlife, inc.'s outstanding senior notes by year of maturity through 2022 and 2023 to 2046, excluding any premium or discount and unamortized issuance costs, at december 31, 2017:
year of maturity            principal                interest rate
support agreements metlife, inc. is party to various capital support commitments and guarantees with certain of its subsidiaries. under these arrangements, metlife, inc. has agreed to cause each such entity to meet specified capital and surplus levels or has guaranteed certain contractual obligations. see "- the company - liquidity and capital uses - support agreements."
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of its subsidiary, delam, under a stop loss reinsurance agreement with rga reinsurance (barbados) inc. ("rgare"), pursuant to which rgare retrocedes to delam a portion of the whole life medical insurance business that rgare assumed from american life on behalf of its japan operations. also, metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of its subsidiary, missouri reinsurance, inc. ("more"), under a retrocession agreement with rgare, pursuant to which more retrocedes a portion of the closed block liabilities associated with industrial life and ordinary life insurance policies that it assumed from mlic.
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of metlife reinsurance company of bermuda, ltd. ("mrb"), a bermuda insurance affiliate and an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of metlife, inc. under a reinsurance agreement with mitsui sumitomo primary life insurance co., ltd. ("mitsui"), a former affiliate that is now an unaffiliated third party, under which mrb reinsures certain variable annuity business written by mitsui.
metlife, inc. guarantees the obligations of mrb in an aggregate amount up to $1.0 billion, under a reinsurance agreement with metlife europe d.a.c. ("mel") (formerly known as metlife europe limited), under which mrb reinsured the guaranteed living benefits and guaranteed death benefits associated with certain unit-linked annuity contracts issued by mel.
metlife, inc., in connection with metlife reinsurance company of vermont ("mrv") reinsurance of certain universal life and term life insurance risks, committed to the vermont department of banking, insurance, securities and health care administration to take necessary action to cause the two protected cells of mrv to maintain total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 200% of each such protected cell's authorized control level rbc, as defined in vermont state insurance statutes. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
metlife, inc., in connection with the collateral financing arrangement associated with mrc's reinsurance of a portion of the liabilities associated with the closed block, committed to the south carolina department of insurance to make capital contributions, if necessary, to mrc so that mrc may at all times maintain its total adjusted capital in an amount that is equal to or greater than 200% of the company action level rbc, as defined in south carolina state insurance statutes as in effect on the date of determination or december 31, 2007, whichever calculation produces the greater capital requirement, or as otherwise required by the south carolina department of insurance. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
metlife, inc. guarantees obligations arising from derivatives of the following subsidiaries: mrb, metlife international holdings, llc and metlife worldwide holdings, llc. these subsidiaries are exposed to various risks relating to their ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit and equity market. these subsidiaries use a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. further, all of the subsidiaries' derivatives are subject to industry standard netting agreements and collateral agreements that limit the unsecured portion of any open derivative position. on a net counterparty basis at december 31, 2017 and 2016, derivative transactions with positive mark-to-market values (in-the-money) were $515 million and $495 million, respectively, and derivative transactions with negative mark-to-market values (out-of-the-money) were $126 million and $237 million, respectively. to secure the obligations represented by the out of-the-money transactions, the subsidiaries had provided collateral to their counterparties with an estimated fair value of $114 million and $233 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. accordingly, unsecured derivative liabilities guaranteed by metlife, inc. were $12 million and $4 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
metlife, inc. also guarantees the obligations of certain of its subsidiaries under committed facilities with third-party banks. see note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions cash outflows for acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2017 were $211 million. there were no cash outflows from metlife, inc. for acquisitions during either of the years ended december 31, 2016 or 2015.
non-gaap and other financial disclosures in this report, the company presents certain measures of its performance that are not calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that these non-gaap financial measures enhance the understanding of our performance by highlighting the results of operations and the underlying profitability drivers of our business.
the following non-gaap financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap:
(v)              free cash flow of all holding companies              (v)                 metlife, inc.'s net cash provided by operating activities
reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable historical gaap measures are included in this section and the results of operations, see "- results of operations." reconciliations of these non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures is not accessible on a forward-looking basis because we believe it is not possible without unreasonable efforts to provide other than a range of net investment gains and losses and net derivative gains and losses, which can fluctuate significantly within or outside the range and from period to period and may have a material impact on net income. these "adjusted" non-gaap financial measures were formerly referred to as "operating" non-gaap financial measures.
our definitions of the various non-gaap and other financial measures discussed in this report may differ from those used by other companies:
these measures are used by management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. consistent with gaap guidance for segment reporting, adjusted earnings is also our gaap measure of segment performance. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings are also the measures by which senior management's and many other employees' performance is evaluated for the purposes of determining their compensation under applicable compensation plans. adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings allow analysis of our performance relative to our business plan and facilitate comparisons to industry results.
adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses these financial measures focus on our primary businesses principally by excluding the impact of market volatility, which could distort trends, and revenues and costs related to non-core products and certain entities required to be consolidated under gaap. also, these measures exclude results of discontinued operations under gaap and other businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by metlife but do not meet the discontinued operations criteria under gaap and are referred to as divested businesses. divested businesses also includes the net impact of transactions with exited businesses that have been eliminated in consolidation under gaap and costs relating to businesses that have been or will be sold or exited by metlife that do not meet the criteria to be included in results of discontinued operations under gaap. in addition, for the year ended december 31, 2016, adjusted revenues and adjusted expenses exclude the financial impact of converting the company's japan operations to calendar year-end reporting without retrospective application of this change to prior periods and is referred to as lag elimination. adjusted revenues also excludes net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses). adjusted expenses also excludes goodwill impairments.
the following additional adjustments are made to revenues, in the line items indicated, in calculating adjusted revenues:
   universal life and investment-type product policy fees excludes the amortization of unearned revenue related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses) and certain variable annuity gmib fees ("gmib fees");
   net investment income: (i) includes earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of investments or that are used to replicate certain investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, (ii) excludes post-tax adjusted earnings adjustments relating to insurance joint ventures accounted for under the equity method, (iii) excludes certain amounts related to contractholder-directed unit-linked investments and (iv) excludes certain amounts related to securitization entities that are vies consolidated under gaap; and
the following additional adjustments are made to expenses, in the line items indicated, in calculating adjusted expenses:
   policyholder benefits and claims and policyholder dividends excludes: (i) changes in the policyholder dividend obligation related to net investment gains (losses) and net derivative gains (losses), (ii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments and amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass through adjustments, (iii) benefits and hedging costs related to gmibs ("gmib costs"), and (iv) market value adjustments associated with surrenders or terminations of contracts ("market value adjustments");
   interest credited to policyholder account balances includes adjustments for earned income on derivatives and amortization of premium on derivatives that are hedges of policyholder account balances but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and excludes amounts related to net investment income earned on contractholder-directed unit-linked investments;
   interest expense on debt excludes certain amounts related to securitization entities that are vies consolidated under gaap; and
   other expenses excludes costs related to: (i) noncontrolling interests, (ii) implementation of new insurance regulatory requirements, and (iii) acquisition, integration and other costs.
adjusted earnings also excludes the recognition of certain contingent assets and liabilities that could not be recognized at acquisition or adjusted for during the measurement period under gaap business combination accounting guidance.
the tax impact of the adjustments mentioned above are calculated net of the u.s. or foreign statutory tax rate, which could differ from the company's effective tax rate. additionally, the provision for income tax (expense) benefit also includes the impact related to the timing of certain tax credits, as well as certain tax reforms.
return on equity, allocated equity and related measures:
   metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity, excluding the net unrealized investment gains (losses) and defined benefit plans adjustment components of aoci, net of income tax.
   adjusted roe is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders, divided by average gaap common stockholders' equity.
   adjusted roe, excluding aoci other than fcta, is defined as adjusted earnings available to common shareholders divided by average gaap common stockholders' equity, excluding aoci other than fcta.
   allocated equity is the portion of metlife, inc.'s common stockholders' equity that management allocates to each of its segments and sub-segments based on local capital requirements and economic capital. see "- economic capital." allocated equity excludes the impact of aoci other than fcta.
the above measures represent a level of equity consistent with the view that, in the ordinary course of business, we do not plan to sell most investments for the sole purpose of realizing gains or losses. also refer to the utilization of adjusted earnings and other financial measures based on adjusted earnings mentioned above.
the following additional information is relevant to an understanding of our performance results:
   we sometimes refer to sales activity for various products. these sales statistics do not correspond to revenues under gaap, but are used as relevant measures of business activity. further, sales statistics for our latin america, asia and emea segments are on a constant currency basis.
   asymmetrical and non-economic accounting refers to: (i) the portion of net derivative gains (losses) on embedded derivatives attributable to the inclusion of our credit spreads in the liability valuations, (ii) hedging activity that generates net derivative gains (losses) and creates fluctuations in net income because hedge accounting cannot be achieved and the item being hedged does not a have an offsetting gain or loss recognized in earnings, (iii) inflation-indexed benefit adjustments associated with contracts backed by inflation-indexed investments and amounts associated with periodic crediting rate adjustments based on the total return of a contractually referenced pool of assets and other pass through adjustments, and (iv) impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the re-measurement of foreign denominated unhedged funding agreements and financing transactions to the u.s. dollar and the re-measurement of certain liabilities from non-functional currencies to functional currencies. we believe that excluding the impact of asymmetrical and non-economic accounting from total gaap results enhances investor understanding of our performance by disclosing how these accounting practices affect reported gaap results.
   the company uses a measure of free cash flow to facilitate an understanding of its ability to generate cash for reinvestment into its businesses or use in non-mandatory capital actions. the company defines free cash flow as the sum of cash available at metlife's holding companies from dividends from operating subsidiaries, expenses and other net flows of the holding companies (including capital contributions to subsidiaries), and net contributions from debt to be at or below target leverage ratios. this measure of free cash flow is prior to capital actions, such as common stock dividends and repurchases, debt reduction and mergers and acquisitions. free cash flow should not be viewed as a substitute for net cash provided by (used in) operating activities calculated in accordance with gaap. the free cash flow ratio is typically expressed as a percentage of annual adjusted earnings available to common shareholders. a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 is provided below.
reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities of metlife, inc. to free cash flow of all holding companies                                                    years ended december 31,
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                               $6,462                $3,747                $1,606
adjustments from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                    (124    )           (1,733    )             (667    )
add: returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                                      610                    80                     5
add: dividends and returns of capital from subsidiaries                                                                                      2,125                 1,485                 1,354
add: capital contributions from metlife, inc.                                                                                                    -                     -                   150
add: capital contributions to subsidiaries                                                                                                     (12    )              (53    )              (27    )
add: dividends and returns of capital to metlife, inc.                                                                                      (2,200    )                -                     -
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities to consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders:
metlife, inc. (parent company only) net cash provided by operating activities                                                               $6,462                $3,747                $1,606
ratio of net cash provided by operating activities (parent company only) to                                                                    165    %              502    %               31    %
(1)   consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders for 2017 includes separation-related costs of $312 million, net of income tax. excluding this amount from the denominator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 153%. consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders for 2016 includes separation-related costs of $73 million, net of income tax. excluding this amount from the denominator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 457%. consolidated net income (loss) available to metlife, inc.'s common shareholders for 2015 includes a non-cash charge of $792 million, net of income tax, related to an uncertain tax position. excluding this charge from the denominator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 27%. see "- liquidity and capital resources - metlife, inc. - liquid assets - metlife, inc. and other metlife holding companies sources and uses of liquid assets and sources and uses of liquid assets included in free cash flow."
(2)   including the free cash flow of other metlife, inc. holding companies of ($501) million, $1.0 billion and $461 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, in the numerator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 153%, 636% and 40%, respectively. including the free cash flow of other metlife, inc. holding companies in the numerator of the ratio and excluding the separation-related costs and uncertain tax position non-cash charge from the denominator of the ratio, this ratio, as adjusted, would be 141%, 579% and 34% for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   i) in 2017, $2.1 billion of separation-related items (comprised of certain separation-related inflows primarily related to dividends from brighthouse, net of outflows) were included, which increased our holding companies' liquid assets, as well as our free cash flow. excluding these separation-related items, adjusted free cash flow would be $3.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for 2017 was negatively impacted by notable items, primarily related to tax adjustments, of $622 million, net of income tax. excluding the separation-related items, which increased free cash flow, from the numerator of the ratio and excluding such notable items negatively impacting consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2017 would be 75%.
ii) in 2016, we incurred $2.3 billion of separation-related items (comprised of certain separation-related outflows, net of inflows related to dividends from brighthouse subsidiaries) which reduced our holding companies' liquid assets, as well as our free cash flow. excluding these separation-related items, adjusted free cash flow would be $4.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for 2016 was negatively impacted by notable items, primarily related to the actuarial assumption review and other insurance adjustments, of $709 million, net of income tax, and separation-related costs of $15 million, net of income tax. excluding the separation-related items, which reduced free cash flow, from the numerator of the ratio and excluding such notable items and separation-related costs negatively impacting consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2016 would be 98%.
iii) in 2015, dividends from brighthouse subsidiaries of $500 million were included in and increased our holding companies' liquid assets, as well as our free cash flow. excluding these inflows related to dividends from brighthouse subsidiaries, adjusted free cash flow would be $3.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders for 2015 includes a non-cash charge of $792 million, net of income tax, related to an uncertain tax position. excluding these brighthouse inflows, which increased free cash flow, from the numerator of the ratio and excluding such non-cash charge negatively impacting consolidated adjusted earnings available to common shareholders from the denominator of the ratio, the adjusted free cash flow ratio for 2015 would be 74%.