item 1a. risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be adversely affected.
economic conditions and market factors, which are beyond our control, may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our business performance is impacted by a number of factors, including general economic conditions in both the u.s. and europe, market volatility, changes in investment patterns and priorities, and other factors that are generally beyond our control. to the extent that global or national economic conditions weaken, our business is likely to be negatively impacted. adverse market conditions could reduce customer demand for our services and the ability of our customers, lenders and other counterparties to meet their obligations to us. poor economic conditions may result in a decline in trading volumes or values, deterioration of the economic welfare of our listed companies and a reduction in the demand for our products, including our data, index, corporate solutions and market technology products. trading volumes and values are driven primarily by general market conditions and declines in trading volumes or values may affect our market share and impact our pricing. in addition, our market services businesses receive revenues from a relatively small number of customers concentrated in the financial industry, so any event that impacts one or more customers or the financial industry in general could impact our revenues.
the number of listings on our markets is primarily influenced by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, available sources of financing, and tax and regulatory policies. adverse conditions may jeopardize the ability of our listed companies to comply with the continued listing requirements of our exchanges.
information services revenues also may be significantly affected by global economic conditions. professional subscriptions to our data products are at risk if staff reductions occur in financial services companies, which could result in significant reductions in our professional user revenue. in addition, adverse market conditions may cause reductions in the number of non-professional investors with investments in the market and in etp assets under management tracking nasdaq indexes.
finally, there may be less demand for our corporate solutions or market technology products if global economic conditions are weak. our customers historically cut back on purchases of new services and technology when growth rates decline, thereby reducing our opportunities to sell new products and services or upgrade existing products and services.
a reduction in trading volumes or values, market share of trading, the number of our listed companies, or demand for information services, corporate solutions or market technology products due to economic conditions or other market factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
our industry is highly competitive.
we face intense competition from other exchanges and markets for market share of trading activity and listings. in addition, our data products, index licensing and services, corporate solutions and market technology businesses face significant competition from other market participants. this competition includes both product and price competition. increased competition may result in a decline in our share of trading activity, listings and demand for the products we offer, thereby adversely affecting our operating results.
the liberalization and globalization of world markets has resulted in greater mobility of capital, greater international participation in local markets and more competition. as a result, both in the u.s. and in other countries, the competition among exchanges and other execution venues has become more intense. marketplaces in both europe and the u.s. have also merged to achieve greater economies of scale and scope.
regulatory changes also have facilitated the entry of new participants in the european union that compete with our european markets. the regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and in europe, is structured to maintain this environment of intense competition. in addition, a high proportion of business in the securities markets is becoming concentrated in a smaller number of institutions and our revenue may therefore become concentrated in a smaller number of customers.
we also compete globally with other regulated exchanges and markets, atss, mtfs and other traditional and non-traditional execution venues. some of these competitors also are our customers. competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. competitors may enter into strategic partnerships, mergers or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data or technology businesses more competitive than ours.
if we are unable to compete successfully in this environment, our business, financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected.
price competition has affected and could continue to affect our business.
we face intense price competition in all areas of our business. in particular, the trading industry is characterized by intense price competition. we have in the past lowered prices, and in the u.s., increased rebates for trade executions to attempt to gain or maintain market share. these strategies have not always been successful and have at times hurt operating performance. additionally, we have also been, and may once again be, required to adjust pricing to respond to actions by competitors, which could adversely impact operating results. we are also subject to potential price competition from new competitors and from new and existing competitors. we also compete with
respect to the pricing of data products and with respect to products for pre-trade book data and for post-trade last sale data. in the future, our competitors may offer rebates for quotes and trades on their systems. in addition, pricing in our corporate services, index licensing and services and market technology businesses is subject to competitive pressures. if we are unable to compete successfully in respect to the pricing of our services and products, our business, financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.
system limitations or failures could harm our business.
our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer and communications systems supporting them. if our systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times and delays in the introduction of new products and services. these consequences could result in service outages, lower trading volumes or values, financial losses, decreased customer satisfaction and regulatory sanctions. our markets and the markets that rely on our technology have experienced systems failures and delays in the past and could experience future systems failures and delays.
although we currently maintain and expect to maintain multiple computer facilities that are designed to provide redundancy and back-up to reduce the risk of system disruptions and have facilities in place that are expected to maintain service during a system disruption, such systems and facilities may prove inadequate. if trading volumes increase unexpectedly or other unanticipated events occur, we may need to expand and upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network infrastructure. we do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the rate, timing or cost of any volume increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to accommodate any increases in a timely manner.
while we have programs in place to identify and minimize our exposure to vulnerabilities and work in collaboration with the technology industry to share corrective measures with our business partners, we cannot guarantee that such events will not occur in the future. any system issue that causes an interruption in services, decreases the responsiveness of our services or otherwise affects our services could impair our reputation, damage our brand name and negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must continue to introduce new products, initiatives and enhancements to maintain our competitive position.
we intend to launch new products and initiatives and continue to explore and pursue opportunities to strengthen our business and grow our company. we may spend substantial time and money developing new products and initiatives. if these products and initiatives are not successful, we may not be able to offset their costs, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in our technology operations, we have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms and the adoption of new technologies, such as blockchain, machine intelligence and the cloud. although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. if we fail to generate adequate revenue from planned system platforms or the adoption of new technologies, or if we fail to do so within the envisioned timeframe, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, clients may delay purchases in anticipation of new products or enhancements.
trading and clearing volumes and values are directly affected by economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in business and finance, unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading, the level and volatility of interest rates, inflation, changes in price levels of securities and the overall level of investor confidence. in recent years, trading and clearing volumes and values across our markets have fluctuated significantly depending on market conditions and other factors beyond our control. current initiatives being considered by regulators and governments could have a material adverse effect on overall trading and clearing volumes or values. because a significant percentage of our revenues is tied directly to the volume or value of securities traded and cleared on our markets, it is likely that a general decline in trading and clearing volumes or values would lower revenues and may adversely affect our operating results if we are unable to offset falling volumes or values through pricing changes. declines in trading and clearing volumes or values may also impact our market share or pricing structures and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
if our total market share in securities decreases relative to our competitors, our venues may be viewed as less attractive sources of liquidity. if our exchanges are perceived to be less liquid, then our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
since some of our exchanges offer clearing services in addition to trading services, a decline in market share of trading could lead to a decline in clearing revenues. declines in market share also could result in issuers viewing the value of a listing on our exchanges as less attractive, thereby adversely affecting our listing business. finally, declines in market share of nasdaq-listed securities could lower the nasdaq stock market's share of tape pool revenues under the consolidated data plans, thereby reducing the revenues of our data products business.
our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. some of these threats include attacks from foreign governments, hacktivists, insiders and criminal organizations. foreign governments may seek to obtain a foothold in u.s. critical infrastructure, hacktivists may
seek to deploy denial of service attacks to bring attention to their cause, insiders may pose a risk by human error or malicious activity and criminal organizations may seek to profit from stolen data. computer viruses and worms also continue to be a threat with ransomware increasingly being used by criminals to extort money. given our position in the global securities industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events.
while we continue to employ resources to monitor our systems and protect our infrastructure, these measures may prove insufficient depending upon the attack or threat posed. any system issue, whether as a result of an intentional breach, collateral damage from a new virus or a non-malicious act, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, experience lower trading volumes or values, incur significant liabilities or otherwise have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. any system breach may go undetected for an extended period of time. we also could incur significant expense in addressing any of these problems and in addressing related data security and privacy concerns.
the success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers.
the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, frequent enhancements to existing products and services, the adoption of new services and products and changing customer demands. we may not be able to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. for example, we must continue to enhance our platforms to remain competitive as well as to address our regulatory responsibilities, and our business will be negatively affected if our platforms or the technology solutions we sell to our customers fail to function as expected. if we are unable to develop our platforms to include other products and markets, or if our platforms do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers, we may not be able to compete successfully. further, our failure to anticipate or respond adequately to changes in technology and customer preferences or any significant delays in product development efforts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, which may result in an inability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions.
•   difficulties, costs or complications in combining the companies' operations, including technology platforms, which could lead to us not achieving the synergies we anticipate or customers not renewing their contracts with us as we migrate platforms;
•   incompatibility of systems and operating methods;
•   reliance on, or provision of, transition services;
•   inability to use capital assets efficiently to develop the business of the combined company;
•   difficulties of complying with government-imposed regulations in the u.s. and abroad, which may be conflicting;
•   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and other strategic opportunities;
•   the implementation of disclosure controls, internal controls and financial reporting systems at non-u.s. subsidiaries to enable us to comply with u.s. gaap and u.s. securities laws and regulations, including the sarbanes oxley act of 2002, required as a result of our status as a reporting company under the exchange act;
•   possible tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of a combined company;
for these reasons, we may not achieve the anticipated financial and strategic benefits from our acquisitions and initiatives. any actual cost savings and synergies may be lower than we expect and may take a longer time to achieve than we anticipate, and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions.
we will need to invest in our operations to maintain and grow our business and to integrate acquisitions, and we may need additional funds, which may not be readily available.
we depend on the availability of adequate capital to maintain and develop our business. although we believe that we can meet our current capital requirements from internally generated funds, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, if the capital and credit markets experience volatility, access to capital or credit may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. limited access to capital or credit in the future could have an impact on our ability to refinance debt, maintain our credit rating, meet our regulatory capital requirements, engage in strategic initiatives, make acquisitions or strategic investments in other companies, pay dividends, repurchase our stock or react to changing economic and business conditions. if we are unable to fund our capital or credit requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
in addition to our debt obligations, we will need to continue to invest in our operations for the foreseeable future to integrate acquired businesses and to fund new initiatives. if we do not achieve the expected operating results, we will need to reallocate our cash resources. this may include borrowing additional funds to service debt payments, which may impair our ability to make investments in our business or to integrate acquired businesses.
should we need to raise funds through issuing additional equity, our equity holders will suffer dilution. should we need to raise funds through incurring additional debt, we may become subject to covenants even more restrictive than those contained in our credit facilities, the indentures governing our notes and our other debt instruments. furthermore, if adverse economic conditions occur, we could experience decreased revenues from our operations which could affect our ability to satisfy financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under our existing indebtedness.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and may be subject to censures, fines and enforcement proceedings if we fail to comply with regulatory obligations that can be ambiguous and can change unexpectedly.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s., europe and canada. the securities trading industry is subject to significant regulatory oversight and could be subject to increased governmental and public scrutiny in the future that can change in response to global conditions and events.
our ability to comply with complex and changing regulation is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems that can quickly adapt and respond, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. while we have policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks and regulatory obligations, we cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed.
our regulated markets are subject to audits, investigations, administrative proceedings and enforcement actions relating to compliance with applicable rules and regulations. regulators have broad powers to impose fines, penalties or censure, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit operations, revoke licenses or registrations and impose other sanctions on our exchanges, broker-dealers and markets for violations of applicable requirements.
for example, during 2016, the sfsa and the other nordic financial supervisory authorities conducted investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse. in december 2016, we were issued a $6 million fine by the sfsa as a result of findings in connection with its investigation. the sfsa's conclusions related to governance issues rather than systems and platform security. we have appealed the sfsa's decision, including the amount of the fine. the court has not yet reached a decision on our appeal.
in the future, we could be subject to sec or other regulatory investigations or enforcement proceedings that could result in substantial sanctions, including revocation of our operating licenses. any such investigations or proceedings, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs, the diversion of resources, including management time, and potential harm to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. in addition, our exchanges could be required to modify or restructure their regulatory functions in response to any changes in the regulatory environment, or they may be required to rely on third parties to perform regulatory and oversight functions, each of which may require us to incur substantial expenses and may harm our reputation if our regulatory services are deemed inadequate.
the regulatory framework under which we operate and new regulatory requirements or new interpretations of existing regulatory requirements could require substantial time and resources for compliance, which could make it difficult and costly for us to operate our business.
under current u.s. federal securities laws, changes in the rules and operations of our securities markets, including our pricing structure, must be reviewed and in many cases explicitly approved by the sec. the sec may approve, disapprove, or recommend changes to proposals that we submit. in addition, the sec may delay either the approval process or the initiation of the public comment process. in addition, favorable sec rulings and interpretations can be challenged in and reversed by federal courts of appeals, reducing or eliminating the value of such prior interpretations. any delay in approving changes, or the altering of any proposed change, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we must compete not only with atss that are not subject to the same sec approval process but also with other exchanges that may have lower regulation and surveillance costs than us. there is a risk that trading will shift to exchanges that charge lower
in 2016, the sec approved a plan to establish a market-wide consolidated audit trail (cat) to improve regulators' ability to monitor trading activity. in addition to increased regulatory obligations, implementation of a consolidated audit trail could result in significant additional expenditures, including to implement any new technology to meet any plan's requirements.
in addition, our registered broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the sec, finra and other sros. these subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity, which require that they comply with certain minimum capital requirements. the sec and finra impose rules that require notification when a broker-dealer's net capital falls below certain predefined criteria, dictate the ratio of debt to equity in the regulatory capital composition of a broker-dealer and constrain the ability of a broker-dealer to expand its business under certain circumstances. additionally, the sec's uniform net capital rule and finra rules impose certain requirements that may have the effect of prohibiting a broker-dealer from distributing or withdrawing capital and requiring prior notice to the sec and finra for certain withdrawals of capital. any failure to comply with these broker-dealer regulations could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business, financial condition and operating results.
our non-u.s. business is subject to regulatory oversight in all the countries in which we operate regulated businesses, such as exchanges, clearinghouses or central securities depositories. in these countries, we have received authorization from the relevant authorities to conduct our regulated business activities. the authorities may revoke this authorization if we do not suitably carry out our regulated business activities. the authorities are also entitled to request that we adopt measures in order to ensure that we continue to fulfill the authorities' requirements.
furthermore, certain of our customers operate in a highly regulated industry. regulatory authorities could impose regulatory changes that could impact the ability of our customers to use our exchanges. the loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in trading activity on any of our exchanges as a result of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure and technological oversight. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets.
industry responses to the mifid ii and mifir rules or other applicable rules could affect our operations in europe. changes to the rules themselves could also affect our operations in europe. in addition, actions on any of the specific regulatory issues currently under review in the u.s. and europe could have a material impact on our business.
while we support regulatory efforts to review and improve the structure, resilience and integrity of the markets, the adoption of these proposed regulatory changes and future reforms could impose significant costs and obligations on the operation of our exchanges and processor systems and have other impacts on our business.
regulatory and legal developments could reduce the amount of revenue that we earn from our proprietary data products. in the u.s., we generally are required to file with the sec to establish or modify the fees that we charge for our data products. in recent years, certain industry groups have objected to the ability of exchanges to charge for certain data products. we have defeated two challenges in federal appeals court and an additional challenge at the administrative level within the sec. the decision defeating the challenge was reaffirmed at the administrative level in early 2018. however, the industry challengers have sought additional review of that administrative decision by the full sec. that sec review remains pending and, when resolved, it may be appealed to a federal court of appeals. if the results of the full sec review and any subsequent appeal are detrimental to our u.s. exchanges' ability to charge for data products, there could be a negative impact on our revenues. we cannot predict whether, or in what form, any regulatory changes will be implemented, or their potential impact on our business. a determination by the sec, for example, to link data fees to marginal costs, to take a more active role in the data rate-setting process, or to reduce the current levels of data fees could have an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
in canada, all new marketplace fees and changes to existing fees, including trading and data fees, must be filed with and approved by the ontario securities commission. in 2016, the canadian securities administrators approved amendments adopting a data fees methodology that restricts the total amount of fees that can be charged by all marketplaces to a reference level that is not yet defined. when a reference is established, all marketplaces will be subject to annual reviews of their market data fees tying market data revenues to market share.
on cost plus a reasonable margin. however, what constitutes "reasonable margin" is not clearly defined. there is a risk that a different interpretation of this term may influence the fees for european data products adversely. in addition, any future actions by the european commission or european court decisions could affect our ability to offer data products in the same manner as today, thereby causing an adverse effect on our data products revenues.
in 2013, we experienced an outage in the exclusive processor system we maintain and operate on behalf of all exchanges that trade nasdaq-listed stocks that resulted in a market-wide trading halt lasting approximately three hours. following this system outage, the sec and others evaluated all infrastructure that is critical to the national market system, including the processor systems. nasdaq, as technology provider to the utp operating committee, proposed, received approval for, and implemented measures to enhance the resiliency of the existing processor system. additionally, the utp operating committee approved nasdaq's proposal to transfer the processor technology from its current enhanced platform to nasdaq's inet platform. the migration, which was completed in late 2016, further enhanced the resiliency of the processor systems. if, despite these improvement measures, future outages occur or the processor systems fail to function properly while we are operating the systems, it could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or operating results.
we have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated.
our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. some of our operations require complex processes, and the introduction of new products or services or changes in processes or reporting due to regulatory requirements may result in an increased risk of errors for a period after implementation.
data, other content or information that we distribute may contain errors or be delayed, causing reputational harm. use of our products and services as part of the investment process creates the risk that clients, or the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, may pursue claims against us in the event of such delay or error. even with a favorable outcome, significant litigation against us might unduly burden management, personnel, financial and other resources.
in addition, the sophisticated software we sell to our customers may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may be discovered only after delivery. these errors may result in negative customer experiences that could damage our reputation, thereby causing loss of customers, loss of revenues and liability for damages, thereby adversely affecting our business and financial results.
our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. legal and contractual requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data continue to evolve; regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently across jurisdictions and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements.
the european union general data protection regulation, or gdpr, which becomes effective in may 2018, extends the scope of the european union data protection law and requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. in addition to directly applying to certain nasdaq business activities, we expect that this regulation may impact many of our customers, which may affect their requirements and decisions related to services that we offer. although we have a program underway to address gdpr requirements, our efforts to comply with gdpr and other privacy and data protection laws may entail substantial expenses, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could impact the services that we offer. furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. the enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability.
the market for listings is dependent on the prosperity of companies and the availability of risk capital. a stagnation or decline in the number of new listings on the nasdaq stock market and the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges will impact our revenues. through december 31, 2017, we recognized revenue from new listings on the nasdaq stock market on a straight-line basis over an estimated six-year service period. as of january 1, 2018, we adopted asu 2014-09; see "recent accounting pronouncements," of note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies," for further discussion. both before and after the adoption of this new accounting standard, a stagnant market for listings could cause a decrease in revenues for future years. furthermore, a prolonged decrease in the number of listings could negatively impact the growth of our transactions revenues. our corporate solutions business is also impacted by declines in the listings market or increases in acquisitions activity as there will be fewer publicly-traded customers that need our products.
any reduction in our credit rating could increase the cost of our funding from the capital markets.
our long-term debt is currently rated investment grade by two of the major rating agencies. these rating agencies regularly evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term debt and commercial paper are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and corporate development activity, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting our industry generally. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current ratings. our failure to maintain those ratings could reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain funding and increase our cost of capital. a reduction in credit ratings would also result in increases in the cost of our commercial paper and other outstanding debt as the interest rate on the outstanding amounts under our credit facilities and most tranches of our senior notes fluctuates based on our credit ratings.
one of our competitive strengths is our strong reputation and brand name. various issues may give rise to reputational risk, including issues relating to:
•   our ability to maintain the security of our data and systems;
•   the quality and reliability of our technology platforms and systems;
•   the ability to fulfill our regulatory obligations;
•   the ability to execute our business plan, key initiatives or new business ventures and the ability to keep up with changing customer demand;
•   the quality of our corporate governance structure;
•   the quality of our products, including the reliability of our transaction-based, corporate solutions and market technology products, the accuracy of the quote and trade information provided by our data products business and the accuracy of calculations used by our index licensing and services business for indexes and unit investment trusts;
•   the quality of our disclosure controls or internal controls over financial reporting, including any failures in supervision;
•   extreme price volatility on our markets;
•   any negative publicity surrounding our listed companies; and
•   any misconduct, fraudulent activity or theft by our employees or other persons formerly or currently associated with us.
damage to our reputation could cause some issuers not to list their securities on our exchanges, as well as reduce the trading volumes or values on our exchanges or cause us to lose customers in our data products, index licensing and services, corporate solutions or market technology businesses. this, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
our business acquisitions typically result in the recording of goodwill and intangible assets, and the recorded values of those assets may become impaired in the future. as of december 31, 2017, goodwill totaled approximately $6.6 billion and intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, totaled approximately $2.5 billion. the determination of the value of such goodwill and intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements.
we assess goodwill and intangible assets, as well as other long-lived assets, including equity and cost method investments and property and equipment, for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if indicators of impairment arise. we estimate the fair value of such assets by assessing many factors, including historical performance, capital requirements and projected cash flows. considerable management judgment is necessary to project future cash flows and evaluate the impact of expected operating and macroeconomic changes on these cash flows. the estimates and assumptions we use are consistent with our internal planning process. however, there are inherent uncertainties in these estimates.
there was no impairment of goodwill for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and there were no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in 2017. as discussed in "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 6, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million in 2016 and $119 million in 2015.
we may experience future events that may result in asset impairments. future disruptions to our business, prolonged economic weakness or significant declines in operating results at any of our reporting units or businesses, may result in impairment charges to goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets. a significant impairment charge in the future could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
for additional discussion of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets, including related impairment, see "goodwill and related impairment," "indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment," and "other long-lived assets and related impairment," of "critical accounting policies and estimates," of item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and "goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets," and "valuation of other
•   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;
•   changes in price levels and volatility in the stock markets;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   the perceived attractiveness of the u.s. or european capital markets; and
any one of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results by causing a substantial decline in the financial services markets and reducing trading volumes or values.
additionally, since borrowings under our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates, any increase in interest rates on debt that we have not fixed using interest rate hedges will increase our interest expense, reduce our cash flow or increase the cost of future borrowings or refinancings. other than variable rate debt, we believe our business has relatively large fixed costs and low variable costs, which magnifies the impact of revenue fluctuations on our operating results. as a result, a decline in our revenue may lead to a relatively larger impact on operating results. a substantial portion of our operating expenses is related to personnel costs, regulation and corporate overhead, none of which can be adjusted quickly and some of which cannot be adjusted at all. our operating expense levels are based on our expectations for future revenue. if actual revenue is below management's expectations, or if our expenses increase before revenues do, both revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. because of these factors, it is possible that our operating results or other operating metrics may fail to meet the expectations of stock market analysts and investors. if this happens, the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents.
we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons.
we clear or stand as riskless principal to a range of equity-related and fixed-income-related derivative products, commodities and resale and repurchase agreements. we assume the counterparty risk for all transactions that are cleared through our markets and guarantee that our cleared contracts will be honored. we enforce minimum financial and operational criteria for membership eligibility, require members and investors to provide collateral, and maintain established risk policies and procedures to ensure that the counterparty risks are properly monitored and proactively managed; however, none of these measures provides absolute assurance against experiencing financial losses from defaults by our counterparties on their obligations. no guarantee can be given that the collateral provided will at all times be sufficient. although we maintain clearing capital resources to serve as an additional layer of protection to help ensure that we are able to meet our obligations, these resources may not be sufficient.
in addition, one of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, execution access, has a clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald & co., or cantor fitzgerald. as of december 31, 2017, we have contributed $19 million of clearing deposits to cantor fitzgerald in connection with this clearing arrangement. this clearing agreement will end on july 31, 2018, and will be replaced by a clearing agreement with the industrial and commercial bank of china financial services llc, or icbc. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by cantor fitzgerald (and similarly will be by icbc after july 31, 2018) through the fixed income clearing corporation. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the individual transactions, which is at least one business day (or more, if specified by the u.s. treasury issuance calendar). all of execution access' obligations under the clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald are guaranteed by nasdaq. counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk. daily position trading limits are also enforced for such counterparties. although we believe that the potential for us to be required to make payments under these arrangements is mitigated through the pledged collateral and our risk management policies, no guarantee can be provided that these arrangements will at all times be sufficient.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears.
credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
our leverage limits our financial flexibility, increases our exposure to weakening economic conditions and may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing.
our indebtedness as of december 31, 2017 was approximately $4.2 billion. we may borrow additional amounts by utilizing available liquidity under our existing credit facilities or issuing short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes through our commercial paper program.
•   reduce funds available to us for operations and general corporate purposes or for capital expenditures as a result of the dedication of a substantial portion of our consolidated cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•   increase our exposure to a continued downturn in general economic conditions;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors with less debt;
•   affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for refinancing indebtedness, acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures or other purposes; and
•   increase our cost of debt and reduce or eliminate our ability to issue commercial paper.
in addition, we must comply with the covenants in our credit facilities. among other things, these covenants restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens on assets, dispose of assets and pay dividends (although we are permitted to pay cash dividends on our common stock). failure to meet any of the covenant terms of our credit facilities could result in an event of default. if an event of default occurs, and we are unable to receive a waiver of default, our lenders may increase our borrowing costs, restrict our ability to obtain additional borrowings and accelerate all amounts outstanding.
we are subject to litigation risks and other liabilities.
many aspects of our business potentially involve substantial liability risks. although under current law we are immune from private suits arising from conduct within our regulatory authority and from acts and forbearances incident to the exercise of our regulatory authority, this immunity only covers certain of our activities in the u.s., and we could be exposed to liability under national and local laws, court decisions and rules and regulations promulgated by regulatory agencies.
some of our other liability risks arise under the laws and regulations relating to the tax, employment, intellectual property, anti-money laundering, technology export, foreign asset controls and foreign corrupt practices areas. liability could also result from disputes over the terms of a trade, claims that a system failure or delay cost a customer money, claims we entered into an unauthorized transaction or claims that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a securities transaction. as we intend to defend any such litigation actively, significant legal expenses could be incurred. although we carry insurance that may limit our risk of damages in some cases, we still may sustain uncovered losses or losses in excess of available insurance that would affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we have self-regulatory obligations and also operate for-profit businesses, and these two roles may create conflicts of interest.
we have obligations to regulate and monitor activities on our markets and ensure compliance with applicable law and the rules of our markets by market participants and listed companies. in the u.s., some have expressed concern about potential conflicts of interest of "for-profit" markets performing the regulatory functions of an sro. although our u.s. cash equity and options exchanges outsource a portion of their market regulation functions to finra, we do perform regulatory functions and bear regulatory responsibility related to our listed companies and our markets. any failure by us to diligently and fairly regulate our markets or to otherwise fulfill our regulatory obligations could significantly harm our reputation, prompt sec scrutiny and adversely affect our business and reputation.
our nordic and baltic exchanges monitor trading and compliance with listing standards in accordance with the european union's market abuse regulation and other applicable laws. the prime objective of such monitoring activities is to promote confidence in the exchanges among the general public and to ensure fair and orderly functioning markets. the monitoring functions within the nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic exchanges are the responsibility of the surveillance departments or other surveillance personnel. the surveillance departments or personnel are intended to strengthen the integrity of and confidence in these exchanges and to avoid conflicts of interest. any failure to diligently and fairly regulate the nordic and baltic exchanges could significantly harm our reputation, prompt scrutiny from regulators and adversely affect our business and reputation.
failure to protect our intellectual property rights, or allegations that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, could harm our brand-building efforts and ability to compete effectively.
to protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of trademark laws, copyright laws, patent laws, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our affiliates, clients, strategic partners, employees and others. however, the efforts we have taken to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights might not be sufficient, or effective, at stopping unauthorized use of those rights. we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
we have registered, or applied to register, our trademarks in the united states and in over 50 foreign jurisdictions and have pending u.s. and foreign applications for other trademarks. we also maintain copyright protection on our branded materials
and pursue patent protection for software products, inventions and other processes developed by us. we also hold a number of patents, patent applications and licenses in the united states and other foreign jurisdictions. however, effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection might not be available or cost-effective in every country in which our services and products are offered. moreover, changes in patent law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, could also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. in particular, recent amendments to the u.s. patent law may affect our ability to protect and defend our innovations. there is also a risk that the scope of protection under our patents may not be sufficient in some cases, or that existing patents may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. failure to protect our intellectual property adequately could harm our brand and affect our ability to compete effectively. further, defending our intellectual property rights could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources.
third parties may assert intellectual property rights claims against us, which may be costly to defend, could require the payment of damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies, trademarks or other intellectual property. any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management resources and attention. successful challenges against us could require us to modify or discontinue our use of technology or business processes where such use is found to infringe or violate the rights of others, or require us to purchase licenses from third parties, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, data storage, data content, clearing and other services. to the extent that any of our vendors or other third-party service providers experiences difficulties, materially changes their business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform their obligations, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we also rely on members of our trading community to maintain markets and add liquidity. to the extent that any of our largest members experiences difficulties, materially changes its business relationship with us or is unable for any reason to perform market making activities, our business or our reputation may be materially adversely affected.
we are a holding company that depends on cash flow from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations, and any restrictions on our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
minimum capital requirements mandated by regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over some of our regulated subsidiaries indirectly restrict the amount of dividends paid upstream.
in addition, unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are generally considered to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not our current intent to change this position. however, the majority of cash held outside the u.s. is available for repatriation, but under current law in certain jurisdictions, could subject us to additional income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits.
if our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends and make other payments to us when needed, we may be unable to satisfy our obligations, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
future acquisitions, dispositions, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities may require significant resources and/or result in significant unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities.
over the past several years, acquisitions have been significant factors in our growth. in addition, we are in the process of divesting certain assets, and we may divest additional businesses or assets in the future. although we cannot predict our transactional activities with complete accuracy, we believe that additional acquisitions, divestments, investments, joint ventures and other transactional activities will be important to our strategy. such transactions may be material in size and scope. many of the other potential purchasers of assets in our industry have greater financial resources than we have. therefore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to complete future transactions on terms favorable to us.
we may finance future transactions by issuing additional equity and/or debt. the issuance of additional equity in connection with any such transaction could be substantially dilutive to existing shareholders. in addition, announcement or implementation of future transactions by us or others could have a material effect on the price of our common stock. the issuance of additional debt could increase our leverage substantially. we could face financial risks associated with incurring additional debt, particularly if the debt results in significant incremental leverage. additional debt may reduce our liquidity, curtail our access to financing markets, impact our standing with credit rating agencies and increase the cash flow required for debt service. any incremental debt incurred to finance a transaction could also place significant constraints on the operation of our business.
furthermore, any future transactions could entail a number of additional risks, including:
•   problems with effective integration of operations;
•   the inability to maintain key pre-transaction business relationships;
•   reliance on, or provision of, transition services;
•   problems with regulatory bodies;
•   risks associated with divesting employees, customers or vendors when divesting businesses or assets;
•   exposure to unanticipated liabilities;
•   changes in our credit rating and financing costs.
in addition, some of our subsidiaries are subject to tax in the jurisdictions in which they are organized or operate. in computing our tax obligation in these jurisdictions, we take various tax positions. we cannot assure you that upon review of these positions the applicable authorities will agree with our positions. a successful challenge by a tax authority could result in additional tax imposed on our subsidiaries.
failure to attract and retain key personnel may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.
our future success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified professional personnel. competition for key personnel in the various localities and business segments in which we operate is intense. our ability to attract and retain key personnel, in particular senior officers, will be dependent on a number of factors, including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for the same talent. there is no guarantee that we will have the continued service of key employees who we rely upon to execute our business strategy and identify and pursue strategic opportunities and initiatives. in particular, we may have to incur costs to replace senior officers or other key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business strategy could be impaired if we are unable to replace such persons in a timely manner.
our non-u.s. business operates in various international markets, particularly emerging markets that are subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than developed countries.
our non-u.s. business operates in various international markets, including but not limited to northern europe, the baltics, the middle east, africa and asia. therefore, our non-u.s. operations are subject to the risk inherent in the international environment. political, economic or social events or developments in one or more of our non-u.s. locations could adversely affect our operations and financial results. some locations, such as lithuania, india and the philippines, may increase risk. some of these economies may be subject to greater political, economic and social uncertainties than countries with more developed institutional structures.
unforeseen or catastrophic events could interrupt our critical business functions. in addition, our u.s. and european businesses are heavily concentrated in particular areas and may be adversely affected by events in those areas.
we may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters, extreme weather, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, human error, theft, sabotage and vandalism. given our position in the global capital markets, we may be more likely than other companies to be a target of such activities.
in addition, our u.s. business operations are heavily concentrated on the east coast, and our european business operations are heavily concentrated in stockholm. any event that affects either of those geographic areas could potentially affect our ability to operate our businesses.
we have business continuity plans for critical business functions to mitigate the risk of an interruption. however, any interruption in our critical business functions could negatively impact our financial condition and operating results.
we have operations in the u.s., the nordic and baltic countries, the u.k., australia and many other foreign countries. we therefore have significant exposure to exchange rate movements between the euro, swedish krona and other foreign currencies towards the u.s. dollar. significant inflation or disproportionate changes in foreign exchange rates with respect to one or more of these currencies could occur as a result of general economic conditions, acts of war or terrorism, changes in governmental monetary or tax policy, changes in local interest rates or other factors. these exchange rate differences will affect the translation of our non-u.s. results of operations and financial condition into u.s. dollars as part of the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and could adversely affect our financial results.
we have methods to identify, assess, monitor and manage our risks, including oversight of risk management by nasdaq's global risk management committee, which is comprised of senior executives and is responsible for regularly reviewing risks and referring significant risks to the board of directors or specific board committees. however, these methods may not be fully effective. some of our risk management methods may depend upon subjective evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters. that information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly
evaluated. if our methods are not effective or we are not successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed, our business, reputation, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
charges to earnings resulting from acquisition, integration and restructuring costs may materially adversely affect the market value of our common stock.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are accounting for the completion of our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. we are allocating the total estimated purchase prices to net tangible assets, amortizable intangible assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the acquisitions, recording the excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. our financial results, including earnings per share, could be adversely affected by a number of financial adjustments including the following:
•   we may incur additional amortization expense over the estimated useful lives of certain of the intangible assets acquired in connection with acquisitions during such estimated useful lives;
•   we may have additional depreciation expense as a result of recording acquired tangible assets at fair value, in accordance with u.s. gaap, as compared to book value as recorded;
•   we may incur additional costs from integrating our acquisitions. the success of our acquisitions depends, in part, on our ability to integrate these businesses into our existing operations and realize anticipated cost savings, revenue synergies and growth opportunities; and
•   we may incur restructuring costs in connection with the reorganization of any of our businesses.
since 2013, our board of directors has declared quarterly cash dividend payments on our outstanding common stock. future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to approval by nasdaq's board of directors. the board's determination to declare dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant. based on an evaluation of these factors, the board of directors may determine not to declare future dividends at all or to declare future dividends at a reduced amount. accordingly, there can be no guarantee that we will pay future dividends to our stockholders.
provisions of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws, exchange rules (including provisions included to address sec concerns) and governing law restrict the ownership and voting of our common stock. in addition, such provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of us and entrench current management.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
in response to the sec's concern about a concentration of our ownership, the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries include a prohibition on any member or any person associated with a member of the exchange from beneficially owning more than 20% of our outstanding voting interests. sec consent would be required before any investor could obtain more than a 20% voting interest in us. the rules of some of our exchange subsidiaries also require the sec's approval of any business ventures with exchange members, subject to exceptions.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
•   do not permit stockholders to act by written consent;
•   authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, or "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors without stockholder approval.
section 203 of the delaware general corporation law imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more (or, in some cases, a holder who previously held 15% or more) of our common stock. in general, delaware law prohibits a publicly held corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for three years after the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors and stockholders approve the business combination in a prescribed manner.
finally, many of the european countries where we operate regulated entities require prior governmental approval before an investor acquires 10% or greater of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of nasdaq should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "item 1a. risk factors."
business overview we are a leading provider of trading, clearing, marketplace technology, regulatory, securities listing, information and public and private company services. our global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, trade management services, data products, financial indexes, capital formation solutions, corporate solutions, and market technology products and services. our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance and many other functions.
for further discussion of our business, see "item 1. business."
business environment our non-transactional businesses provide technology to exchanges, clearing organizations and central securities depositories around the world. we also offer companies and other organizations access to innovative products, software solutions and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency and facilitate better corporate governance. in our transactional business, we serve listed companies, market participants and investors by providing derivative, commodities, cash equity, and fixed income markets, as well as clearing services, thereby facilitating economic growth and corporate entrepreneurship. in broad terms, our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, the regulatory environment for capital markets, changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and changes in investment patterns and priorities. our future revenues and net income will continue to be influenced by a number of domestic and international economic trends including, among others:
•   the challenges created by the automation of market data consumption, including competition and the quickly evolving nature of the data business;
•   the outlook of our technology customers for capital market activity;
•   technological advances and members' and customers' demand for speed, efficiency, and reliability;
•   trading volumes and values in equity derivative, cash equity and ficc, which are driven primarily by overall macroeconomic conditions;
•   the number of companies seeking equity financing, which is affected by factors such as investor demand, the global economy, and availability of diverse sources of financing, as well as tax and regulatory policies;
•   the demand for information about, or access to, our markets, which is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our data and trade management services;
•   the demand for licensed etps, enhanced analytics and other financial products based on our indexes as well as changes to the underlying assets associated with existing licensed financial products;
•   continuing pressure in transaction fee pricing due to intense competition in the u.s. and europe;
•   competition related to pricing, product features and service offerings; and
•   regulatory changes relating to market structure or affecting certain types of instruments, transactions, pricing structures or capital market participants.
the current consensus forecast for gross domestic product growth for the u.s. is 2.3% in 2017 and 2.5% in 2018 and the eurozone is 2.3% in 2017 and 2.1% in 2018. u.s. growth forecasts for 2018 remained relatively consistent through the first half of 2017, but have been climbing upwards since then and are currently 0.2 percentage points higher than forecasted at the start of the year. growth forecasts for the eurozone in 2018 have steadily risen since an estimate of 1.5% at the start of 2017. while growth is accelerating, there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy. consequently, sustained instability could return at any time, resulting in an increased level of market volatility, oscillating trading volumes, and a more cautious outlook by the clients of our non-trading segments. volatility was low throughout 2017; however, in early february 2018, volatility levels have increased.
following weakness in 2016 and early 2017, ipo activity has picked up somewhat over the past three quarters particularly in our nordics market. additional impacts on our business drivers include the international enactment and implementation of new legislative and regulatory initiatives, notably mifid ii in europe, the evolution of market participants' trading and investment strategies, and the continued rapid progression and deployment of new technology in the financial services industry. the business environment that influences our financial performance in 2018 may be characterized as follows:
•   intense competition among u.s. exchanges and dealer-owned systems for cash equity trading and strong competition between mtfs and exchanges in europe for cash equity trading; and
•   globalization of exchanges, customers and competitors extending the competitive horizon beyond national markets.
2018 outlook for key trends that may influence our business, see "item 1. business-2017 strategic review." our strategy consists of leveraging our market technology and information analytics expertise across our global capital markets. the focus for both our non-transactional and transactional businesses continues to include identifying organic growth and developing adjacent opportunities to our existing businesses. in addition, our strategy includes identifying acquisitions that both complement our strengths and extend our capabilities, and offer opportunities for revenue and expense synergies and increased shareholder value.
our non-transactional businesses seek to provide increased transparency and analytics to the investment community and to expand our market technology offerings that power trading, post-trade and surveillance. new competitors will arise from both startups and existing firms and some existing competitors will fade as continued rapid technological change dominates the competitive environment in 2018. we expect regulation to also evolve as governments and regulators respond to emerging technologies. the growth of a market place economy in financial services and beyond, the need for new analytic capabilities to process the data explosion, the evolution of the investment management industry, and our existing clients continued outsourcing of non-differentiating capabilities and processes create opportunities for our non-transactional businesses in 2018 and beyond.
during 2018, we expect changes in both the competitive and regulatory environments in our transactional businesses. in the u.s., in 2017, cboe completed its acquisition of bats, trading commenced on miami's second option exchange, nyse announced plans to begin trading tape b and tape c stocks on its floor and to launch a fourth equities exchange, and cboe and cme began trading bitcoin futures. we expect intense competition among u.s. equity and options marketplaces to continue and new entrants may also become part of our competitive environment. while the willingness of new entrants to commence operations can be taken as a positive sign of good health in the trading industry, as these organizations implement their strategies, they have the potential to affect the competitive environment we face.
european regulators are currently moving forward on a number of new policies affecting the operation and infrastructure of the financial markets. the implementation of emir is changing the way we structure and operate the nordic clearinghouse. mifid ii, as well as the new regulations in mifir, will change the way our trading business operates and will create both challenges in our existing businesses, as well as new opportunities for growth. industry response to the implementation of mifid ii in early 2018 is still unfolding, particularly the anticipated increase in the number of systematic internalizer trading systems operated by large financial service firms and electronic markets. consequently, 2018 is an uncertain environment for our european transactional businesses.
market services economic and political uncertainty continue to weigh on the global economy and the debate over future fiscal and monetary policy in the u.s. and europe continues. we believe that our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. if the increased levels of market volatility seen in early february 2018 persist into the balance of 2018, then many of the asset classes within our market services segment and our data products business will continue to benefit.
nfx continues to expand its offering in its energy derivative products. we enter 2018 with plans to increase the number of clients running on the nfx platform, and we continue to identify additional products to bring to market.
we expect global markets to be influenced by significant change in 2018, driven by economic factors and regulatory initiatives in the u.s. and europe as recently adopted regulations and legislation continue to be implemented. these changes could result in the continued fragmentation of u.s. equity derivative and cash equity markets, and trading could continue to migrate from exchanges to otc systems, particularly in the u.s. we anticipate that trading volumes will move to new types of broker-operated systems in europe and potentially from exchanges to broker-operated systems as the industry responds to european union regulatory changes.
information services as we look toward the future, we continue to make progress in leveraging emerging technologies to expand the ways we serve clients, with our launch of the trading and analytics product suite, analytics hub, which leverages machine intelligence in its logic to serve investors.
we also continue to make strides in expanding our index licensing and services business, in particular in our smart beta products, which make up a strong portion of our growing total assets under management. the 2017 acquisition of evestment added the strong network effects of a leading analytics provider to our product offerings.
the performance of our market data products offerings reflect overall market conditions as well as our ability to offer market participants superior performance and efficiency relative to our competitors' products. our market data products also face pressure from our customers' desire to minimize their costs and from regulatory changes in the regions where we operate.
in addition, we continue to look for opportunities to expand product sales through additional geographic expansion and new opportunities such as evestment.
corporate services overall, we made significant progress in 2017 to enhance the client experience. in 2017, we combined our two board portal platforms. in addition, we created an architectural foundation for our next generation corporate solutions products using the cloud and machine learning to offer enhanced surveillance tools.
2017 was a record year for nordic ipos, while the ipo market was more subdued in the u.s. nasdaq led u.s. exchanges for ipos for the fifth consecutive year. there was strong momentum in u.s. listing switches with the largest issuer ever to switch their exchange listing to nasdaq in 2017. growth in 2018 for our corporate services segment will depend on a continued positive economic outlook, a lower level of merger and acquisition transactions and a reasonable level of volatility.
as part of our strategic review, we identified the areas of our corporate solutions business that were of greatest importance to our customer base, that demonstrated significant growth opportunities, and where we could apply our technology to enhance customer value and drive future growth. we determined that our investor relations and board & leadership services would be our area of focus and we commenced a process to evaluate strategic alternatives for the public relations solutions and digital media services businesses within our corporate solutions business and in january 2018, we announced the sale of these businesses. see "definitive agreement to sell our public relations solutions and digital media services businesses," of note 21, "subsequent events," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
market technology during 2017, we continued to invest in the nasdaq financial framework, which is our market technology modular architecture that will provide next generation capital market capabilities, including the integration of blockchain technology across the issuance and settlement of securities, as well as cloud-enabled trading and clearing. based on customer interest and sales during 2017, we expect this next generation platform to contribute meaningfully to our order intake in 2018 and beyond.
in addition, during 2017, we enhanced our smarts product and acquired deeper surveillance and behavioral capabilities through sybenetix. our service delivery model continues to evolve as we move from deployed software to a platform-as-a-service approach as cloud capabilities and market acceptance mature.
summary we believe that our future will continue to be determined by our ability to satisfy our customer's evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas which will yield attractive returns.
consistent with our long-term strategy, we expect to leverage our technology strengths to offer new products that expand and strengthen our relationships with existing and new customers.
we believe that our continued focus on meeting our cost, revenue and technology objectives will enable us to benefit from any improving economic conditions in the future. we will continue to look for opportunities to further expand our business with enhanced product offerings and/or acquisitions that are complementary to our existing businesses.
sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses see "revenue recognition and transaction-based expenses," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our sources of revenues and transaction-based expenses.
market services equity derivative trading and clearing u.s. equity options total industry average daily volume (in millions)                                               14.7                  14.4                  14.8
cash equity trading total u.s.-listed securities total industry average daily share volume (in billions)                                         6.53                  7.35                  6.91
market share reported to the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility                              34.5    %             33.1    %             31.8    %
nasdaq nordic and nasdaq baltic securities average daily number of equity trades executed on nasdaq's exchanges                         552,104               472,428               438,864
commodities power contracts cleared (twh)(4)                                                               1,199                 1,658                 1,496
corporate services initial public offerings the nasdaq stock market                                                                          136                    91                   143
(3)   includes transactions executed on the nasdaq stock market's, nasdaq bx's and nasdaq psx's systems plus trades reported through the finra/nasdaq trade reporting facility.
(4)   transactions executed on nasdaq commodities or otc and reported for clearing to nasdaq commodities measured by terawatt hours (twh).
(5)   new listings include ipos, including those completed on a best efforts basis, issuers that switched from other listing venues, closed-end funds and separately listed etps.
financial summary the following table summarizes our financial performance for the year ended december 31, 2017 when compared with the same period in 2016 and for the year ended december 31, 2016 when compared with the same period in 2015. the comparability of our results of operations between reported periods is impacted by the acquisitions of: evestment in october 2017, nasdaq canada and marketwired in february 2016, boardvantage in may 2016, ise in june 2016 and dwa in january 2015. see note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the above acquisitions. for a detailed discussion of our results of operations, see "segment operating results" below.
in countries with currencies other than the u.s. dollar, revenues and expenses are translated using monthly average exchange rates. impacts on our revenues less transaction-based expenses and operating income associated with fluctuations in foreign currency are discussed in more detail under "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues(1)                                       $752                $541                $432               39.0        %           25.2        %
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses           259                 228                 188               13.6        %           21.3        %
cash equity trading revenues(2)                                                         1,279               1,349               1,315               (5.2       )%            2.6        %
cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses                              253                 255                 253               (0.8       )%            0.8        %
(1)   includes section 31 fees of $40 million in 2017, $24 million in 2016 and $19 million in 2015. section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
(2)   includes section 31 fees of $319 million in 2017, $290 million in 2016 and $282 million in 2015. section 31 fees are recorded as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded in transaction-based expenses.
equity derivative trading and clearing revenues equity derivative trading and clearing revenues and equity derivative trading and clearing revenues less transaction-based expenses increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015.
the increases in 2017 were primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of revenues from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016, higher u.s. industry trading volumes and an increase in our overall u.s. matched market share. further impacting the increase in equity derivative trading revenues was higher section 31 pass-through fee revenue.
•   the inclusion of revenues from our acquisition of ise, partially offset by;
section 31 fees are recorded as equity derivative trading and clearing revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. in the u.s., we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. pass-through fees can increase or decrease due to rate changes by the sec, our percentage of the overall industry volumes processed on our systems, and differences in actual dollar value of shares traded. since the amount recorded in revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. the increase in 2017 compared with 2016 is primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of section 31 fees from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016. the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 is primarily due to the inclusion of six months of section 31 fees from our acquisition of ise.
transaction rebates, in which we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant, increased in both
2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared to 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of rebates associated with our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016, increases in rebate capture, higher u.s. industry trading volumes, and an increase in our overall u.s. matched market share. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to the inclusion of six months of rebates associated with our acquisition of ise, partially offset by lower u.s. industry trading volumes and lower market share at nasdaq phlx.
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in both 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to higher section 31 pass-through fees associated with our acquisition of ise, as discussed above.
cash equity trading revenues cash equity trading revenues and cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses decreased in 2017 compared with 2016 and increased in 2016 compared with 2015.
the decrease in cash equity trading revenues in 2017 was also partially offset by an increase in section 31 pass-through fee revenue.
•   the inclusion of revenues associated with our acquisition of nasdaq canada; and
the increase in cash equity trading revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2016 was also unfavorably impacted by a decrease in the u.s. average net capture rate.
similar to equity derivative trading and clearing, in the u.s. we record section 31 fees as cash equity trading revenues with a corresponding amount recorded as transaction-based expenses. we are assessed these fees from the sec and pass them through to our customers in the form of incremental fees. since the amount recorded as revenues is equal to the amount recorded as transaction-based expenses, there is no impact on our revenues less transaction-based expenses. the increases in section 31 fees in 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015 were primarily due to higher dollar value traded on nasdaq's exchanges and higher sec fee rates.
transaction rebates decreased in 2017 compared with 2016 and increased in 2016 compared with 2015. for the nasdaq stock market, nasdaq psx and nasdaq canada, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that provides the liquidity, and for nasdaq bx, we credit a portion of the per share execution charge to the market participant that takes the liquidity.
•   the inclusion of rebates associated with our acquisition of nasdaq canada, partially offset by a;
brokerage, clearance and exchange fees increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 when compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher section 31 pass-through fees, as discussed above, partially offset by a decline in routing fees. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in section 31 pass-through fees.
ficc revenues ficc revenues decreased in 2017 compared with the same period in 2016 primarily due to volume declines in european commodities products and u.s. fixed income products, partially offset by higher volumes and pricing changes at nfx. ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses were flat in 2017 compared with 2016 as declines in european commodities products and u.s. fixed income products were offset by higher volumes and pricing changes at nfx.
ficc revenues increased slightly in 2016 compared with 2015 and ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses decreased in 2016 compared with 2015. the decrease in ficc revenues less transaction-based expenses in 2016 was primarily due to the impact of nfx trading incentives and a decline in u.s. fixed income revenues, partially offset by higher commodities revenues.
trade management services revenues trade management services revenues increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to an increase in customer demand for third party connectivity, co-location, and test facilities and the inclusion of a full year of revenues from our acquisition of ise compared with six months in 2016. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in customer demand for network connectivity and the inclusion of six months of revenues from our acquisition of ise.
corporate solutions revenues corporate solutions revenues increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily due to the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisitions of boardvantage and marketwired. see "acquisition of boardvantage," and "acquisition of marketwired," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the boardvantage and marketwired acquisitions.
listing services revenues listing services revenues decreased in 2017 compared with 2016 and increased in 2016 compared with 2015. the decrease in 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in u.s. listing of additional share fees as a result of our all-inclusive annual listing fee program, partially offset by an increase in european listing services revenues due to new company listings. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in european revenues due to new company listings.
data products revenues data products revenues increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to growth in proprietary data products revenues and the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisition of evestment. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to growth in proprietary data products revenues, the inclusion of revenues associated with the acquisitions of ise and nasdaq canada, and higher index data products revenues.
index licensing and services revenues index licensing and services revenues increased in 2017 compared with 2016 and was flat in 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher assets under management in etps linked to nasdaq indexes. index licensing and services revenues were flat in 2016 as an increase in revenues associated with the acquisition of ise was offset by a decrease in average fees on etps tracking to nasdaq indexes and a decrease in the value of underlying assets associated with non-etp nasdaq-licensed products.
market technology revenues market technology revenues increased in both 2017 compared with 2016 and 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher change request revenues and an increase in revenues from software as a service. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to an increase in revenues from software, licensing and support as well as surveillance products.
total order value total order value, which represents the total contract value of orders signed that are yet to be recognized as revenues, was $847 million as of december 31, 2017 and $777 million as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2017, market technology deferred revenue of $173 million represents consideration received that is yet to be recognized as revenue for these signed orders. see note 9, "deferred revenue," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the recognition and timing of these revenues depend on many factors, including those that are not within our control. as such, the following table of market technology revenues to be recognized in the future represents our best estimate:
on january 1, 2018, we adopted asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." as a result, a portion of revenues that were previously deferred were recognized either in prior period revenues, through restatement, or as an adjustment to retained earnings upon adoption of the new standard. see "recent accounting pronouncements," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," for further discussion and the impact to the deferred revenue balance.
compensation and benefits                              $675                  $664                  $590                1.7   %                12.5        %
merger and strategic initiatives                         44                    76                    10              (42.1   )%              660.0        %
the increase in compensation and benefits expense in 2017 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs resulting from our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and an unfavorable impact from foreign exchange of $2 million, partially offset by lower compensation expense reflecting lower performance incentives. also impacting the change in compensation expense in 2017 was accelerated expense recorded in 2016 due to the retirement of the company's former ceo for equity awards previously granted. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to overall higher compensation costs resulting from our 2016 acquisitions and accelerated expense due to the retirement of the company's former ceo discussed above. partially offsetting the 2016 increases was lower compensation expense reflecting lower performance incentives and a favorable impact from foreign exchange of $3 million.
headcount increased to 4,734 employees as of december 31, 2017 from 4,325 as of december 31, 2016 primarily due to our acquisition of evestment.
the increase in professional and contract services expense in 2017 was primarily associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and the increase in 2016 was primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions.
the increase in computer operations and data communications expense in 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to higher hardware and license costs. the increase in 2017 was associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and the increase in 2016 was primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions.
the increase in occupancy expense in 2017 and 2016 primarily reflects additional facility and rent costs. the increase in 2017 was associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and the increase in 2016 was associated with our 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2016 is partially offset by lower facility and rent costs as a result of our restructuring activities.
the increase in general, administrative and other expense in 2017 was primarily due to a pre-tax charge of $10 million which primarily included a make-whole redemption price premium paid on the early extinguishment of our $370 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior unsecured notes, or the 2018 notes, and lower regulatory fine collections. the increase in 2016 is primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to additional amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets. the increase in 2017 was associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and the increase in 2016 was primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2016 was also due to additional amortization expense associated with software assets placed in service.
the decrease in regulatory expense in 2017 was primarily due to costs incurred in 2016 related to the investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse, which are discussed below, partially offset by a rate increase for regulatory services and trade surveillance. the
increase in 2016 was due to investigations of cybersecurity processes at our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse. in december 2016, we were issued a $6 million fine by the sfsa as a result of findings in connection with its investigation. the sfsa's conclusions related to governance issues rather than systems and platform security. we have appealed the sfsa's decision, including the amount of the fine. the court has not yet reached a decision on our appeal.
merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2017 was primarily related to our acquisitions of evestment and ise as well as costs associated with our review of strategic alternatives for our public relations solutions and digital media services businesses within our corporate solutions business. merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2016 was primarily related to our acquisitions of ise, boardvantage, and marketwired. merger and strategic initiatives expense for 2015 was primarily related to certain strategic initiatives and our acquisition of dwa.
interest expense increased in 2017 and 2016 primarily due to debt issuances related to our acquisitions, partially offset by refinancing to lower cost debt. the increase in 2017 was primarily associated with our 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and the increase in 2016 was primarily associated with our 2016 acquisitions.
asset impairment charge the asset impairment charge in 2016 relates to a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset impairment charge related to the full write-off of the espeed trade name due to a continued decline in the operating performance of the espeed business during 2016 and a rebranding of our fixed income business under a single brand called nasdaq fixed income.
net income from unconsolidated investees net income from unconsolidated investees in 2017 and 2015 primarily relates to income recognized from our equity method investment in occ. net income from unconsolidated investees in 2016 includes income recognized from our equity method investments in occ and euroccp n.v. , partially offset by the write-off of an equity method investment. see "equity method investments," of note 7, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
tax matters the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted on december 22, 2017 and is effective january 1, 2018. the new legislation contains several key provisions, including a reduction of the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. we are required to remeasure all our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities as of december 22, 2017 and record the impact of such remeasurement in our 2017 financial statements. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a decrease to tax expense of $87 million, substantially all of which reflects the estimated impact associated with the remeasurement of our net u.s. deferred tax liability at the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate. the tax cuts and jobs act also imposes a transition tax on unremitted aggregate accumulated earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries, which did not impact us.
the lower effective tax rate in 2017 when compared to 2016 is primarily due to a decrease to tax expense associated with the remeasurement of our net u.s. deferred tax liability as a result of enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2017 is also due to the recognition of excess tax benefits associated with the vesting of employee share-based compensation arrangements. the lower effective tax rate in 2016 when compared to 2015 is primarily due to a shift in the geographic mix of earnings, largely driven by the write-off of the espeed trade name, partially offset by an unfavorable ruling from the finnish supreme administrative court.
the effective tax rate may also vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses. these same and other factors, including history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to disclosing results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, we also have provided non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. management uses this non-gaap information internally, along with u.s. gaap information, in evaluating our performance and in making financial and operational decisions. we believe our presentation of these measures provides investors with greater transparency and supplemental data relating to our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for period-to-period comparisons of results as the items described below do not reflect ongoing operating performance.
these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, u.s. gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. investors should not rely on any single financial measure when evaluating our business. we recommend investors review the u.s. gaap financial measures included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. when viewed in conjunction with our u.s. gaap results and the accompanying reconciliation, we believe these non-gaap measures provide greater transparency and a more complete understanding of factors affecting our business than u.s. gaap measures alone.
we understand that analysts and investors regularly rely on non-gaap financial measures, such as non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, to assess operating performance. we use non-gaap net income attributable to nasdaq and non-gaap diluted earnings per share because they highlight trends more clearly in our business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on u.s. gaap financial measures, since these measures eliminate from our results specific financial items that have less bearing on our ongoing operating performance. non-gaap net
income attributable to nasdaq for the periods presented below is calculated by adjusting for the following items:
amortization expense of acquired intangible assets: we amortize intangible assets acquired in connection with various acquisitions. intangible asset amortization expense can vary from period to period due to episodic acquisitions completed, rather than from our ongoing business operations. as such, if intangible asset amortization is included in performance measures, it is more difficult to assess the day-to-day operating performance of the businesses, the relative operating performance of the businesses between periods, and the earnings power of nasdaq. performance measures excluding intangible asset amortization therefore provide investors with a more useful representation of our businesses' ongoing activity in each period.
merger and strategic initiatives expense: we have pursued various strategic initiatives and completed a number of acquisitions in recent years which have resulted in expenses which would not have otherwise been incurred. these expenses generally include integration costs, as well as legal, due diligence and other third party transaction costs. the frequency and the amount of such expenses vary significantly based on the size, timing and complexity of the transaction. accordingly, we exclude these costs for purposes of calculating non-gaap measures which provide a more meaningful analysis of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparison in nasdaq's performance between periods.
restructuring charges: restructuring charges are associated with our 2015 restructuring plan to improve performance, cut costs and reduce spending and were primarily related to (i) severance and other termination benefits, (ii) asset impairment charges, and (iii) other charges. we exclude these restructuring costs because these costs do not reflect future operating expenses and do not contribute to a meaningful evaluation of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparison of nasdaq's performance between periods.
asset impairment charge: intangible assets that have indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment at least annually, or when indicators of impairment are present. in december 2016, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset impairment charge of $578 million related to the full write-off of the espeed trade name. the impairment charge was the result of a decline in operating performance and the rebranding of our fixed income business. we exclude asset impairment charges because they do not reflect future operating expenses and do not contribute to a meaningful evaluation of nasdaq's ongoing operating performance or comparison of nasdaq's performance between periods.
other significant items: we have excluded certain other charges or gains, including certain tax items, that are the result of other non-comparable events to measure operating performance. we believe the exclusion of such amounts allows management and investors to better understand the ongoing financial results of nasdaq. for 2017, other significant items primarily include a make-whole redemption price premium paid on the early extinguishment of our 2018 notes, a sublease loss reserve charge recorded on space we currently occupy due to excess capacity, and wind down costs associated with an equity method investment that was previously written off. for 2016, other significant items primarily include accelerated expense for equity awards previously granted due to the retirement of the company's former ceo, a regulatory fine received by our nordic exchanges and clearinghouse, the release of a sublease loss reserve due to the early exit of a facility, and the impact of the write-off of an equity method investment, partially offset by a gain resulting from the sale of a percentage of a separate equity method investment. for 2015, other significant items include income from our equity investment in occ where we were not able to determine what our share of occ's income was for the year ended december 31, 2014 until the first quarter of 2015, when financial statements were made available to us. as a result, we recorded other income in the first quarter of 2015 relating to our share of occ's income for the year ended december 31, 2014. for 2015, other significant adjustments also included the reversal of a vat refund.
significant tax items: the adjustment to the income tax provision includes the tax impact of each non-gaap adjustment in addition to the following items:
•   the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits of $12 million associated with positions taken in prior years for the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   the impact of newly enacted u.s. tax legislation is related to the tax cuts and jobs act which was enacted on december 22, 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a decrease to tax expense of $87 million, which reflects the estimated impact associated with the enactment of this act. the decrease in tax expense primarily relates to the remeasurement of our net u.s. deferred tax liability at the lower u.s. federal corporate income tax rate. the estimate may be refined in the future as new information becomes available.
•   excess tax benefits related to employee share-based compensation of $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 was recorded as a result of the adoption of new accounting guidance on january 1, 2017. this guidance requires all income tax effects of share-based awards to be recognized as income tax expense or benefit in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled on a prospective basis, as opposed to stockholders' equity where it was previously recorded, and will be a recurring item going forward. this item is subject to volatility and will vary based on the timing of the vesting of employee share-based compensation arrangements and fluctuation in our stock price.
merger and strategic initiatives                                                                         44                                0.26                            76                                0.45                            10                                0.06
income from occ equity investment                                                                         -                                   -                             -                                   -                   (13           )             (0.08                 )
adjustment to the income tax provision to reflect non-gaap adjustments and other tax items              (70      )                        (0.41          )               (287      )                        (1.70          )        (90           )             (0.52                 )
excess tax benefits related to employee share-based compensation                                        (40      )                        (0.24          )                  -                                   -                   -                           -
liquidity and capital resources historically, we have funded our operating activities and met our commitments through cash generated by operations, augmented by the periodic issuance of our common stock and debt. see note 10, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. currently, our cost and availability of funding remain healthy.
as part of the purchase price consideration of a prior acquisition, nasdaq has contingent future obligations to issue 992,247 shares of nasdaq common stock annually which approximated certain tax benefits associated with the transaction of $484 million. such contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock will be paid ratably through 2027 if nasdaq's total gross revenues equal or exceed $25 million in each such year. the contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock are subject to anti-dilution protections and acceleration upon certain events.
in april 2017, we entered into the 2017 credit facility which replaced our existing 2014 credit facility. we also entered into a commercial paper program which enables us to borrow efficiently at reasonable short-term interest rates and is supported by our 2017 credit facility. see "commercial paper program," "2017 credit facility," and "2014 credit facility," of note 10, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2017, the balance of $110 million outstanding on the 2017 credit facility reflects the outstanding
amount, less unamortized debt issuance costs of $5 million. of the $885 million that is available for borrowing, $480 million provides liquidity support for the principal amount outstanding under the commercial paper program as of december 31, 2017 and $1 million has been utilized for a letter of credit. as of december 31, 2017, the total remaining amount available under the 2017 credit facility was $404 million.
in may 2017, we used a combination of cash on hand and net proceeds from the sale of commercial paper to redeem all of our 2018 notes. in addition, in june 2017, we used net proceeds from the sale of commercial paper to repay $300 million of the amount outstanding on the 2016 credit facility. as of december 31, 2017, the outstanding balance of $100 million on the 2016 credit facility reflects the aggregate principal amount, less the unamortized debt issuance costs. see "early extinguishment of 2018 notes," and "2016 credit facility," of note 10, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in september 2017, we announced an agreement to acquire evestment and issued the 2019 notes. since the proposed acquisition of evestment was not immediately expected to close, $276 million of the net proceeds from the 2019 notes was used to partially pay down our outstanding commercial paper balance and the remainder of the net proceeds was held in cash and used in october 2017 to partially fund our acquisition of evestment. see "acquisition of evestment," of note 4, "acquisitions," for further discussion.
in may 2016, nasdaq issued the 2023 notes and in june 2016, nasdaq issued the 2026 notes. we used the majority of the net proceeds from the 2023 notes of $664 million and the 2026 notes of $495 million to fund the acquisition of ise and related expenses. see "3.85% senior unsecured notes," and "1.75% senior unsecured notes," of note 10, "debt obligations," and "acquisition of ise," of note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
in the near term, we expect that our operations and the availability under our revolving credit commitment and commercial paper program will provide sufficient cash to fund our operating expenses, capital expenditures, debt repayments, any share repurchases, and any dividends.
various assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and commercial paper can fluctuate from month to month. working capital (calculated as current assets less current liabilities) was $267 million as of december 31, 2017, compared with $478 million as of december 31, 2016, a decrease of $211 million. current asset balance changes increased working capital by $969 million, with increases in default funds and margin deposits, assets held for sale, other current assets and restricted cash, partially offset by decreases in cash and cash equivalents, financial investments, at fair value, and receivables, net. current liability balance changes decreased working capital by $1,180 million, due to increases in default funds and margin deposits, short-term debt, liabilities held for sale, deferred revenue, section 31 fees payable to the sec, and accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by decreases in other current liabilities and accrued personnel costs. principal factors that could affect the availability of our internally-generated funds include:
•   changes in regulatory and working capital requirements; and
principal factors that could affect our ability to obtain cash from external sources include:
•   operating covenants contained in our credit facilities that limit our total borrowing capacity;
•   increases in interest rates under our credit facilities;
•   credit rating downgrades, which could limit our access to additional debt;
•   volatility or disruption in the public debt and equity markets.
the following sections discuss the effects of changes in our financial assets, debt obligations, clearing and broker-dealer net capital requirements, and cash flows on our liquidity and capital resources.
cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash cash and cash equivalents includes all non-restricted cash in banks and highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. the balance retained in cash and cash equivalents is a function of anticipated or possible short-term cash needs, prevailing interest rates, our investment policy, and alternative investment choices. as of december 31, 2017, our cash and cash equivalents of $377 million were primarily invested in bank deposits, money market funds and commercial paper. in the long-term, we may use both internally generated funds and external sources to satisfy our debt obligations and other long-term liabilities. cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2017 decreased $26 million from december 31, 2016, primarily due to:
•   cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired;
•   net cash provided by operating activities;
•   proceeds received from utilization of credit commitment, net of debt issuance costs.
as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, restricted cash is restricted from withdrawal due to a contractual or regulatory requirement or is not available for general use. restricted cash was $22 million as of december 31, 2017 and $15 million as of december 31, 2016, an increase of $7 million. the increase relates to an increase in regulatory capital required. restricted cash is classified as restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets.
unremitted earnings of subsidiaries outside of the u.s. are used to finance our international operations and are generally considered to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not our current intent to change this position. however, the majority of cash held outside the u.s. is available for repatriation, but under current law in certain jurisdictions, could subject us to additional income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits.
share repurchase program see "share repurchase program," of note 14, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program.
see "cash dividends on common stock," of note 14, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the dividends.
financial investments, at fair value our financial investments, at fair value totaled $235 million as of december 31, 2017 and $245 million as of december 31, 2016 and are primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities. of these securities, $160 million as of december 31, 2017 and $172 million as of december 31, 2016 are assets utilized to meet regulatory capital requirements, primarily for our clearing operations at nasdaq clearing. see note 7, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our trading investment securities.
debt obligations the following table summarizes our debt obligations by contractual maturity:
maturity date                                  december 31, 2017           december 31, 2016
short-term debt - commercial paper   weighted-average maturity of 22 days                $480                          $-
$400 million senior unsecured term loan facility   november 2019                                        100                         399
$1 billion revolving credit commitment   april 2022                                           110                           -
in addition to the $1 billion revolving credit commitment and $400 million term loan facility, we also have other credit facilities related to our nasdaq clearing operations in order to provide further liquidity. other credit facilities, which are available in multiple currencies, totaled $187 million as of december 31, 2017 and $170 million as of december 31, 2016, in available liquidity, none of which was utilized.
as of december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with the covenants of all of our debt obligations.
clearing and broker-dealer net capital requirements clearing operations regulatory capital requirements we are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of nasdaq clearing. the level of regulatory capital required to be maintained is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. as of december 31, 2017, our required regulatory capital of $160 million is primarily comprised of highly rated european government debt securities that are included in financial investments, at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets.
broker-dealer net capital requirements our broker-dealer subsidiaries, nasdaq execution services, execution access, npm securities, smtx, and nasdaq capital markets advisory are subject to regulatory requirements intended to ensure their general financial soundness and liquidity. these requirements obligate these subsidiaries to comply with minimum net capital requirements. the following table summarizes the net capital requirements for our broker-dealer subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017:
broker-dealer subsidiaries                total net capital            required minimum net capital           excess capital
npm securities                                  0.2                                   -                           0.2
nasdaq capital markets advisory                 0.5                                 0.3                           0.2
other capital requirements nasdaq execution services nasdaq execution services also is required to maintain a $2 million minimum level of net capital under our clearing arrangement with occ.
nasdaq canada as a member of the investment industry regulatory organization of canada, nasdaq canada must comply with its dealer member rules which are intended to ensure general financial soundness and liquidity. under these rules, nasdaq canada is required to comply with minimum net capital requirements. as of december 31, 2017, nasdaq canada was required to maintain minimum net capital of $0.2 million and
had total net capital of approximately $7.8 million, or $7.6 million in excess of the minimum amount required.
operating activities                                                                      $909                  $776                $727               17.1   %                 6.7        %
investing activities                                                                      (890    )           (1,657    )           (435    )         (46.3   )%              280.9        %
financing activities                                                                       (53    )              948                (400    )        (105.6   )%             (337.0       )%
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $133 million in 2017 compared with 2016 and increased $49 million in 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in 2017 was primarily due to higher net income, mainly due to the inclusion of a full year of cash flows from our 2016 acquisitions, partially offset by higher compensation payments driven by our 2016 acquisitions. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to additional cash flows from our 2016 acquisitions, partially offset by an increase in cash payments related to merger and strategic initiatives expense associated with our 2016 acquisitions.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities decreased $767 million in 2017 compared with 2016 and increased $1,222 million in 2016 compared with 2015. the decrease in 2017 was primarily due to cash paid for our 2016 acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired of $1,460 million partially offset by cash paid for our 2017 acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired of $776 million.
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily consisted of repayment of long-term debt of $708 million, $243 million related to cash dividends paid on our common stock, and $203 million related to the repurchase of our common stock, partially offset by net proceeds of $498 million from the issuance of the 2019 notes and commercial paper, net of $480 million, and proceeds received from the utilization of our credit commitment of $150 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily consisted of net proceeds of $2,456 million, of which $1,159 million related to the issuances of our 2023 notes and 2026 notes to fund our acquisition of ise, $399 million related to net proceeds from our 2016 credit facility and $898 million related to proceeds from utilization of the revolving credit commitment under our 2014 credit facility to partially fund our acquisitions of boardvantage, marketwired and nasdaq canada, and other general corporate purposes. these proceeds were partially offset by the repayment of $1,156 million on the revolving credit commitment under our 2014 credit facility. we also used $200 million of cash to pay cash dividends on our common stock and $100 million of cash to repurchase our common stock.
see note 4, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our acquisitions.
see "share repurchase program," and "cash dividends on common stock," of note 14, "nasdaq stockholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase program and cash dividends paid on our common stock.
contractual obligations and contingent commitments nasdaq has contractual obligations to make future payments under debt obligations by contract maturity, minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net and other obligations. the following table shows these contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017:
debt obligations by contract maturity(1)                                          $4,844                    $612                  $1,324                $1,076             $1,832
minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable operating leases, net(2)             439       87                          140                   102                   110
(1)   our debt obligations include both principal and interest obligations. as of december 31, 2017, an interest rate of 3.09% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2017 credit facility, 3.25% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2016 credit facility, and 2.15% was used to compute the amount of the contractual obligations for interest on the 2019 notes. all other debt obligations were primarily calculated on a 360-day basis at the contractual fixed rate multiplied by the aggregate principal amount as of december 31, 2017. see note 10, "debt obligations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(2)   we lease some of our office space under non-cancelable operating leases with third parties and sublease office space to third parties. some of our leases contain renewal options and escalation clauses based on increases in property taxes and building operating costs.
(3)   other obligations primarily consist of potential future escrow agreement payments related to prior acquisitions.
non-cash contingent consideration as part of the purchase price consideration of a prior acquisition, we have agreed to future annual issuances of 992,247 shares of nasdaq common stock which approximated certain tax benefits associated with the transaction. such contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock will be paid ratably through 2027 if nasdaq's total gross revenues equal or exceed $25 million in each such year. the contingent future issuances of nasdaq common stock are subject to anti-dilution protections and acceleration upon certain events.
•   note 17, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our non-cash default fund contributions and margin deposits received for clearing operations; and
•   note 19, "commitments, contingencies and guarantees," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of:
•   guarantees issued and credit facilities available;
•   lease commitments;
•   routing brokerage activities;
•   tax audits.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk represents the potential for losses that may result from changes in the market value of a financial instrument due to changes in market conditions. as a result of our operating, investing and financing activities, we are exposed to market risks such as interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange rate risk. we are also exposed to credit risk as a result of our normal business activities.
we have implemented policies and procedures to measure, manage, monitor and report risk exposures, which are reviewed regularly by management and the board of directors. we identify risk exposures and monitor and manage such risks on a daily basis.
we perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures. we may use derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related to our financial positions or risks that are incurred during the normal course of business. we do not use derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
financial investments as of december 31, 2017, our investment portfolio was primarily comprised of trading securities, mainly highly rated european government debt securities, which pay a fixed rate of interest. these securities are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market interest rates increase. if market interest rates were to increase immediately and uniformly by 100 basis points from levels as of december 31, 2017, the fair value of this portfolio would have declined by $5 million.
debt obligations as of december 31, 2017, substantially all of our debt obligations are fixed-rate obligations. while changes in interest rates will have no impact on the interest we pay on fixed-rate obligations, we are exposed to changes in interest rates as a result of the issuance of our 2019 notes, borrowings under our 2017 credit facility and 2016 credit facility, and amounts outstanding from the sale of commercial paper under our commercial paper program, all of which have variable interest rates. as of december 31, 2017, we had principal amounts outstanding of $500 million on the 2019 notes, $115 million under the 2017 credit facility, $100 million under the 2016 credit facility and $480 million of commercial paper. a hypothetical 100 basis points increase in interest rates on our outstanding 2019 notes, the 2017 credit facility, the 2016 credit facility and our outstanding commercial paper would increase interest expense by approximately $12 million based on borrowings as of december 31, 2017.
our investments in foreign subsidiaries are exposed to volatility in currency exchange rates through translation of the foreign subsidiaries' net assets or equity to u.s. dollars. substantially all of our foreign subsidiaries operate in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar. fluctuations in currency exchange rates may create volatility in our results of operations as we are required to translate the balance sheets and operational results of these foreign currency denominated subsidiaries into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting. the translation of foreign subsidiaries' non-u.s. dollar balance sheets into u.s. dollars for consolidated reporting results in a cumulative translation adjustment which is recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity in the consolidated balance sheets.
british pound                 202                                         (20                )
credit risk credit risk is the potential loss due to the default or deterioration in credit quality of customers or counterparties. we are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties and clearing agents. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. we limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. the financial investment portfolio objective is to invest in securities to preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. credit risk associated with investments is minimized substantially by ensuring that these financial assets are placed with governments which have investment grade ratings, well-capitalized financial institutions and other creditworthy counterparties.
our subsidiary, nasdaq execution services, may be exposed to credit risk, due to the default of trading counterparties, in connection with the routing services it provides for our trading customers. system trades in cash equities routed to other market centers for members of our cash equity exchanges are routed by nasdaq execution services for clearing to the nscc. in this function, nasdaq execution services is to be neutral by the end of the trading day, but may be exposed to intraday risk if a trade extends beyond the trading day and into the next day, thereby leaving nasdaq execution services susceptible to counterparty risk in the period between accepting the trade and routing it to the clearinghouse. in this interim period, nasdaq execution services is not novating like a clearing broker but instead is subject to the short-term risk of counterparty failure before the clearinghouse enters the transaction. once the clearinghouse officially accepts the trade for novation, nasdaq execution services is legally removed from trade execution risk. however, nasdaq has membership obligations to nscc independent of nasdaq execution services' arrangements.
pursuant to the rules of the nscc and nasdaq execution services' clearing agreement, nasdaq execution services is liable for any losses incurred due to a counterparty or a clearing agent's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations, either by making payment or delivering securities. adverse movements in the prices of securities that are subject to these transactions can increase our credit risk. however, we believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as nasdaq execution services' customers are not permitted to trade on margin and nscc rules limit counterparty risk on self-cleared transactions by establishing credit limits and capital deposit requirements for all brokers that clear with nscc. historically, nasdaq execution services has never incurred a liability due to a customer's failure to satisfy its contractual obligations as counterparty to a system trade. credit difficulties or insolvency, or the perceived possibility of credit difficulties or insolvency, of one or more larger or visible market participants could also result in market-wide credit difficulties or other market disruptions.
execution access is an introducing broker which operates the trading platform for our nasdaq fixed income business to trade in u.s. treasury securities. execution access has a clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald. as of december 31, 2017, we have contributed $19 million of clearing deposits to cantor fitzgerald in connection with this clearing arrangement. these deposits are recorded in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. this clearing agreement will end on july 31, 2018, and will be replaced by a clearing agreement with icbc. some of the trading activity in execution access is cleared by cantor fitzgerald (and similarly will be by icbc after july 31, 2018) through the fixed income clearing corporation. execution access assumes the counterparty risk of clients that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation. counterparty risk of clients exists for execution access between the trade date and settlement date of the individual transactions, which is at least one business day (or more, if specified by the u.s. treasury issuance calendar). all of execution access' obligations under the clearing arrangement with cantor fitzgerald are guaranteed by nasdaq. counterparties that do not clear through the fixed income clearing corporation are subject to a credit due diligence process and may be required to post collateral, provide principal letters, or provide other forms of credit enhancement to execution access for the purpose of mitigating counterparty risk.
we are exposed to credit risk through our clearing operations with nasdaq clearing. see note 17, "clearing operations," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
we also have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis, in arrears. our potential exposure to credit losses on these transactions is represented by the receivable balances in our consolidated balance sheets. on an ongoing basis, we review and evaluate changes in the status of our counterparties' creditworthiness. credit losses such as those described above could adversely affect our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements, and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies.
revenue recognition corporate services revenues listing services revenues listing services revenues primarily include annual renewal fees, initial listing fees, and listing of additional shares fees. annual renewal fees do not require any judgments or assumptions by management as these amounts are recognized ratably over the following 12-month period. however, listing of additional shares fees and initial listing fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over estimated service periods, which are four and six years, respectively, based on our historical listing experience and projected future listing duration. unamortized balances are recorded as deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets.
revenue recognition for our listing services business was impacted due to the adoption of asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." see "recent accounting pronouncements," of note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
goodwill and related impairment goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net assets, including identifiable intangible assets, of a business acquired. goodwill is allocated to our reporting units based on the assignment of the fair values of each reporting unit of the acquired company. we test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually, or in interim periods if certain events occur indicating that the carrying amount may be impaired, such as changes in the business climate, poor indicators of operating performance or the sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. for purposes of performing our goodwill impairment test, our five reporting units are the market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate services segment: corporate solutions and listing services, the information services segment, and the market technology segment. we test for impairment during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using an october 1 measurement date. when testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as the basis to determine if it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. in performing a qualitative assessment, we consider the extent to which unfavorable events or circumstances identified, such as changes in economic conditions, industry and market conditions or company specific events, could affect the comparison of the reporting unit's fair value with its carrying amount. if we choose not to complete a qualitative assessment for a given reporting unit, or if the initial assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, a quantitative test is required.
when assessing goodwill for impairment, our decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment for a reporting unit in a given year is influenced by a number of factors, including but not limited to, the size of the reporting unit's goodwill, the significance of the excess of the reporting unit's estimated fair value over its carrying amount at the last quantitative assessment date, and the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test consists of two steps performed at the reporting unit level.
•   the first step compares the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its corresponding carrying amount, including goodwill. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated using a combination of discounted cash flow valuation, which incorporates assumptions regarding future growth rates, terminal values, and discount rates, as well as guideline public company valuations, incorporating relevant trading multiples of comparable companies and other factors. the estimates and assumptions used consider historical performance and are consistent with the assumptions used in determining future profit plans for each reporting unit, which are approved by our board of directors. if the reporting unit's estimated fair value exceeds its estimated carrying amount, goodwill is not impaired.
•   if the first step results in the carrying amount exceeding the fair value of the reporting unit, then a second step must be completed in order to determine the amount of goodwill impairment that should be recorded, if any. in the second step, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation. the implied fair value of the goodwill that results from the application of this second step is then compared to the carrying amount of the goodwill and an impairment charge is recorded for any difference.
in 2017, we performed a quantitative test for our annual impairment test for goodwill as several years had elapsed since the date of certain of our quantitative valuations. the last quantitative tests were in 2013 for the listing services, information services and market technology reporting units and in 2015 for the market services reporting unit. we also performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test on the remaining businesses in our corporate solutions reporting unit since our public relations solutions and digital media services businesses have been classified as held for sale. see note 5, "assets and liabilities held for sale," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
we performed step one of the quantitative goodwill impairment test for all reporting units and determined that fair value substantially exceeded carrying value for each of our reporting units. as a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded in 2017. no goodwill impairment was recorded in 2016 and 2015.
although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, the determination of certain valuation inputs is subject to management's judgment. changes in these inputs could materially affect the results of our impairment review. if our forecasts of cash flows or other key inputs are negatively revised in the future, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit would be adversely impacted, potentially leading to an impairment in the future that could materially affect our operating results.
indefinite-lived intangible assets and related impairment intangible assets deemed to have indefinite useful lives, primarily exchange and clearing registrations, are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment at least annually and more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than its carrying amount. similar to goodwill impairment testing, we test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year using an october 1 measurement date and may first perform a qualitative assessment, considering similar factors as discussed above in the goodwill impairment discussion, to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we elect to perform or are required to perform a quantitative assessment, the test consists of a comparison of the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount as of the impairment testing date. if the carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference. the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets is primarily determined on the basis of estimated discounted value, using the greenfield approach for exchange and clearing registrations and licenses and the relief from royalty approach or excess earnings approach for trade names, both of which incorporate assumptions regarding future revenue projections and discount rates. during our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test during the fourth quarter of 2017, we performed a quantitative test as several years had elapsed since the date of our previous quantitative valuations.
there were no indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charges in 2017. subsequent to our annual indefinite-lived impairment test, no indications of impairment were identified.
as discussed in "intangible asset impairment charges," of note 6, "goodwill and acquired intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements, we recorded the following pre-tax, non-cash indefinite-lived asset impairment charges during 2016 and 2015:
•   december 2016: $578 million to write off the full value of the espeed trade name; and
•   march 2015: $119 million to write off the full value of the omx trade name. in connection with our global rebranding initiative, we decided to change our company name from the nasdaq omx group, inc. to nasdaq, inc., which became effective in the third quarter of 2015. in connection with this action, we decided to discontinue the use of the omx trade name.
these charges did not impact the company's consolidated cash flows, liquidity, or capital resources. the write off of the espeed trade name is recorded in asset impairment charge in the consolidated statements of income for 2016 and the write off of the omx trade name is recorded in restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of income for 2015.
there were no other impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.
other long-lived assets and related impairment we review our other long-lived assets, such as finite-lived intangible assets, equity and cost method investments, as well as property and equipment for potential impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. we evaluate our equity and cost method investments for other-than-temporary declines in value by considering a variety of factors such as the earnings capacity of the investment and the fair value of the investment compared to its carrying amount. in addition, for investments where the market value is readily determinable, we
consider the underlying stock price as an additional factor. any required impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value and is recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the related asset and a charge to operating results.
we recorded pre-tax, non-cash property and equipment asset impairment charges of $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, $8 million for 2016 and $18 million for 2015. see note 8, "property and equipment, net," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the impairment charge in 2017 is included in merger and strategic initiatives expense in the consolidated statements of income and the 2016 and 2015 impairment charges are included in restructuring charges in the consolidated statements of income during the respective period.
in december 31, 2016, we recorded a pre-tax, non-cash impairment charge of $7 million to write off the full value of an equity method investment. see "equity method investments," of note 7, "investments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. no other impairments of equity method investments were recorded in 2017, 2016 or 2015.
income taxes estimates and judgments are required in the calculation of certain tax liabilities and in the determination of the recoverability of certain deferred tax assets, which arise from net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense. our deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the recorded deferred tax assets will not be realized in future periods. management is required to determine whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. once it is determined that a position meets the recognition thresholds, the position is measured to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements. interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters are recognized in income tax expense.
in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence including past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
in addition, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of tax regulations in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in such jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest may be due. while we believe that our tax liabilities reflect the probable outcome of identified tax uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that the ultimate resolution of any tax matter may be greater or less than the amount accrued. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would result.
the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted on december 22, 2017. we are required to recognize the effect of the tax law changes in the period of enactment, such as remeasuring our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities, reassessing the net realizability of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and determining the applicability of the one-time mandatory transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings. sec staff accounting bulletin no. 118, "income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act," or sab 118, has provided guidance which allows us to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. as of december 31, 2017, we have recorded a provisional estimate of the effects of the new legislation. we will continue to analyze the tax cuts and jobs act and related accounting guidance and interpretations in order to finalize any impacts within the measurement period.