item 1a. risk factors various factors exist that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, we believe the following are some of the important risks and uncertainties that could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations:
we operate in a highly competitive industry, and our business will suffer if we are unable to adequately address potential downward pricing pressures and other factors that may adversely affect our operations and profitability.
numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain our current profitability. these factors include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   we compete with other transportation service providers of varying sizes, some of which may have more equipment, a broader global network, a wider range of services, greater capital resources or other competitive advantages;
•   some of our competitors may reduce their prices to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth rates in the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase prices or maintain revenue;
•   we may be unable to continue to collect fuel surcharges or our fuel surcharge program may become ineffective in mitigating the impact of the fluctuating costs of fuel and other petroleum-based products;
•   many customers reduce the number of carriers they use by selecting "core carriers" as approved transportation service providers and we may not be selected;
•   many customers periodically accept bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, and this process may depress prices or result in the loss of some business to competitors;
•   some customers may choose to consolidate certain ltl shipments through a different mode of transportation, such as truckload, intermodal or rail;
•   our customers may manage their inventory levels more closely to a "just-in-time" basis, which may increase our costs and adversely affect our ability to meet our customers' needs;
•   consolidation in the ground transportation industry may create other large carriers with greater financial resources and other competitive advantages relating to their size;
•   advances in technology require increased investments to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher prices to cover the cost of these investments;
•   competition from non-asset-based logistics and freight brokerage companies may adversely affect our customer relationships and ability to maintain sufficient pricing; and
•   our competitors may adopt emerging or additional technologies that improve their operating effectiveness, which could negatively affect our ability to remain competitive.
if we are unable to effectively compete with other ltl carriers, whether on the basis of price, service or otherwise, we may be unable to retain existing customers or attract new customers, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. furthermore, continued merger and acquisition activity in transportation and logistics could result in stronger or new competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. we may not be able to compete successfully in an increasingly consolidated ltl industry and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
if our employees were to unionize, our operating costs would increase and our ability to compete would be impaired.
none of our employees are currently represented under a collective bargaining agreement. however, from time to time there have been efforts to organize our employees at various service centers. further, congress or one or more states could approve legislation and/or the national labor relations board could render decisions or implement rule changes that could significantly affect our business and our relationship with our employees, including actions that could substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization. in addition, we can offer no assurance that the department of labor will not adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations in a manner that would favor the agenda of unions, or that our employees will not unionize in the future, particularly if regulatory changes occur that facilitate unionization.
the unionization of our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations because:
•   restrictive work rules could hamper our efforts to improve and sustain operating efficiency;
•   restrictive work rules could impair our service reputation and limit our ability to provide next-day services;
•   a strike or work stoppage could negatively impact our profitability and could damage customer and employee relationships;
•   shippers may limit their use of unionized trucking companies because of the threat of strikes and other work stoppages; and
•   an election and bargaining process could divert management's time and attention from our overall objectives and impose significant expenses.
if we are unable to successfully execute our growth strategy, and develop, market and consistently deliver high-quality services that meet customer expectations, our business and future results of operations may suffer.
our growth strategy includes increasing the volume of freight moving through our existing service center network, selectively expanding our capacity and broadening the scope of our service offerings. in connection with our growth strategy, at various times, we have expanded and upgraded service centers, purchased additional equipment and increased our sales and marketing efforts, and we expect to continue to do so. our growth strategy exposes us to a number of risks, including the following:
•   shortages of suitable real estate may limit our growth and could cause congestion in our service center network, which could result in increased operating expenses;
•   growth may strain our management, capital resources, information systems and customer service;
•   hiring new employees may increase training costs and may result in temporary inefficiencies until those employees become proficient in their jobs; and
•   expanding our service offerings may require us to enter into new markets and encounter new competitive challenges.
we cannot ensure that we will overcome the risks associated with our growth strategy. if we fail to overcome those risks, we may not realize additional revenue or profits from our efforts, we may incur additional expenses and, as a result, our financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we may be unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions as part of our growth strategy.
growth through acquisitions historically has been a key component of our ltl growth strategy. in the future, we may seek to acquire other ltl carriers as well as other complementary businesses. exploration of potential acquisitions requires significant attention from our management team. in addition, we expect to compete for acquisition opportunities with other companies, some of which may have greater financial and other resources than we do. we cannot ensure that we will have sufficient cash to consummate an acquisition or otherwise be able to obtain financing for an acquisition. if we are unable to access sufficient funding for potential acquisitions, we may not be able to complete transactions that we otherwise find advantageous.
any subsequent acquisition will entail numerous risks, including:
•   we may not achieve anticipated levels of revenue, efficiency, cash flows and profitability;
•   we may experience difficulties managing businesses that are outside our historical core competency and markets;
•   we may underestimate the resources required to support acquisitions, which could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management;
•   we may incur unanticipated costs to our infrastructure to support new business lines or separate legal entities;
•   we may be required to temporarily match existing customer pricing in the acquiree's markets, which may be lower than the rates that we would typically charge for our services;
•   liabilities we assume could be greater than our original estimates or may not be disclosed to us at the time of acquisition;
•   we may incur additional indebtedness or we may issue additional equity to finance future acquisitions, which could be dilutive to our shareholders;
•   potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company; and
•   an inability to recognize projected cost savings and economies of scale.
in addition, we may have difficulty integrating any acquired business and its operations, services and personnel into our existing operations, and such integration may require a significant amount of time and effort by our management team. to the extent we do not successfully avoid or overcome the risks or problems resulting from any acquisitions we undertake, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our customers' and suppliers' businesses may be impacted by various economic factors such as recessions, downturns in the economy, global uncertainty and instability, changes in u.s. social, political, and regulatory conditions and/or a disruption of financial markets, which may decrease demand for our services.
adverse economic conditions, both in the u.s. and internationally, can negatively affect our customers' business levels, the amount of transportation services they need, their ability to pay for our services and overall freight levels, any of which might impair our asset utilization. additionally, uncertainty and instability in the global economy and any other action that the u.s. government may take to withdraw from or materially modify the north american free trade agreement and certain other international trade arrangements, may lead to fewer goods being transported and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. customers encountering adverse economic conditions may be unable to obtain additional financing, or financing under acceptable terms, due to disruptions in the capital and credit markets. these customers represent a greater potential for bad debt losses, which may require us to increase our reserve for bad debt. economic conditions resulting in bankruptcies of one or more of our large customers could have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity in a particular year or quarter. further, when adverse economic times arise, customers may select competitors that offer lower rates in an attempt to lower their costs, and we might be forced to lower our rates or lose freight volumes.
our suppliers' business levels also may be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions and changes in the political and regulatory environment, both in the u.s. and internationally, or financial constraints, which could lead to disruptions in the supply and availability of equipment, parts and services critical to our operations. a significant interruption in our normal supply chain could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers.
we are also subject to cost increases outside of our control that could materially reduce our profitability if we are unable to increase our rates sufficiently. such cost increases include, but are not limited to, increases in wage rates, fuel prices, interest rates, taxes, tolls, license and registration fees, insurance, revenue equipment and healthcare for our employees.
difficulties attracting and retaining qualified drivers and maintenance technicians could result in increases in driver and technician compensation and could adversely affect our profitability, our ability to maintain or grow our fleet and our ability to maintain our customer relationships.
from time to time we have experienced difficulty in attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified drivers and such shortages may recur in the future. due in part to the time commitment, physical requirements, our stringent hiring
standards and current industry conditions, the available pool of qualified employee drivers has been declining. because of the intense competition for drivers, we may face difficulty maintaining or increasing our number of drivers. similarly, in recent years, there has been a decrease in the overall supply of skilled maintenance technicians, particularly new technicians with qualifications from technical programs and schools, which could make it more difficult to attract and retain skilled technicians. the compensation we offer our drivers and technicians is subject to market conditions that may require increases in driver or technician compensation. if we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified drivers and technicians, we could be required to adjust our compensation packages, amend our hiring standards, or operate with fewer trucks and face difficulty meeting customer demands, any of which could adversely affect our growth and profitability.
the fmcsa's csa initiative could adversely impact our ability to hire qualified drivers, meet our growth projections and maintain our customer relationships, each of which could adversely impact our results of operations.
the fmcsa's compliance, safety, accountability initiative ("csa") is an enforcement and compliance program designed to monitor and improve commercial motor vehicle safety by measuring the safety record of both the motor carrier and the driver. these measurements are scored and used by the fmcsa to identify potential safety risks and to direct enforcement action.
our csa scores are dependent upon our safety and compliance experience, which could change at any time. in addition, the safety standards prescribed in csa could change and our ability to maintain an acceptable score could be adversely impacted. public disclosure of certain csa scores was restricted through the enactment of the fixing america's surface transportation act of 2015 (the "fast act") on december 4, 2015; however, the fast act does not restrict public disclosure of all data collected by the fmcsa. if we receive unacceptable csa scores, and this data is made available to the public, our relationships with our customers could be damaged, which could result in a loss of business.
the requirements of the csa could also shrink the industry's pool of drivers, as those with unfavorable scores could leave the industry. as a result, the costs to attract, train and retain qualified drivers could increase. in addition, a shortage of qualified drivers could increase driver turnover, decrease asset utilization, limit growth and adversely impact our results of operations.
we operate in a highly regulated industry, and increased costs of compliance with, or liability for violation of, existing or future regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are regulated by the dot and by various state agencies. these regulatory authorities have broad powers over matters relating to authorized motor carrier operations, as well as motor carrier registration, driver hours of service, safety and fitness of transportation equipment and drivers, transportation of hazardous materials, certain mergers and acquisitions and periodic financial reporting. the trucking industry is also subject to regulatory and legislative changes from a variety of other governmental authorities, which address matters such as increasingly stringent environmental regulations, occupational safety and health regulations, limits on vehicle weight and size, ergonomics, port security, and driver hours of service. we are also subject to the costs and potential adverse impact of compliance associated with addressing interoperability between electronic aobrds and elds in accordance with fmcsa's eld regulations and guidance, which includes our existing waiver and pending exemption request. in addition, we are subject to compliance with cargo-security and transportation regulations issued by the tsa and cbp within the u.s. department of homeland security. regulatory requirements, and changes in regulatory requirements or guidance, may affect our business or the economics of the industry by requiring changes in operating practices that could influence the demand for and increase the costs of providing transportation services.
insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our profitability.
we are exposed to claims related to cargo loss and damage, property damage, personal injury, workers' compensation, group health and group dental. we have insurance coverage with third-party insurance carriers, but we assume a significant portion of the risk associated with these claims due to our sirs and deductibles. our operating results could be adversely affected if any of the following were to occur: (i) the number or the severity of claims increases; (ii) we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment; or (iii) claims exceed our coverage amounts. if claims exceed our sir or deductible levels, insurance companies exit the transportation insurance marketplace, or insurance market conditions change, insurers could raise premiums for excess coverage to cover their expenses and anticipated future losses.  in addition, insurance companies generally require us to collateralize our sir or deductible levels. if these collateralization requirements increase, our borrowing capacity could be adversely affected.
healthcare legislation may increase our costs and reduce our future profitability.
to attract and retain employees, we maintain a competitive health insurance plan for our employees and their dependents. we cannot predict the impact that any state or federal healthcare legislation or regulation will have on our operations, but we expect costs associated with providing benefits under employee medical plans and healthcare-related costs associated with workers' compensation to continue to increase. rising healthcare costs in the u.s. could result in significant long-term costs to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. in addition, rising healthcare costs could force us to make further changes to our benefits program, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees.
we have significant ongoing cash requirements that could limit our growth and affect our profitability if we are unable to obtain sufficient capital.
our business is highly capital intensive. we generally finance our capital expenditures and planned growth with existing cash, cash flow from operations, issuance of debt and through available borrowings under our existing senior unsecured credit agreement. we may require additional capital to finance long-term real estate purchase opportunities and acquisitions, which we may fund through additional debt or through equity offerings. if we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations or raise capital by accessing the debt and equity markets, we may be forced to limit our growth and operate our equipment for longer periods of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
our business also has significant ongoing operating cash requirements. if our cash requirements are high or our cash flow from operations is low during particular periods, we may need to seek additional financing, which could be costly or difficult to obtain.
limited supply and increased costs of new equipment may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow.
we may face difficulty in purchasing new equipment due to decreased supply and increased costs. investment in new equipment is a significant part of our annual capital expenditures and we require an available supply of tractors and trailers from equipment manufacturers to operate and grow our business. we may also be subject to shortages in raw materials that are required for the production of critical operating equipment and supplies, such as shortages in rubber or steel.
the price of our equipment may also be adversely affected in the future by regulations on newly manufactured tractors and diesel engines. we are subject to regulations issued by the u.s. environmental protection agency (the "epa") and various state agencies, particularly the california air resources board ("carb"), that have required progressive reductions in exhaust emissions from diesel engines. we may become subject to new or more restrictive regulations, or differing interpretations of existing regulations, which may increase the cost of providing transportation services or adversely affect our results of operations. we are also unable to predict how any future changes in u.s. government policy will affect epa and carb regulation and enforcement. these regulations have resulted in higher prices for tractors and diesel engines and increased operating and maintenance costs, and there can be no assurance that continued increases in pricing or costs will not have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we may be adversely impacted by fluctuations in the availability and price of diesel fuel.
diesel fuel is a critical component of our operations and a significant operating expense for our business. future fluctuations in prices and diesel fuel availability could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. diesel fuel prices and fuel availability can be impacted by factors beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, adverse weather conditions, political events, disruption or failure of technology or information systems, price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels, terrorist activities, armed conflict and world supply and demand imbalances. we maintain fuel storage and pumping facilities at many of our service center locations; however, we may be susceptible to fuel shortages at certain locations that could cause us to incur additional expense to ensure adequate supply on a timely basis and to prevent a disruption to our service schedules. an interruption in the supply of diesel fuel could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
we do not hedge against the risk of diesel fuel price increases. an increase in diesel fuel prices or diesel fuel taxes, or any change in federal or state regulations that results in such an increase, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. we have fuel surcharge programs in place with a majority of our customers, which help offset the negative impact of the
increased cost of diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products. however, we also incur fuel costs that cannot be recovered even with respect to customers with which we maintain fuel surcharge programs, such as those costs associated with empty miles or the time during which our engines are idling. because our fuel surcharge recovery lags behind changes in fuel prices, our fuel surcharge recovery may not capture the increased costs we pay for fuel, especially when prices are rising, leading to fluctuations in our levels of reimbursement. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including fuel surcharges, and address individual account profitability issues with our customers when necessary; however, there can be no assurance that fuel surcharges can be maintained indefinitely or will be sufficiently effective in offsetting increases in diesel fuel prices.
we are subject to various governmental laws and regulations, and costs of compliance with, liabilities under, or violations of, existing or future governmental laws or regulations could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to various federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the environment, the presence of hazardous materials at our properties or in our vehicles, fuel storage tanks, the transportation of certain materials and the discharge or retention of storm water. under certain environmental laws, we could also be held responsible for any costs relating to contamination at our past or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites, as well as costs associated with the clean-up of accidents involving our vehicles. environmental laws have become and may continue to be increasingly more stringent over time, and there can be no assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental laws or liabilities arising under such laws will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition.
in addition to epa and state agency regulations on exhaust emissions with which we must comply, there is an increased regulatory focus on climate change and greenhouse gas emissions. we are also subject to increasing sensitivity to sustainability issues. this increased focus on sustainability may result in new regulations and/or customer requirements that could adversely impact our business. any future limitations on the emission of greenhouse gases, other environmental legislation or customer sustainability requirements could increase our future capital expenditures and have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
we are subject to the risks of litigation and governmental proceedings or inquiries, which could adversely affect our business.
the nature of our business exposes us to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, cargo claims, safety and contract compliance, environmental liability and other matters. accordingly, we are, and in the future may be, subject to legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of our business, and may include class-action allegations. we are also subject to potential governmental proceedings, inquiries, and claims. the parties in such actions may seek amounts from us that may not be covered in whole or in part by insurance.  defending ourselves against such actions could result in significant costs and could require a substantial amount of time and effort by our management team. we cannot predict the outcome of litigation or governmental proceedings or inquiries to which we are a party or whether we will be subject to future legal actions. as a result, the potential costs associated with legal actions against us could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to various risks arising from our international business operations and relationships, which could adversely affect our business.
we arrange for transportation and logistics services to and from various international locations and are subject to both the risks of conducting international business and the requirements of the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977 (the "fcpa"). failure to comply with the fcpa may result in legal claims against us.  in addition, we face other risks associated with international operations and relationships, which may include restrictive trade policies, the renegotiation of international trade agreements, imposition of duties, taxes or government royalties imposed by foreign governments.
we are subject to legislative, regulatory, and legal developments involving taxes.
taxes are a significant part of our expenses.  we are subject to u.s. federal and state income, payroll, property, sales and use, fuel, and other types of taxes.  new or revised tax laws or  regulations, such as those included in the recently enacted tax cuts and jobs act (the "tax act"), higher tax rates, claims, audits, investigations or legal proceedings involving taxing authorities, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
our results of operations may be affected by seasonal factors, harsh weather conditions and disasters.
our operations are subject to seasonal trends common in our industry. our revenue and operating margins in the first and fourth quarters are typically lower than those during the second and third quarters due to reduced shipments during the winter months. harsh winter weather or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes and floods, can also adversely impact our performance by reducing demand and reducing our ability to transport freight, which could result in decreased revenue and increased operating expenses.
if we are unable to retain our key employees, or if we do not effectively execute our succession plan, our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be adversely affected.
our success will continue to depend upon the experience and leadership of our key employees and executive officers. in that regard, the loss of the services of any of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity if we are unable to secure replacement personnel who have sufficient experience in our industry and in the management of our business. if we are unable to continue to develop and retain a core group of management personnel and execute succession planning strategies, or we encounter any unforeseen difficulties associated with the recent transition of members of our management team, our business could be negatively impacted in the future.
our principal shareholders control a large portion of our outstanding common stock.
earl e. congdon, david s. congdon, john r. congdon, jr. and their affiliate family members beneficially own an aggregate of approximately 20% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. as long as the congdon family controls a large portion of our voting stock, they may be able to significantly influence the election of the entire board of directors and the outcome of all matters involving a shareholder vote. the congdon family's interests may differ from the interests of other shareholders and the status of their ownership could change at their discretion.
our financial results may be adversely impacted by potential future changes in accounting practices.
future changes in accounting standards or practices, and related legal and regulatory interpretations of those changes, may adversely impact public companies in general, the transportation industry or our operations specifically. new accounting standards or requirements could change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and/or liabilities or could be costly to implement. these types of regulations could have a negative impact on our financial position, liquidity, results of operations and/or access to capital.
our information technology systems are subject to cyber and other risks, some of which are beyond our control, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position.
we are reliant on the proper functioning and availability of our information systems for our operations as well as providing a value-added service to our customers. our information systems, including our accounting, communications and data processing systems, are integral to the efficient operation of our business. it is critical that the data processed by these systems remain confidential, as it often includes competitive customer information, confidential customer credit card and transaction data, employee records and key financial and operational results and statistics. cyber incidents that impact the security, availability, reliability, speed, accuracy or other proper functioning of these systems and measures, including outages, computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions, could have a significant impact on our operations. we utilize third-party service providers who have access to our systems and certain sensitive data, which exposes us to additional security risks. although our information systems are protected through physical and software safeguards, as well as redundant systems, network security measures and backup systems, it is difficult to fully protect against the possibility of power loss, telecommunications failures, cyber attacks, and other cyber incidents in every potential circumstance that may arise. a significant cyber incident, including system failure, security breach, disruption by malware, or other damage, could interrupt or delay our operations, damage our reputation, cause a loss of customers, expose us to a risk of loss or litigation, and/or cause us to incur significant time and expense to remedy such an event, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position.
failure to keep pace with developments in technology, any disruption to our technology infrastructure, or failures of essential services upon which our technology platforms rely could cause us to incur costs or result in a loss of business, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely heavily on information technology systems. our information technology systems are complex and require ongoing investments and enhancements to meet both internal requirements and the requirements of our customers. if we are unable to invest in and enhance or modernize our technology systems in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, or if we are unable to train our employees to operate the new, enhanced or modernized systems, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or new or modernized system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or adversely affect our results of operations.
our information technology systems also depend upon the internet, third-party service providers, global communications providers, satellite-based communications systems, the electric utilities grid, electric utility providers and telecommunications providers. we have minimal control over the operation, quality, or maintenance of these services or whether vendors will improve their services or continue to provide services that are essential to our business. disruptions due to transitional challenges in upgrading or enhancing our technology systems; failures in the services upon which our information technology platforms rely, including those that may arise from adverse weather conditions or natural calamities, such as floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or tornadoes; illegal acts, including terrorist attacks; human error or systems modernization initiatives; and/or other disruptions, may adversely affect our business, which could increase our costs or result in a loss of customers that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.
damage to our reputation through unfavorable publicity could adversely affect our financial condition.
in the current environment of instantaneous communication and social media outlets, the quick and broad dissemination of information through media sources could cause damaging information about us, whether accurate or not, to be broadly publicized.  unfavorable publicity about us or our employees could damage our reputation and may result in a reduction in demand for our services or the loss of customers that could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. this unfavorable publicity could also require the need to allocate significant resources to the rebuilding of our reputation.
anti-terrorism measures and terrorist events may disrupt our business.
federal, state and municipal authorities have implemented and are continuing to implement various anti-terrorism measures, including checkpoints and travel restrictions on large trucks. if additional security measures disrupt or impede the timing of our deliveries, we may fail to meet the requirements of our customers or incur increased expenses to do so. there can be no assurance that new anti-terrorism measures will not be implemented and that such measures will not have a material adverse effect on our operations.
a decrease in the demand and value of used equipment may impact our results of operations.
as we purchase new tractors and trailers as part of our normal replacement cycle each year, we rely on the used equipment market to dispose of our older equipment. oversupply in the transportation industry as well as adverse domestic and foreign economic conditions can negatively impact the demand for used equipment and, therefore, reduce the value we can obtain on our used equipment. if we are unable to sell our older equipment at or above our salvage value, the resulting losses could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
if we raise additional capital in the future, your ownership in us could be diluted.
any issuance of equity we may undertake in the future to raise additional capital could cause the price of our common stock to decline, or require us to issue shares at a price that is lower than that paid by holders of our common stock in the past, which would result in those newly issued shares being dilutive. if we obtain funds through a credit facility or through the issuance of debt or preferred securities, these obligations and securities would likely have rights senior to your rights as a common shareholder, which could impair the value of our common stock.
there can be no assurance of our ability to declare and pay cash dividends in future periods.
we intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock for the foreseeable future; however, dividend payments are subject to approval by our board of directors, and are restricted by applicable state law limitations on distributions to shareholders as well as certain covenants under our revolving credit facility. as a result, future dividend payments are not guaranteed and will depend upon various factors such as our overall financial condition, available liquidity, anticipated cash needs, future prospects for earnings and cash flows, as well as other factors considered relevant by our board of directors. in addition, any reduction or suspension in our dividend payments could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
the market value of our common stock may fluctuate and could be substantially affected by various factors.
the price of our common stock on the nasdaq global select market changes constantly. we expect that the market price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. these factors include, among others:
•   actual or anticipated variations in earnings, financial or operating performance or liquidity;
•   changes in analysts' recommendations or projections;
•   general political, social, economic and capital market conditions;
•   announcements of developments related to our business;
•   operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers;
•   actions by government regulators; and
•   news reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to us or our industry, including changes in regulations.
our common stock price may fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to our performance. general market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and the current market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future market prices.
our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and virginia law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in our control or our management.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws and the laws of virginia, the state in which we are incorporated, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us or a change in management that shareholders may consider favorable. these provisions:
•   limit who may call a special meeting of shareholders;
•   require shareholder action by written consent to be unanimous;
•   establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at shareholder meetings;
•   may make it difficult to merge with or otherwise absorb a virginia corporation acquired in a tender offer for the three years after the acquisition; and
•   may make an unsolicited attempt to gain control of us more difficult by restricting the right of specified shareholders to vote newly acquired large blocks of stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we are a leading, less-than-truckload ("ltl"), union-free motor carrier providing regional, inter-regional and national ltl services, which include ground and air expedited transportation and consumer household pickup and delivery, through a single integrated organization. in addition to our core ltl services, we offer a range of value-added services including container drayage, truckload brokerage, supply chain consulting and warehousing. more than 97% of our revenue has historically been derived from transporting ltl shipments for our customers, whose demand for our services is generally tied to industrial production and the overall health of the u.s. domestic economy.
in analyzing the components of our revenue, we monitor changes and trends in our ltl services using the following key metrics, which exclude certain transportation and logistics services where pricing is generally not determined by weight, commodity or distance:
•   ltl revenue per hundredweight - this measurement reflects the application of our pricing policies to the services we provide, which are influenced by competitive market conditions and our growth objectives. generally, freight is rated by a class system, which is established by the national motor freight traffic association, inc. light, bulky freight typically has a higher class and is priced at higher revenue per hundredweight than dense, heavy freight. fuel surcharges, accessorial charges, revenue adjustments and revenue for undelivered freight are included in this measurement. revenue for undelivered freight is deferred for financial statement purposes in accordance with our revenue recognition policy; however, we believe including it in our revenue per hundredweight metrics results in a better indicator of changes in this metric by matching total billed revenue with the corresponding weight of those shipments.
revenue per hundredweight is a commonly-used indicator of pricing trends, but this metric can be influenced by many other factors, such as changes in fuel surcharges, weight per shipment, length of haul and the class, or mix, of our freight. as a result, changes in revenue per hundredweight do not necessarily indicate actual changes in underlying base rates.
•   ltl weight per shipment - fluctuations in weight per shipment can indicate changes in the mix of freight we receive from our customers, as well as changes in the number of units included in a shipment. generally, increases in weight per shipment indicate higher demand for our customers' products and overall increased economic activity. changes in weight per shipment can also be influenced by shifts between ltl and other modes of transportation, such as truckload and intermodal, in response to capacity, service and pricing issues. fluctuations in weight per shipment generally have an inverse effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as a decrease in weight per shipment will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
•   average length of haul - we consider lengths of haul less than 500 miles to be regional traffic, lengths of haul between 500 miles and 1,000 miles to be inter-regional traffic, and lengths of haul in excess of 1,000 miles to be national traffic. this metric is used to analyze our tonnage and pricing trends for shipments with similar characteristics, and also allows for comparison with other transportation providers serving specific markets. by analyzing this metric, we can determine the success and growth potential of our service products in these markets. changes in length of haul generally have a direct effect on our revenue per hundredweight, as an increase in length of haul will typically cause an increase in revenue per hundredweight.
our primary revenue focus is to increase density, which is shipment and tonnage growth within our existing infrastructure. increases in density allow us to maximize our asset utilization and labor productivity, which we measure over many different functional areas of our operations including linehaul load factor, pickup and delivery ("p&d") stops per hour, p&d shipments per hour, platform pounds handled per hour and platform shipments per hour. in addition to our focus on density and operating efficiencies, it is critical for us to obtain an appropriate yield, which is measured as revenue per hundredweight, on the shipments we handle. we are committed to a disciplined yield management process that focuses on individual account profitability. we believe yield management and improvements in efficiency are key components in our ability to produce profitable growth.
our primary cost elements are direct wages and benefits associated with the movement of freight, operating supplies and expenses, which include diesel fuel, and depreciation of our equipment fleet and service center facilities. we gauge our overall
success in managing costs by monitoring our operating ratio, a measure of profitability calculated by dividing total operating expenses by revenue, which also allows for industry-wide comparisons with our competition.
we continually upgrade our technological capabilities to improve our customer service and lower our operating costs. our technology provides our customers with visibility of their shipments throughout our network, increases the productivity of our workforce and provides key metrics that we use to monitor and enhance our processes.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, expenses and other items as a percentage of revenue from operations:
salaries, wages and benefits               53.7          55.2          52.8
communication and utilities                 0.8           0.9           0.9
building and office equipment rents         0.2           0.3           0.3
income before income taxes                 17.1          16.0          16.5
provision for income taxes                  3.3           6.1           6.2
(1)   for the purpose of this table, interest expense is presented net of interest income.
our financial results for 2017 reflect company record increases in revenue, net income and earnings per diluted share. we believe our results were driven by the strengthening economy and a favorable pricing environment during a period of tightening industry capacity. our consistent investments in our service center network and equipment have provided us with the capacity needed to serve our customers' increasing freight demands and win market share. the increased freight density in our service center network and improvement in yield, combined with our continued focus on managing our variable costs, led to the 110 basis-point improvement in our operating ratio as compared to 2016. in addition to the increase in operating income, our net income also increased due in part to net tax benefits recognized in connection with the enactment of the tax act in december 2017. as a result, our net income and earnings per diluted share increased 56.8% and 58.1%, respectively, in 2017 as compared to 2016.
key financial and operating metrics for 2017 and 2016 are presented below:
2017                    2016                 change           % change work days                                          253                     254                    (1    )        (0.4   )
ltl revenue per intercity mile                   $5.46                   $5.09                 $0.37              7.3
ltl intercity miles (in thousands)             605,204                 576,953                28,251              4.9
revenue revenue increased $366.6 million, or 12.3% as compared to 2016 due to a $364.0 million increase in ltl revenue and a $2.6 million increase in non-ltl revenue. ltl revenue was higher in 2017 due to increases in both ltl tons and yield. the 7.4% increase in ltl tons during 2017 resulted from a 5.8% increase in ltl shipments and a 1.5% increase in ltl weight per shipment as compared to 2016. we believe our tonnage growth in 2017 was driven by a stronger economic environment and market share gains resulting from increased demand for the consistent levels of premium service that we provide to our customers.
ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 4.8% to $19.39 in 2017 as compared to 2016, despite the downward pressure on this metric created by the increase in our ltl weight per shipment and the decline in our average length of haul. we believe this increase in our ltl revenue per hundredweight reflects our continued focus on yield management which benefited from a favorable pricing environment. our ltl revenue and yield were also positively impacted by an increase in fuel surcharges in 2017 as compared to 2016. excluding fuel surcharges, ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 2.9% in 2017 as compared to 2016.
most of our tariffs and contracts provide for a fuel surcharge that is generally indexed to the doe's published diesel fuel prices that reset each week. our fuel surcharges are designed to offset fluctuations in the cost of petroleum-based products and are one of the many components included in the overall negotiated price we charge for our services. as a percent of revenue, fuel surcharges increased to 11.1% in 2017 from 9.5% in 2016. this increase was due primarily to an increase in the average price per gallon for diesel fuel during 2017 as compared to 2016. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including base freight rates and fuel surcharges. we also address any individual account profitability issues with our customers as part of our effort to minimize the negative impact on our profitability that would likely result from a rapid and significant change in any of our operating expenses.
operating costs and other expenses salaries, wages and benefits increased $150.4 million, or 9.1% in 2017 due to a $122.3 million increase in salaries and wages and a $28.1 million increase in benefit costs. the increase in the costs attributable to salaries and wages was due primarily to the 3.0% increase in the average number of full-time employees in 2017, annual wage increases provided to our employees in september 2016 and 2017 and higher performance-based compensation linked to our operating results. in addition, we paid a special bonus to all non-executive employees in december 2017 following passage of the tax act that totaled $9.8 million. although our costs increased, our aggregate productive labor costs as a percent of revenue decreased to 28.3% for 2017 from 28.9% for 2016 and our other indirect salaries and wages as a percent of revenue decreased to 12.0% for 2017 from 12.2% for 2016.
employee benefit costs increased $28.1 million or 6.7%, due primarily to an increase in our average number of full-time employees and higher wage rates, which led to higher payroll-related taxes and paid-time-off benefits. our employee benefit costs also increased for certain retirement benefit plans directly linked to the improvement in our net income and the share price of our common stock. our group health costs and workers' compensation expenses decreased as a percent of salaries and wages, which contributed to the overall improvement in total employee benefit costs as a percent of salaries and wages to 33.2% for 2017 from 34.2% for 2016.
operating supplies and expenses increased $58.8 million, or 18.2% in 2017 as compared to 2016 due primarily to increased costs of diesel fuel. the cost of diesel fuel, excluding fuel taxes, represents the largest component of operating supplies and expenses, and can vary based on both average price per gallon and consumption. the increase in our diesel fuel costs, excluding fuel taxes, was due primarily to a 23.5% increase in our average cost per gallon of diesel fuel during 2017. in addition, our gallons consumed increased 4.3% in 2017 as compared to 2016 due primarily to a 4.5% increase in linehaul and p&d miles driven. we do not use diesel fuel hedging instruments, and our costs are therefore subject to market price fluctuations.
general supplies and expenses increased $21.1 million, or 24.4% in 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was due primarily to an increase in our advertising and marketing costs and higher costs for technology and related support.
depreciation and amortization increased $15.9 million, or 8.4% due primarily to the assets acquired as part of our 2016 and 2017 capital expenditure programs. these costs, however, were relatively consistent as a percent of revenue between the periods compared. we believe depreciation will continue to increase based on our 2018 capital expenditure plan. while our investments in real estate, equipment and technology can increase our costs in the short-term, we believe these investments are necessary to support our continued growth and strategic initiatives.
our effective tax rate in 2017 was 19.5% as compared to 38.1% in 2016. our provision for income taxes in 2017 includes a $104.9 million income tax benefit resulting from the revaluation of our deferred tax liabilities in connection with the passage of the tax act in december 2017. in addition, our effective tax rates for 2017 and 2016 were favorably impacted by various tax credits. our effective tax rate generally exceeds the federal statutory rate due to the impact of state taxes and, to a lesser extent, certain other non-deductible items. we expect our effective tax rate to decrease for 2018 to approximately 26% - 27% as a result of the tax act. our estimated tax rate could be impacted by future tax adjustments that may be necessary to comply with clarifying interpretations and guidance related to the tax act.
key financial and operating metrics for 2016 and 2015 are presented below:
2016                    2015              change          % change work days                                          254                     254                  -               -
ltl revenue per intercity mile                   $5.09                   $5.11             $(0.02    )       (0.4   )
ltl intercity miles (in thousands)             576,953                 566,210             10,743             1.9
non-ltl revenue was primarily due to strategic changes in our container drayage and international freight forwarding service offerings that we initiated in the second half of 2015.
ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 1.5% to $18.51 in 2016 primarily due to our disciplined yield management process and a generally stable pricing environment. the increase in ltl revenue per hundredweight was negatively impacted by a decline in our fuel surcharges that reflected lower average diesel fuel prices. excluding fuel surcharges, ltl revenue per hundredweight increased 2.6% in 2016 as compared to 2015.
most of our tariffs and contracts provide for a fuel surcharge that is generally indexed to the doe's published diesel fuel prices that reset each week. our fuel surcharges are designed to offset fluctuations in the cost of petroleum-based products and are one of the many components included in the overall negotiated price we charge for our services. fuel surcharge revenue decreased to 9.5% of revenue in 2016 from 10.4% in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in the average price per gallon for diesel fuel for those comparative periods. we regularly monitor the components of our pricing, including base freight rates and fuel surcharges, and our costs at the customer level. we address individual customer profitability issues to minimize the negative impact on our profitability that would likely result from a rapid and significant change in any of our operating expenses.
operating costs and other expenses salaries, wages and benefits increased $82.3 million, or 5.2% in 2016 due to a $47.1 million increase in salaries and wages and a $35.2 million increase in benefit costs. the increase in salaries and wages, excluding benefits, was due primarily to the impact of the annual wage increases provided to employees in september 2015 and 2016 and an increase in our direct labor costs to support our strategic reduction in purchased transportation. we implemented certain operational initiatives in the second half of 2015 to decrease our reliance on purchased transportation providers, but these changes increased our utilization of company employees and equipment. these increases were partially offset by lower performance-based compensation linked to operating results as well as improvements in productivity. platform pounds and platform shipments per hour improved 4.0% and 3.8%, respectively, in 2016 as compared to 2015. both p&d stops and p&d shipments per hour remained consistent between the periods compared, while our linehaul laden load average declined 1.7% as compared to 2015. our aggregate productive labor costs increased to 28.9% of revenue in 2016 as compared to 27.9% in 2015, while our other indirect salaries and wages increased to 12.2% of revenue in 2016 as compared to 11.9% in 2015.
employee benefit costs increased $35.2 million, or 9.1% in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher costs for our group health and dental plans and an increase in certain retirement benefit plan costs that are directly linked to the market price of our common stock. our group health and dental costs were higher in 2016 primarily due to a 5.8% increase in the average cost per covered employee as compared to 2015. as a result, our employee benefit costs increased to 34.2% of salaries and wages in 2016 as compared to 32.6% in 2015.
operating supplies and expenses decreased $30.9 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. these costs as a percent of revenue improved to 10.8% of revenue in 2016 from 11.9% of revenue in 2015 primarily due to a reduction in fuel costs. the cost of diesel fuel, excluding fuel taxes, represents the largest component of operating supplies and expenses, and can vary based on both average price per gallon and consumption. the decrease in our diesel fuel costs, excluding fuel taxes, during 2016 was due primarily to a 13.4% decline in our average cost per gallon, while our fuel consumption remained relatively consistent between the periods compared despite the increase in miles driven. our fuel consumption benefited from an overall improvement in miles per gallon, which continues to improve as we add newer, more fuel-efficient equipment to our operations. we do not use diesel fuel hedging instruments and are therefore subject to market price fluctuations. other operating supplies and expenses, excluding diesel fuel, remained relatively consistent as a percent of revenue between the periods compared.
depreciation and amortization increased $24.5 million due primarily to the assets acquired as part of our 2015 and 2016 capital expenditure programs. as a percent of revenue, our depreciation and amortization expense increased to 6.3% in 2016 compared to 5.6% in 2015. we believe depreciation will continue to increase based on our 2017 capital expenditure plan. while our investments in real estate, equipment and technology can increase our costs in the short-term, we believe these investments are necessary to support our continued growth and strategic initiatives.
purchased transportation decreased $42.2 million, or 36.3% in 2016 as compared to 2015. the decrease was due primarily to the strategic elimination of certain services in the second quarter of 2015 that reduced our use of third-party providers for the remainder of 2015 and throughout 2016. we continue to utilize purchased transportation services, when beneficial, to support our ltl services and other non-ltl services, including our container drayage and truckload brokerage services.
our effective tax rate in 2016 was 38.1% as compared to 37.8% in 2015. our effective tax rates in 2016 and 2015 were favorably impacted by various tax credits. our effective tax rate generally exceeds the federal statutory rate of 35% due to the impact of state taxes, and to a lesser extent, certain other non-deductible items.
liquidity and capital resources a summary of our cash flows is presented below:
operating activities                                       536,294               565,583               553,880
investing activities                                      (367,746   )          (407,400   )          (437,617   )
financing activities                                       (51,257   )          (159,484   )          (139,578   )
the change in our cash flows provided by operating activities during 2017 was impacted by an increase in income before income taxes of $98.2 million and an increase in depreciation and amortization of $15.9 million. these increases were more than offset by an increase in income taxes paid of $76.0 million and other fluctuations in certain working capital accounts.
the change in our cash flows provided by operating activities during 2016 was impacted by an increase in depreciation and amortization of $24.5 million as compared to 2015. this increase was partially offset by an $8.9 million decrease in net income as well as other fluctuations in certain working capital accounts.
the changes in cash flows used in investing activities for all periods were due to the timing of equipment purchases under our capital expenditure plans. changes in our capital expenditures are more fully described below in "capital expenditures."
the changes in cash flows used in financing activities for all periods were due primarily to fluctuations in capital returned to shareholders and fluctuations in our long-term debt, which includes our senior unsecured revolving line of credit. our financing arrangements are more fully described below under "financing agreements." our return of capital to shareholders is more fully described below under "stock repurchase program" and "dividends to shareholders," respectively.
we have three primary sources of available liquidity: cash and cash equivalents, cash flows from operations and available borrowings under our senior unsecured revolving credit agreement, which is described below. we believe we also have sufficient access to debt and equity markets to provide other sources of liquidity, if needed.
capital expenditures the table below sets forth our net capital expenditures for property and equipment, including those obtained through capital leases, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
technology                            19,329                  18,428                  32,044
other equipment and assets            23,070                  29,661                  36,987
our capital expenditures varied based upon the projected increase in the number and size of our service center facilities to support our plan for long-term growth, our planned tractor and trailer replacement cycle and forecasted tonnage and shipment growth. expenditures for land and structures can be dependent upon the availability of land in the geographic areas where we are looking to expand. we expect to continue to maintain a high level of capital expenditures in order to support our long-term plan for market share growth.
we currently estimate capital expenditures will be approximately $510 million for the year ending december 31, 2018. approximately $200 million is allocated for the purchase of service center facilities, construction of new service center facilities or expansion of existing service center facilities, subject to the availability of suitable real estate and the timing of construction projects; approximately $265 million is allocated for the purchase of tractors and trailers; and approximately $45 million is allocated for investments in technology and other assets. we expect to fund these capital expenditures primarily through cash flows from operations, our existing cash and cash equivalents and the use of our senior unsecured revolving credit facility. we believe our current sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our expected capital expenditures.
stock repurchase program during the second quarter of 2016, we completed our stock repurchase program, previously announced on november 10, 2014, to repurchase up to an aggregate of $200.0 million of our outstanding common stock. on may 23, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new two-year stock repurchase program authorizing us to repurchase up to an aggregate of $250.0 million of our outstanding common stock (the "2016 repurchase program"). under the 2016 repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time to time in open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions. shares of our common stock repurchased under our repurchase program are canceled at the time of repurchase and are classified as authorized but unissued shares of our common stock.
during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we repurchased 91,921, 2,062,841 and 1,682,419 shares of our common stock under our repurchase programs for an aggregate of $8.0 million, $130.3 million and $114.1 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2017, we had $192.0 million remaining authorized under the 2016 repurchase program.
on february 8, 2018, we announced that our board of directors had declared a cash dividend of $0.13 per share of our common stock. the dividend is payable on march 20, 2018 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 6, 2018. although we intend to pay a quarterly cash dividend on our common stock for the foreseeable future, the declaration of any future dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors and is restricted by applicable state law limitations on distributions to shareholders, as well as certain covenants under our revolving credit facility. we anticipate that any future quarterly cash dividends will be funded through cash flows from operations and, if needed, borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
financing agreements we had one unsecured senior note agreement with an amount outstanding of $95.0 million at each of december 31, 2017 and 2016. our unsecured senior note agreement calls for two scheduled principal payments of $50.0 million and $45.0 million on january 3, 2018 and january 3, 2021, respectively. interest rates on the january 3, 2018 and january 3, 2021 scheduled principal payments were 4.00% and 4.79%, respectively. the effective average interest rate on our outstanding senior note agreement was 4.37% at each of december 31, 2017 and 2016. the company made the required $50.0 million principal payment on january 3, 2018.
on december 15, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with wells fargo bank, national association ("wells fargo") serving as administrative agent for the lenders (the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement originally provided for a five-year, $250.0 million senior unsecured revolving line of credit and a $100.0 million accordion feature, which if exercised and approved, would expand the total borrowing capacity up to an aggregate of $350.0 million.
on september 9, 2016, we exercised a portion of the accordion feature and entered into an amendment to the credit agreement to increase the aggregate commitments from existing lenders by $50.0 million to an aggregate of $300.0 million. of the $300.0 million line of credit commitments under the credit agreement, as amended, up to $100.0 million may be used for letters of credit and $30.0 million may be used for borrowings under the wells fargo sweep plus loan program (the "sweep program"). we utilize the sweep program to manage our daily cash needs, as it automatically initiates borrowings to cover overnight cash requirements primarily for working capital needs.
at our option, borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either: (i) libor plus an applicable margin (based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 1.0% to 1.50%; or (ii) a base rate plus an applicable margin
(based on our ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) that ranges from 0.0% to 0.5%. loans under the sweep program bear interest at libor plus applicable margin rate. letter of credit fees equal to the applicable margin for libor loans are charged quarterly in arrears on the daily average aggregate stated amount of all letters of credit outstanding during the quarter. commitment fees ranging from 0.125% to 0.2% (based upon the ratio of net debt-to-total capitalization) are charged quarterly in arrears on the aggregate unutilized portion of the credit agreement. wells fargo, as administrative agent, also receives an annual fee for providing administrative services.
for periods covered under the credit agreement, the applicable margin on libor loans and letter of credit fees were 1.0% and commitment fees were 0.125%.
the amounts outstanding and remaining borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities are presented below:
facility limit                         $300,000              $300,000
line of credit borrowings                     -                (9,975   )
outstanding letters of credit           (71,368   )           (74,611   )
available borrowing capacity           $228,632              $215,414
with the exception of borrowings pursuant to the credit agreement, interest rates are fixed on all of our debt instruments. therefore, short-term exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to our debt instruments is limited to our line of credit facility. we do not currently use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes.
our senior note agreement and credit agreement contain customary covenants, including financial covenants that require us to observe a maximum ratio of debt to total capital and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. any future wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries of the company would be required to guarantee payment of all of our obligations under these agreements. the credit agreement also includes a provision limiting our ability to make restricted payments, including dividends and payments for share repurchases, unless, among other conditions, no defaults or events of default are ongoing (or would be caused by such restricted payment). we were in compliance with all covenants in our outstanding debt instruments for the period ended december 31, 2017.
a significant decrease in demand for our services could limit our ability to generate cash flow and could also affect our profitability. most of our debt agreements have covenants that require stated levels of financial performance, which if not achieved could cause acceleration of the payment schedules. as of december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with these covenants. we do not anticipate a significant decline in business levels or financial performance that would cause us to violate any such covenants in the future, and we believe the combination of our existing credit agreement along with our additional borrowing capacity will be sufficient to meet foreseeable seasonal and long-term capital needs.
(1)   contractual obligations include principal and interest on our senior notes; borrowings under our credit agreement; operating leases consisting primarily of real estate leases; and purchase obligations relating to non-cancellable purchase orders for equipment scheduled for delivery in 2018 and information technology agreements. please refer to the information regarding interest rates and the balance on our revolving credit facility in this section above and also in note 2 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
critical accounting policies in preparing our financial statements, we apply the following critical accounting policies that we believe affect our judgments and estimates of amounts recorded in certain assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. these critical accounting policies are further described in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue based upon when our transportation services have been completed in accordance with the bill of lading contract, our general tariff provisions or contractual agreements with our customers. generally, this occurs when we complete the delivery of a shipment. for transportation services not completed at the end of a reporting period, we use a percentage of completion method to allocate the appropriate revenue to each separate reporting period. under this method, we develop a factor for each uncompleted shipment by dividing the actual number of days in transit at the end of a reporting period by that shipment's standard delivery time schedule. this factor is applied to the total revenue for that shipment and revenue is allocated between reporting periods accordingly.
allowances for uncollectible accounts and revenue adjustments we maintain an allowance for uncollectible accounts for estimated losses resulting from the failure of our customers to make required payments. we estimate this allowance by analyzing the aging of our customer receivables, our historical loss experience and other trends and factors affecting the credit risk of our customers. we determine customer receivables to be past due when payment has not been received by the invoice due date. write-offs occur when we determine an account to be uncollectible and could differ from our allowance estimate as a result of factors such as changes in the overall economic environment or risks surrounding our customers. additional allowances may be required if the financial condition of our customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments. we periodically review the underlying assumptions in our estimate of the allowance for uncollectible accounts to ensure that the allowance reflects the most recent trends and factors.
we also maintain an allowance for estimated revenue adjustments resulting from future billing corrections, customer allowances, money-back service guarantees and other miscellaneous revenue adjustments. these revenue adjustments are recorded in our revenue from operations. we use historical experience, trends and current information to update and evaluate these estimates.
claims and insurance accruals claims and insurance accruals reflect the estimated cost of claims not covered by insurance for cargo loss and damage, bipd, workers' compensation, group health and dental. the related costs are charged to insurance and claims expense except for workers' compensation, group health and dental, which are charged to employee benefits expense.
insurers providing excess coverage above a company's sir or deductible levels typically adjust their premiums to cover insured losses and for other market factors. as a result, we periodically evaluate our sir and deductible levels to determine the most cost-efficient balance between our exposure and excess coverage.
in establishing accruals for claims and expenses, we evaluate and monitor each claim individually, and we use factors such as historical claims development experience, known trends and third-party estimates to determine the appropriate reserves for potential liability. we believe the assumptions and methods used to estimate these liabilities are reasonable; however, any changes in the severity of previously-reported claims, significant changes in medical costs and regulatory changes affecting the administration of our plans could significantly impact the determination of appropriate reserves in future periods.
property and equipment property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated economic lives. we use historical experience, certain assumptions and estimates in determining the economic life of each asset. when indicators of impairment exist, we review property and equipment for impairment due to changes in operational and market conditions, and we adjust the carrying value and economic life of any impaired asset as appropriate.
estimated economic lives for structures are 7 to 30 years, revenue equipment is 4 to 15 years, other equipment is 2 to 20 years, and leasehold improvements are the lesser of the economic life of the leasehold improvement or the remaining life of the
lease. the use of different assumptions, estimates or significant changes in the resale market for our equipment could result in material changes in the carrying value and related depreciation of our assets.
inflation most of our expenses are affected by inflation, which typically results in increased operating costs. in response to fluctuations in the cost of petroleum products, particularly diesel fuel, we generally include a fuel surcharge in our tariffs and contractual agreements. the fuel surcharge is designed to offset the cost of diesel fuel above a base price and fluctuates as diesel fuel prices change from the base, which is generally indexed to the doe's published fuel prices that reset each week. volatility in the price of diesel fuel, independent of inflation, has impacted our business, as described in this report. however, we do not believe inflation has had a material effect on our results of operations for any of the past three years.
related party transactions family relationships each of earl e. congdon, david s. congdon and john r. congdon, jr. are related to one another and served in various management positions and/or on our board of directors during 2017. our employment agreements with earl e. congdon and david s. congdon are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this annual report on form 10-k. we regularly disclose the amount of compensation that we pay to these individuals, as well as the compensation paid to any of their family members employed by us that from time to time may require disclosure in the proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
transactions with old dominion truck leasing, inc.
from time to time, we have utilized the services of old dominion truck leasing, inc. ("leasing"), leased property to leasing, and collaborated with leasing for the purchase of certain equipment and fuel. leasing, which historically had been primarily engaged in the business of leasing tractors, trailers and other vehicles as well as providing contract dedicated fleet services, was acquired by penske truck leasing during the third quarter of 2017 (the "penske acquisition"). prior to the penske acquisition, john r. congdon, jr. served as leasing's chairman of the board and ceo, and earl e. congdon and david s. congdon each served on leasing's board of directors.
our business relationships with leasing, as well as the positions held at leasing by john r. congdon, jr., earl e. congdon and david s. congdon, ceased in the third quarter of 2017 in connection with the penske acquisition. prior to the penske acquisition, we purchased $110,000, $254,000 and $313,000 of maintenance and other services from leasing in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in addition, we received $6,000, $12,000 and $12,000 from leasing for the rental of property in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
audit committee approval the audit committee of our board of directors reviewed and approved all of the related person transactions described above in accordance with our related person transactions policy.