item 1a.    risk factors our investors should consider the following risks that could affect us and our business. although we have tried to identify key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. new risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. investors should consider carefully the following discussion of risks and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, including "forward-looking statements," which are included in part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our gathering and transportation pipeline systems are connected to, and dependent on the level of production from, natural gas and crude oil wells, from which production will naturally decline over time. as a result, our cash flows associated with these wells will also decline over time. in order to maintain or increase throughput levels on our gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the asset utilization rates at our processing and fractionation plants, we must continually obtain new supplies. our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. our natural gas and ngl supply volumes may be impacted if producers curtail or redirect drilling and production activities. drilling and production are impacted by factors beyond our control, including:
•   producers' access to capital;
•   producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits in a timely and economic manner;
•   capacity constraints on natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids infrastructure from the producing areas and our facilities.
commodity prices have experienced significant volatility. drilling and production activity levels may vary across our geographic areas; however, a prolonged period of low commodity prices may reduce drilling and production activities across all areas. if we are not able to obtain new supplies to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells or because of competition, throughput on our gathering and transportation pipeline systems and the utilization rates of our processing and fractionation facilities would decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows, and our ability to pay cash dividends.
the discovery of nonconventional natural gas production areas near certain market areas that we serve may compete with natural gas originating in production areas connected to our systems. for example, the marcellus shale in pennsylvania, new york, west virginia and ohio may cause natural gas in supply areas connected to our systems to be diverted to markets other than our traditional market areas and may affect capacity utilization adversely on our pipeline systems and our ability to renew or replace existing contracts at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows. in addition, supply volumes from these nonconventional natural gas production areas may compete with and displace volumes from the mid-continent, permian, rocky mountains and canadian supply sources in certain of our markets. in our natural gas gathering and processing segment, the development of these new nonconventional reserves could move drilling rigs from our current service areas to other areas, which may reduce demand for our services. in our natural gas pipelines segment, the displacement of natural gas originating in supply areas connected to our pipeline systems by these new supply sources that are closer to the end-use markets could result in lower transportation revenues, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the volatility of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices could affect adversely our earnings and cash flows.
a significant portion of our revenues are derived from the sale of commodities that are received in conjunction with natural gas gathering and processing services, the transportation and storage of natural gas, and from the purchase and sale of ngls and ngl products. commodity prices have been volatile and are likely to continue to be so in the future. the prices we receive for our commodities are subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   overall domestic and global economic conditions;
•   the availability and cost of third-party transportation, natural gas processing and fractionation capacity;
•   geopolitical conditions impacting supply and demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   weather conditions;
•   the price and availability of alternative fuels;
•   speculation in the commodity futures markets;
•   the impact of new supplies, new pipelines, processing and fractionation facilities on location price differentials; and
these external factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it difficult to reliably estimate future prices of commodities and the impact commodity price fluctuations have on our customers and their need for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows. as commodity prices decline, we could be paid less for our commodities, thereby reducing our cash flows. in addition, crude oil, natural gas and ngl production could also decline due to lower prices.
market volatility and capital availability could affect adversely our business.
the capital and global credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption in the past. in many cases during these periods, the capital markets have exerted downward pressure on equity values and reduced the credit capacity for certain companies. much of our business is capital intensive, and our ability to grow is dependent, in part, upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. similar or more severe levels of global market disruption and volatility may have an adverse effect on us resulting from, but not limited to, disruption of our access to capital and credit markets, difficulty in obtaining financing necessary to expand facilities or acquire assets, increased financing costs and increasingly restrictive covenants. if we are unable to access capital at competitive rates, our strategy of enhancing the earnings potential of our existing assets, including through capital-growth projects and acquisitions of complementary assets or businesses, may be affected adversely. a number of factors could affect adversely our ability to access capital, including: (i) general economic conditions; (ii) capital market conditions; (iii) market prices for natural gas, ngls and other hydrocarbons; (iv) the overall health of the energy and related industries; (v) ability to maintain investment-grade credit ratings; (vi) share price and (vii) capital structure. if our ability to access capital becomes constrained significantly, our interest costs and cost of equity will likely increase and could affect adversely our financial condition and future results of operations.
our operating results may be affected materially and adversely by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the crude oil and natural gas industry, as well as in the specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in reduced demand and increased price competition for our products and services. our operating results in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region. volatility in commodity prices may have an impact on many of our customers, which, in turn, could have a negative impact on their ability to meet their obligations to us. if global economic and market conditions (including volatility in commodity markets) or economic conditions in the united states or other key markets remain uncertain or persist, spread or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
increased competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on our business.
the natural gas and natural gas liquids industries are expected to remain highly competitive. the demand for natural gas and ngls is primarily a function of commodity prices, including prices for alternative energy sources, customer usage rates, weather, economic conditions and service costs. our ability to compete also depends on a number of other factors, including competition from other companies for our existing customers; the efficiency, quality and reliability of the services we provide; and competition for throughput at our gathering systems, pipelines, processing plants, fractionators and storage facilities.
increased regulation of exploration and production activities, including hydraulic fracturing and disposal of waste water, could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new crude oil and natural gas wells, which could impact adversely our earnings by decreasing the volumes of natural gas and ngls transported on our or our joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines.
the natural gas industry is relying increasingly on natural gas supplies from nonconventional sources, such as shale and tight sands. natural gas extracted from these sources frequently requires hydraulic fracturing, which involves the pressurized injection of water, sand and chemicals into a geologic formation to stimulate natural gas production. legislation or regulations placing restrictions on hydraulic fracturing activities, including waste-water disposal, could impose operational delays, increased operating costs and additional regulatory burdens on exploration and production operators, which could reduce their production of unprocessed natural gas and, in turn, affect adversely our revenues and results of operations by decreasing the volumes of unprocessed natural gas and ngls gathered, treated, processed, fractionated and transported on our or our joint ventures' natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, several of which gather unprocessed natural gas from areas where the use of hydraulic fracturing is prevalent.
in the competition for supply, we may have significant levels of excess capacity on our natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets.
our natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage assets compete with other pipelines, processing, fractionation and storage facilities for natural gas and ngl supply delivered to the markets we serve. as a result of competition, we may have significant levels of uncontracted or discounted capacity on our pipelines, processing, fractionation and in our storage assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we may not be able to replace, extend or add additional contracted volumes on favorable terms, or at all, which could affect our financial condition, the amount of cash available to pay dividends and our ability to grow.
although many of our customers and suppliers are subject to long-term contracts, if we are unable to replace or extend such contracts, add additional customers and suppliers or otherwise increase the contracted volumes of natural gas and ngls provided to us by current producers, in each case on favorable terms, if at all, our financial condition, growth plans and the amount of cash available to pay dividends could be affected adversely. our ability to replace, extend or add additional customer or supplier contracts, or increase contracted volumes of natural gas and ngls from current producers, on favorable terms, or at all, is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including:
•   the level of existing and new competition in our businesses or from alternative fuel sources, such as electricity, coal, fuel oils or nuclear energy;
•   natural gas and ngl prices, demand, availability; and
we may face opposition to the construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from various groups.
we may face opposition to the construction or operation of our pipelines and facilities from environmental groups, landowners, tribal groups, local groups and other advocates. such opposition could take many forms, including organized protests, attempts to block or sabotage our construction activities or operations, intervention in regulatory or administrative proceedings involving our assets, or lawsuits or other actions designed to prevent, disrupt or delay the construction or operation of our assets and business. for example, repairing our pipelines often involves securing consent from individual landowners to access their property; one or more landowners may resist our efforts to make needed repairs, which could lead to an interruption in the operation of the affected pipeline or facility for a period of time that is significantly longer than would have otherwise been the case. in addition, acts of sabotage or terrorism could cause significant damage or injury to people, property or the environment or lead to extended interruptions of our operations. any such event that delays or interrupts the construction of assets or
revenues generated by our existing operations, or which causes us to make significant expenditures not covered by insurance, could affect adversely our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our share price.
growing our business by constructing new pipelines and plants or making modifications to our existing facilities subjects us to construction risk and supply risks, should adequate natural gas or ngl supply be unavailable upon completion of the facilities.
one of the ways we may grow our businesses is through the construction of new pipelines and new gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities and through modifications to our existing pipelines and existing gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities. the construction and modification of pipelines and gathering, processing, storage and fractionation facilities may face the following risks:
•   projects may require significant capital expenditures, which may exceed our estimates, and involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political, legal and weather-related uncertainties;
•   our revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time, and we will not receive any material increases in revenues until after completion of the project;
•   we may have only limited natural gas or ngl supply committed to these facilities prior to their construction;
•   we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which anticipated production growth does not materialize;
•   we may rely on estimates of proved reserves in our decision to construct new pipelines and facilities, which may prove to be inaccurate because there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved reserves; and
•   we may be required to rely on third parties downstream of our facilities to have available capacity for our delivered natural gas or ngls, which may not yet be operational.
as a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough natural gas or ngls to achieve our expected investment return, which could affect materially and adversely our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation plants. operating risks include, but are not limited to, leaks, pipeline ruptures, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes and the performance of pipeline facilities below expected levels of capacity and efficiency. other operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions include adverse weather conditions, accidents, explosions, fires, the collision of equipment with our pipeline facilities (for example, this may occur if a third party were to perform excavation or construction work near our facilities) and catastrophic events such as tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods or other similar events beyond our control. it is also possible that our facilities could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism. a casualty occurrence might result in injury or loss of life, extensive property damage or environmental damage. liabilities incurred and interruptions to the operations of our pipeline or other facilities caused by such an event could reduce revenues generated by us and increase expenses, thereby impairing our ability to meet our obligations. insurance proceeds may not be adequate to cover all liabilities or expenses incurred or revenues lost, and we are not fully insured against all risks inherent to our business.
as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. consequently, we may not be able to renew existing insurance policies or purchase other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. further, the proceeds of any such insurance may not be paid in a timely manner and may be insufficient if such an event were to occur.
our ability to maintain and grow our dividends paid to our shareholders depends on the growth of our existing businesses and strategic acquisitions. our ability to make strategic acquisitions and investments will depend on:
•   the extent to which acquisitions and investment opportunities become available;
•   our success in bidding for the opportunities that do become available;
•   regulatory approval, if required, of the acquisitions or investments on favorable terms; and
•   our access to capital, including our ability to use our equity in acquisitions or investments, and the terms upon which we obtain capital.
our ability to develop and execute growth projects will depend on our ability to implement business development opportunities and finance such activities on economically acceptable terms.
if we are unable to make strategic acquisitions and investments, integrate successfully businesses that we acquire with our existing business, or develop and execute our growth projects, our future growth will be limited, which could impact adversely our results of operations and cash flows and, accordingly, result in reduced cash dividends over time.
acquisitions that appear to be accretive may nevertheless reduce our cash from operations on a per-share basis.
any acquisition involves potential risks that may include, among other things:
•   an inability to integrate successfully the businesses we acquire;
•   decrease in our liquidity as a result of our using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition;
•   a significant increase in our interest expense and/or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance the acquisition;
•   the assumption of unknown liabilities for which we are not indemnified, our indemnity is inadequate or our insurance policies may exclude from coverage;
•   an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate the acquired business and assets;
•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller;
•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt;
if we consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and investors will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our resources to future acquisitions.
mergers between our customers, suppliers and competitors could result in lower volumes being gathered, processed, fractionated, transported or stored on our assets, thereby reducing the amount of cash we generate.
mergers between our existing customers, suppliers and our competitors could provide strong economic incentives for the combined entities to utilize their existing gathering, processing, fractionation and/or transportation systems instead of ours in those markets where the systems compete. as a result, we could lose some or all of the volumes and associated revenues from these counterparties, and we could experience difficulty in replacing those lost volumes. because most of our operating costs are fixed, a reduction in volumes could result not only in lower net income but also in a decline in cash flows, which would reduce our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders.
we do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, and we lease certain facilities and equipment, which could disrupt our operations.
we do not own all of the land on which certain of our pipelines and facilities are located, and we are, therefore, subject to the risk of increased costs to maintain necessary land use. we obtain the rights to construct and operate certain of our pipelines and related facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. our loss of these
rights, through our inability to renew right-of-way contracts on acceptable terms or increased costs to renew such rights, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
terrorist attacks directed at our facilities could affect adversely our business.
the united states government has issued warnings that energy assets, specifically the nation's pipeline infrastructure, may be future targets of terrorist organizations. these developments may subject our operations to increased risks. any future terrorist attack that may target our facilities, those of our customers and, in some cases, those of other pipelines, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
any reduction in our credit ratings could affect materially and adversely our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
our long-term debt and our commercial paper program have been assigned an investment-grade credit rating of "baa3" and prime-3, respectively, by moody's and "bbb" and a-2, respectively, by s&p. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant. specifically, if moody's or s&p were to downgrade our long-term debt or our commercial paper rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which would affect adversely our financial results, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
we may not have sufficient cash each quarter to pay dividends or maintain current or expected levels of dividends. the actual amount of cash we pay in the form of dividends may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including our working capital needs, our ability to borrow, the restrictions contained in our indentures and credit facility, our debt service requirements and the cost of acquisitions, if any. a failure either to pay dividends or to pay dividends at expected levels could result in a loss of investor confidence, reputational damage and a decrease in the value of our stock price.
additionally, the amount of cash that we have available for cash dividends depends primarily upon our cash flows, including cash flows from financial reserves and working capital borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by noncash items such as depreciation, amortization and provisions for asset impairments. as a result, we may be able to pay cash dividends during periods when we record losses and may not be able to pay cash dividends during periods when we record net income.
we are exposed to the credit risk of our customers or counterparties, and our credit risk management may not be adequate to protect against such risk.
we are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment and/or nonperformance by our customers and counterparties. our customers or counterparties may experience rapid deterioration of their financial condition as a result of changing market conditions, commodity prices or financial difficulties that could impact their creditworthiness or ability to pay us for our services. we assess the creditworthiness of our customers and counterparties and obtain collateral or contractual terms as we deem appropriate. we cannot, however, predict to what extent our business may be impacted by deteriorating market or financial conditions, including possible declines in our customers' and counterparties' creditworthiness. our customers and counterparties may not perform or adhere to our existing or future contractual arrangements. to the extent our customers and counterparties are in financial distress or commence bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with them may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the united states bankruptcy code. if we fail to assess adequately the creditworthiness of existing or future customers and counterparties any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our
customers and counterparties due to inability or unwillingness to perform or adhere to contractual arrangements could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders.
our primary market areas are located in the mid-continent, rocky mountain, permian basin and gulf coast regions of the u.s. our counterparties are primarily major integrated and independent exploration and production, pipeline, marketing and petrochemical companies. therefore our customers and counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other factors that may affect our overall credit risk.
we have developed and implemented a comprehensive set of policies and procedures that involve both our senior management and our audit committee to assist us in managing risks associated with, among other things, the marketing, trading and risk-management activities associated with our business segments. our risk-management policies and procedures are intended to align strategies, processes, people, information technology and business knowledge so that risk is managed throughout the organization. as conditions change and become more complex, current risk measures may fail to assess adequately the relevant risk due to changes in the market and the presence of risks previously unknown to us. additionally, if employees fail to adhere to our policies and procedures or if our policies and procedures are not effective, potentially because of future conditions or risks outside of our control, we may be exposed to greater risk than we had intended. ineffective risk-management policies and procedures or violation of risk-management policies and procedures could have an adverse effect on our earnings, financial position or cash flows.
our businesses are subject to market and credit risks.
we are exposed to market and credit risks in all of our operations. to reduce the impact of commodity price fluctuations, we may use derivative instruments, such as swaps, puts, futures and forwards, to hedge anticipated purchases and sales of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and firm transportation commitments. interest-rate swaps are also used to manage interest-rate risk. however, derivative instruments do not eliminate the risks. specifically, such risks include commodity price changes, market supply shortages, interest-rate changes and counterparty default. the impact of these variables could result in our inability to fulfill contractual obligations, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales contracts, or increased interest expense.
we do not hedge fully against commodity price changes, seasonal price differentials, product price differentials or location price differentials. this could result in decreased revenues, increased costs and lower margins, affecting adversely our results of operations.
certain of our businesses are exposed to market risk and the impact of market fluctuations in natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices. market risk refers to the risk of loss of cash flows and future earnings arising from adverse changes in commodity prices. our primary commodity price exposures arise from:
•   the value of the commodities sold under pop with fee contracts of which we retain a portion of the sales proceeds;
•   the price differentials between the individual ngl products with respect to our ngl transportation and fractionation agreements;
•   the location price differentials in the price of natural gas and ngls with respect to our natural gas and ngl transportation businesses;
to manage the risk from market price fluctuations in natural gas, ngls and crude oil prices, we may use derivative instruments such as swaps, puts, futures, forwards and options. however, we do not hedge fully against commodity price changes, and we therefore retain some exposure to market risk. accordingly, any adverse changes to commodity prices could result in decreased revenue and increased costs.
our use of financial instruments and physical forward transactions to hedge market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations may result in reduced income.
we utilize financial instruments and physical forward transactions to mitigate our exposure to interest rate and commodity price fluctuations. hedging instruments that are used to reduce our exposure to interest-rate fluctuations could expose us to risk of
financial loss where we may contract for variable-rate swap instruments to hedge fixed-rate instruments and the variable rate exceeds the fixed rate. in addition, these hedging arrangements may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if we had contracted for fixed-rate swap agreements to hedge variable-rate instruments and the variable rate falls below the fixed rate. hedging arrangements for forecasted sales are used to reduce our exposure to commodity price fluctuations and limit the benefit we would otherwise receive if market prices for natural gas, crude oil and ngls exceed the stated price in the hedge instrument for these commodities.
we use both fixed and variable rate debt, and we are exposed to market risk due to the floating interest rates on our short-term borrowings. from time to time we use interest-rate derivatives to hedge interest obligations on specific debt issuances, including anticipated debt issuances. these hedges may be ineffective, and our results of operations, cash flows and financial position could be affected adversely by significant fluctuations in interest rates from current levels.
demand for natural gas and for certain of our ngl products and services is highly weather sensitive and seasonal.
the demand for natural gas and for certain of our ngl products, such as propane, is weather sensitive and seasonal, with a portion of revenues derived from sales for heating during the winter months. weather conditions influence directly the volume of, among other things, natural gas and propane delivered to customers. deviations in weather from normal levels and the seasonal nature of certain of our segments can create variations in earnings and short-term cash requirements.
a breach of information security, including a cybersecurity attack, or failure of one or more key information technology or operational systems, or those of third parties, may affect adversely our operations, financial results or reputation.
our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. the various uses of these it systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to:
•   controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (scada);
•   complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements;
•   providing data security; and
if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. our financial results could also be affected adversely if an employee causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. in addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws, employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect.
due to increased technology advances, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. we use software to help manage and operate our businesses, and this may subject us to increased risks. in recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation and a loss of customers or revenues. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors,
including personnel, customer and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such event. although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyberthreats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities.
cyberattacks against us or others in our industry could result in additional regulations. current efforts by the federal government, such as the improving critical infrastructure cybersecurity executive order, and any potential future regulations could lead to increased regulatory compliance costs, insurance coverage cost or capital expenditures. we cannot predict the potential impact to our business or the energy industry resulting from additional regulations.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report accurately our financial results or prevent fraud. as a result, current and potential holders of our equity and debt securities could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and cost of capital.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. we cannot be certain that our efforts to maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to continue to comply with our obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. any failure to maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our equity interests.
pipeline safety laws and regulations may impose significant costs and liabilities.
pipeline safety legislation that was signed into law in 2012, the 2011 pipeline safety act, directed the secretary of transportation to promulgate new safety regulations for natural gas and hazardous liquids pipelines, including expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, testing to confirm the material strength of certain pipelines and operator verification of records confirming the maximum allowable pressure of certain gas transmission pipelines. the 2011 pipeline safety act also increased the maximum penalty for violation of pipeline safety regulations from $100,000 to $200,000 per violation per day and also from $1 million to $2 million for a related series of violations.
the 2011 pipeline safety act, the protecting our infrastructure of pipelines and enhancing safety act or rules implementing such acts could cause us to incur capital and operating expenditures for pipeline replacements or repairs, additional monitoring equipment or more frequent inspections or testing of our pipeline facilities, preventive or mitigating measures and other tasks that could result in higher operating costs or capital expenditures as necessary to comply with such standards, which costs could be significant.
compliance with environmental regulations that we are subject to may be difficult and costly.
we are subject to multiple federal, state, local and/or tribal historical preservation and environmental laws and/or regulations that affect many aspects of our present and future operations. regulated activities include, but are not limited to, those involving air emissions, storm water and wastewater discharges, handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, wetlands and waterways preservation, cultural resources protection, hazardous materials transportation, and pipeline and facility construction. these laws and regulations require us to obtain and/or comply with a wide variety of environmental clearances, registrations, licenses, permits and other approvals. failure to comply with these laws, regulations, licenses and permits may expose us to fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could be material to our results of operations. for example, if a leak or spill of hazardous substances or petroleum products occurs from our pipelines or facilities that we own, operate or otherwise use, we could be held jointly and severally liable for all resulting liabilities, including response, investigation and clean-up costs, which could affect materially our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, emissions controls and/or other regulatory or permitting mandates under the federal clean air act and other similar federal and state laws could require unexpected capital expenditures at our facilities. we cannot assure that existing environmental statutes and regulations will not be revised or that new regulations will not be adopted or become applicable to
us. revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
our operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities.
the risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into, or otherwise relating to the protection of, the environment. examples of these laws include:
•   the clean water act and analogous state laws that regulate discharge of wastewater from our facilities to state and federal waters;
•   the federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla) and analogous state laws that regulate the cleanup of hazardous substances that may have been released at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us or locations to which we have sent waste for disposal; and
•   the federal resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws that impose requirements for the handling and discharge of solid and hazardous waste from our facilities.
various federal and state governmental authorities, including the epa, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them. violators are subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including civil fines, injunctions or both. joint and several, strict liability may be incurred without regard to fault under the cercla, resource conservation and recovery act and analogous state laws for the remediation of contaminated areas.
there is an inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in our business due to our handling of the products we gather, transport, process and store, air emissions related to our operations, past industry operations and waste disposal practices, some of which may be material. private parties, including the owners of properties through which our pipeline systems pass, may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage arising from our operations. some sites we operate are located near current or former third-party hydrocarbon storage and processing operations, and there is a risk that contamination has migrated from those sites to ours. in addition, increasingly strict laws, regulations and enforcement policies could increase significantly our compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary, some of which may be material. additional information is included under item 1, business, under "regulatory, environmental and safety matters" and in note o of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against us. our business may be affected materially and adversely by increased costs due to stricter pollution-control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with required operating or other regulatory permits. new or revised environmental regulations might also affect materially and adversely our products and activities, and federal and state agencies could impose additional safety requirements, all of which could affect materially our profitability.
we may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of ghg emissions.
ghg emissions originate primarily from combustion engine exhaust, heater exhaust and fugitive methane gas emissions. international, federal, regional and/or state legislative and/or regulatory initiatives may attempt to control or limit ghg emissions, including initiatives directed at issues associated with climate change. various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of ghgs, particularly carbon dioxide and methane, and the united states supreme court has ruled that carbon dioxide is a pollutant subject to regulation by the epa. in addition, there have been international efforts seeking legally binding reductions in emissions of ghgs.
we believe it is likely that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may require us either to limit ghg emissions associated with our operations or to purchase allowances for such emissions. however, we cannot predict precisely what form these future regulations will take, the stringency of the regulations or when they will become effective. several legislative bills have been introduced in the united states congress that would require carbon dioxide emission reductions. previously considered proposals have included, among other things, limitations on the amount of ghgs that can be emitted (so called "caps") together with systems of permitted emissions allowances. these proposals could require us to reduce emissions, even though the technology is not currently available for efficient reduction, or to purchase allowances for such emissions. emissions also could be taxed independently of limits.
in addition to activities on the federal level, state and regional initiatives could also lead to the regulation of ghg emissions sooner than and/or independent of federal regulation. these regulations could be more stringent than any federal legislation that may be adopted.
future legislation and/or regulation designed to reduce ghg emissions could make some of our activities uneconomic to maintain or operate. further, we may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to complying with ghg regulatory requirements. our future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition could be affected adversely if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates or otherwise passed on to our customers.
we continue to monitor legislative and regulatory developments in this area and otherwise take efforts to limit ghg emissions from our facilities, including methane. although the regulation of ghg emissions may have a material impact on our operations and rates, we believe it is premature to attempt to quantify the potential costs of the impacts.
we may be subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change.
there is a belief that emissions of ghgs is linked to global climate change. climate change creates physical and financial risk. our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. to the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. a decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition, through decreased revenues. extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. weather conditions outside of our operating territory could also have an impact on our revenues. severe weather impacts our operating territories primarily through hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornados and snow or ice storms. to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. we may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could affect negatively our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less favorable terms and conditions in future financings. our business could be affected by the potential for lawsuits against ghg emitters, based on links drawn between ghg emissions and climate change.
if production from the western canada sedimentary basin remains flat or declines and demand for natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin is greater in market areas other than the midwestern united states, demand for our interstate transportation services could decrease significantly.
we depend on a portion of natural gas supply from the western canada sedimentary basin for some of our interstate pipelines, primarily viking gas transmission and our investment in northern border pipeline, that transport canadian natural gas from the western canada sedimentary basin to the midwestern united states market area. if demand for natural gas increases in canada or other markets not served by our pipelines and/or production remains flat or declines, demand for transportation service on our interstate natural gas pipelines could decrease significantly, which could impact adversely our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
•   rates, operating terms and conditions of service;
•   construction of new facilities;
•   the integrity, safety and security of facilities and operations;
•   acquisition, extension or abandonment of services or facilities;
•   relationships with affiliate companies involved in all aspects of the natural gas and energy businesses.
compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome. future changes to laws, regulations and policies in these areas may impair our ability to compete for business or to recover costs and may increase the cost and burden of operations.
we cannot guarantee that state or federal regulators will authorize any projects or acquisitions that we may propose in the future. moreover, there can be no guarantee that, if granted, any such authorizations will be made in a timely manner or will be free from potentially burdensome conditions.
failure to comply with all applicable state or federal statutes, rules and regulations and orders could bring substantial penalties and fines. for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, the ferc has civil penalty authority under the natural gas act to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation.
finally, we cannot give any assurance regarding future state or federal regulations under which we will operate or the effect such regulations could have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
under current policy, the ferc permits interstate pipelines that are subject to cost of service regulation to include an income tax allowance when calculating their regulated rates. the ferc's income tax allowance policy has been the subject of challenge, and we cannot predict whether the ferc or a reviewing court will alter the existing policy. for example, on july 1, 2016, the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit issued a decision that calls into question a decade of ferc policy and precedent permitting regulated companies organized as pass-through entities for income tax purposes to include an allowance for income taxes in their rates. the court has remanded the case to the ferc to allow it to have an opportunity to provide a reasoned basis for its decision on income tax allowances for partnership pipelines. the ferc has issued a notice of inquiry seeking comments on proposed methods to adjust ferc's income tax policy. comments were due in march 2017, but additional comments continue to be filed. if the ferc's policy were to change and if the ferc were to disallow a substantial portion of our pipelines' income tax allowance, our regulated rates, and therefore our revenues and ability to make quarterly cash dividends to our shareholders, could be affected adversely.
the tax cuts and jobs act may reduce future tariff rates charged on our regulated pipelines. if in the future the ferc or other regulatory bodies were to require a refund of previously collected amounts on our regulated pipelines related to this tax legislation, then we may be required to record a regulatory liability through a one-time charge to expense, which could be material.
if we were permitted to raise our tariff rates for a particular pipeline, there might be significant delay between the time the tariff rate increase is approved and the time that the rate increase actually goes into effect. furthermore, competition from other pipeline systems may prevent us from raising our tariff rates even if regulatory agencies permit us to do so. the regulatory agencies that regulate our systems periodically implement new rules, regulations and terms and conditions of services subject to their jurisdiction. new initiatives or orders may affect adversely the rates charged for our services.
finally, shippers may protest our pipeline tariff filings, and the ferc and or state regulatory agency may investigate tariff rates. further, the ferc may order refunds of amounts collected under newly filed rates that are determined by the ferc to be in excess of a just and reasonable level. in addition, shippers may challenge by complaint the lawfulness of tariff rates that have become final and effective. the ferc and/or state regulatory agencies also may investigate tariff rates absent shipper complaint. any finding that approved rates exceed a just and reasonable level on the natural gas pipelines would take effect prospectively. in a complaint proceeding challenging natural gas liquids pipeline rates, if the ferc determines existing rates exceed a just and reasonable level, it could require the payment of reparations to complaining shippers for up to two years prior to the complaint. any such action by the ferc or a comparable action by a state regulatory agency could affect adversely our pipeline businesses' ability to charge rates that would cover future increases in costs, or even to continue to collect rates that cover current costs, and provide for a reasonable return. we can provide no assurance that our pipeline systems will be able to recover all of their costs through existing or future rates.
federal, state and local agencies have jurisdiction over many of our activities, including regulation by the ferc of our interstate pipeline assets. the profitability of our regulated operations is dependent on our ability to pass through costs related
to providing energy and other commodities to our customers by filing periodic rate cases. the regulatory environment applicable to our regulated businesses could impair our ability to recover costs historically absorbed by our customers.
we are unable to predict the impact that the future regulatory activities of these agencies will have on our operating results. changes in regulations or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
accounting policies for ferc-regulated companies permit certain assets that result from the regulated rate-making process to be recorded on our balance sheet that could not be recorded under gaap for nonregulated entities. we consider factors such as regulatory changes and the impact of competition to determine the probability of future recovery of these assets. if we determine future recovery is no longer probable, we would be required to write off the regulatory assets at that time.
some of our nonregulated operations, which include our natural gas gathering and processing segment, much of our natural gas liquids segment and a portion of our natural gas pipelines segment, have a higher level of risk than our regulated operations, which includes a portion of our natural gas pipelines segment and a portion of our natural gas liquids segment. we expect to continue investing in natural gas and natural gas liquids projects and other related projects, some or all of which may involve nonregulated businesses or assets. these projects could involve risks associated with operational factors, such as competition and dependence on certain suppliers and customers; and financial, economic and political factors, such as rapid and significant changes in commodity prices, the cost and availability of capital and counterparty risk, including the inability of a counterparty, customer or supplier to fulfill a contractual obligation.
a shortage of skilled labor may make it difficult for us to maintain labor productivity and competitive costs, which could affect operations and cash flows available for dividends to our shareholders.
our operations require skilled and experienced workers with proficiency in multiple tasks. in recent years, a shortage of workers trained in various skills associated with the midstream energy business has caused us to conduct certain operations without full staff, thus hiring outside resources, which may decrease productivity and increase costs. this shortage of trained workers is the result of experienced workers reaching retirement age and increased competition for workers in certain areas, combined with the difficulty of attracting new workers to the midstream energy industry. this shortage of skilled labor could continue over an extended period. if the shortage of experienced labor continues or worsens, it could have an adverse impact on our labor productivity and costs and our ability to expand production in the event there is an increase in the demand for our products and services, which could affect adversely our operations and cash flows available for dividends to our shareholders.
we are subject to strict regulations at many of our facilities regarding employee safety, and failure to comply with these regulations could affect adversely our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
the workplaces associated with our facilities are subject to the requirements of osha and comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. the failure to comply with osha requirements or general industry standards, including keeping adequate records or monitoring occupational exposure to regulated substances, could expose us to civil or criminal liability, enforcement actions, and regulatory fines and penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
measurement adjustments on our pipeline system may be impacted materially by changes in estimation, type of commodity and other factors.
natural gas and natural gas liquids measurement adjustments occur as part of the normal operating conditions associated with our assets. the quantification and resolution of measurement adjustments are complicated by several factors including: (1) the significant quantities (i.e., thousands) of measurement equipment that we use throughout our natural gas and natural gas liquids systems, primarily around our gathering and processing assets; (2) varying qualities of natural gas in the streams gathered and processed through our systems and the mixed nature of ngls gathered and fractionated; and (3) variances in measurement that are inherent in metering technologies. each of these factors may contribute to measurement adjustments that can occur on our systems, which could negatively affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
many of our pipeline and storage assets are designed as long-lived assets. over time the age of these assets could result in increased maintenance or remediation expenditures and an increased risk of product releases and associated costs and liabilities. any significant increase in these expenditures, costs or liabilities could affect materially and adversely our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, as well as our ability to pay cash dividends.
we participate in several joint ventures. due to the nature of some of these arrangements, each participant in these joint ventures has made substantial investments in the joint venture and, accordingly, has required that the relevant charter documents contain certain features designed to provide each participant with the opportunity to participate in the management of the joint venture and to protect its investment, as well as any other assets that may be substantially dependent on or otherwise affected by the activities of that joint venture. these participation and protective features customarily include a corporate governance structure that requires at least a majority-in-interest vote to authorize many basic activities and requires a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100 percent) to authorize more significant activities. examples of these more significant activities are large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, transactions with affiliates of a joint-venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business, among others. thus, without the concurrence of joint-venture participants with enough voting interests, we may be unable to cause any of our joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions, even though those actions may be in the best interest of us or the particular joint venture.
moreover, any joint-venture owner generally may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint-venture owners. any such transaction could result in us being required to partner with different or additional parties.
we do not operate all of our joint-venture assets nor do we employ directly all of the persons responsible for providing us with administrative, operating and management services. this reliance on others to operate joint-venture assets and to provide other services could affect adversely our business and operating results.
we rely on others to provide administrative, operating and management services for certain of our joint-venture assets. we have a limited ability to control the operations and the associated costs of such operations. the success of these operations depends on a number of factors that are outside our control, including the competence and financial resources of the provider. some or all of these services may be outsourced to third parties, and a failure to perform by these third-party providers could lead to delays in or interruptions of these services. we may have to contract elsewhere for these services, which may cost more than we are currently paying. in addition, we may not be able to obtain the same level or kind of service or retain or receive the services in a timely manner, which may impact our ability to perform under our contracts and negatively affect our business and operating results. our reliance on others to operate joint-venture assets, together with our limited ability to control certain costs, could harm our business and results of operations.
an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and equity-method investments could reduce our earnings.
goodwill is recorded when the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets. gaap requires us to test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. for the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. for example, if a low commodity price environment persisted for a prolonged period, it could result in lower volumes delivered to our systems and impairments of our assets or equity-method investments. if we determine that an impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate noncash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by consolidated debt to total capitalization.
our indebtedness and guarantee obligations could impair our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations.
•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to senior notes and other indebtedness due to the increased debt-service obligations, which could, in turn, result in an event of default on such other indebtedness or the senior notes;
•   impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general business purposes;
•   diminish our ability to withstand a downturn in our business or the economy;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to debt-service payments, reducing the availability of cash for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends or general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have proportionately less debt and fewer guarantee obligations.
we are not prohibited under the indentures governing the senior notes from incurring additional indebtedness, but our debt agreements do subject us to certain operational limitations summarized in the next paragraph. if we incur significant additional indebtedness, it could worsen the negative consequences mentioned above and could affect adversely our ability to repay our other indebtedness.
our revolving debt agreements with banks contain provisions that restrict our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to expand or pursue our business activities. for example, certain of these agreements contain provisions that, among other things, limit our ability to make loans or investments, make material changes to the nature of our business, merge, consolidate or engage in asset sales, grant liens or make negative pledges. certain agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios, which limit the amount of additional indebtedness we can incur, as described in the "liquidity and capital resources" section of part ii, item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation. these restrictions could result in higher costs of borrowing and impair our ability to generate additional cash. future financing agreements we may enter into may contain similar or more restrictive covenants.
if we are unable to meet our debt-service obligations, we could be forced to restructure or refinance our indebtedness, seek additional equity capital or sell assets. we may be unable to obtain financing or sell assets on satisfactory terms, or at all.
the right to receive payments on our outstanding debt securities and subsidiary guarantees is unsecured and will be effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured indebtedness as well as to any existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes.
our debt securities are effectively subordinated to claims of our secured creditors, and the guarantees are effectively subordinated to the claims of our secured creditors as well as the secured creditors of our subsidiary guarantors. although many of our operating subsidiaries have guaranteed such debt securities, the guarantees are subject to release under certain circumstances, and we may have subsidiaries that are not guarantors. in that case, the debt securities effectively would be subordinated to the claims of all creditors, including trade creditors and tort claimants, of our subsidiaries that are not guarantors. in the event of the insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or winding up of the business of a subsidiary that is not a guarantor, creditors of that subsidiary would generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to us or the holders of the debt securities.
an event of default may require us to offer to repurchase certain of our and oneok partners' senior notes or may impair our ability to access capital.
the indentures governing certain of our and oneok partners' senior notes include an event of default upon the acceleration of other indebtedness of $15 million or more for certain of our senior notes or $100 million or more for certain of our senior notes and oneok partners' senior notes. such events of default would entitle the trustee or the holders of 25 percent in aggregate principal amount of oneok partners' outstanding senior notes to declare those senior notes immediately due and payable in full. we may not have sufficient cash on hand to repurchase and repay any accelerated senior notes, which may cause us to borrow money under our credit facility or seek alternative financing sources to finance the repurchases and repayment. we could also face difficulties accessing capital or our borrowing costs could increase, impacting our ability to obtain financing for acquisitions or capital expenditures, to refinance indebtedness and to fulfill our debt obligations.
various applicable fraudulent conveyance laws have been enacted for the protection of creditors. in connection with the closing of the merger transaction, oneok, oneok partners and the intermediate partnership issued cross guarantees for our and oneok partners' senior notes, borrowings under the $2.5 billion credit agreement and the term loan agreement and our commercial paper. a court may use fraudulent conveyance laws to subordinate or avoid the cross guarantees of certain of our and oneok partners' indebtedness. it is also possible that under certain circumstances, a court could hold that the direct obligations of the guarantor could be superior to the obligations under that cross guarantee.
a court could avoid or subordinate the guarantor's guarantee of our and oneok partners' indebtedness in favor of the guarantor's other debts or liabilities to the extent that the court determined either of the following were true at the time the guarantor issued the guarantee:
•   the guarantor incurred the guarantee with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of its present or future creditors or the guarantor contemplated insolvency with a design to favor one or more creditors to the total or partial exclusion of others; or
•   the guarantor did not receive fair consideration or reasonable equivalent value for issuing the guarantee and, at the time it issued the guarantee, the guarantor:
-   was engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
- intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they matured.
the measure of insolvency for purposes of the foregoing will vary depending upon the law of the relevant jurisdiction. generally, however, an entity would be considered insolvent for purposes of the foregoing if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, were greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets at a fair valuation;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
among other things, a legal challenge of the cross guarantees of our and oneok partners' indebtedness on fraudulent conveyance grounds may focus on the benefits, if any, realized by the guarantor as a result of our and oneok partners' issuance of such debt. to the extent the guarantor's guarantee of our and oneok partners' indebtedness is avoided as a result of fraudulent conveyance or held unenforceable for any other reason, the holders of such debt would cease to have any claim in respect of the guarantee.
the cost of providing pension and postretirement health care benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values and changing demographics and may increase.
we have a defined benefit pension plan for certain employees and postretirement welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees who retire with at least five years of service. the cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, changing demographics, including longer life expectancy of plan participants and their beneficiaries and changes in health care costs. for further discussion of our defined benefit pension plan, see note l of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
any sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have a material adverse effect on the value of our pension and postretirement benefit plan assets. in these circumstances, additional cash contributions to our pension plans may be required, which could impact adversely our business, financial condition and liquidity.
tax risks federal, state and local jurisdictions may challenge our tax return positions.
the positions taken in our federal and state tax return filings require significant judgments, use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts
of deductible and taxable items. despite management's belief that our tax return positions are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by federal, state and local jurisdictions.
the separation of one gas could result in substantial tax liability.
we have received a private letter ruling from the irs substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and/or 368 of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. if the factual assumptions or representations made in the request for the private letter ruling prove to have been inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, then we will not be able to rely on the ruling. furthermore, the irs does not rule on whether a distribution such as the separation satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under section 355 of the code. the private letter ruling was based on representations by us that those requirements were satisfied, and any inaccuracy in those representations could invalidate the ruling. in connection with the separation, we obtained an opinion of outside legal and tax counsel, substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the separation and certain related transactions qualify under sections 355 and 368 of the code. the opinion relies on, among other things, the continuing validity of the private letter ruling and various assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by us which, if inaccurate or incomplete in any material respect, would jeopardize the conclusions reached by such counsel in its opinion. the opinion will not be binding on the irs or the courts, and there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts would not challenge the conclusions stated in the opinion or that any such challenge would not prevail.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with part i, item 1, business, our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
recent developments please refer to the "financial results and operating information" and "liquidity and capital resources" sections of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report for additional information.
merger transaction - on june 30, 2017, we completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding common units of oneok partners that we did not already own at a fixed exchange ratio of 0.985 of a share of our common stock for each oneok partners common unit. we issued 168.9 million shares of our common stock to third-party common unitholders of oneok partners in exchange for all of the 171.5 million outstanding common units of oneok partners that we previously did not own. as a result of the completion of the merger transaction, common units of oneok partners are no longer publicly traded. the change in our ownership interest resulting from the merger transaction was accounted for as an equity transaction, and no gain or loss was recognized in our consolidated statement of income.
business update and market conditions - we operate primarily fee-based businesses in each of our three reportable segments. our consolidated earnings were approximately 90 percent fee-based in 2017, and we expect the same for 2018. in 2017, our natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee revenues averaged 86 cents per mmbtu, compared with an average of 76 cents and 44 cents per mmbtu in the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to our contract restructuring efforts to mitigate commodity price risk and increasing volumes on those contracts with higher contracted fees.
volumes gathered and processed increased across our asset footprint in our natural gas gathering and processing segment in 2017, compared with 2016, as producers experienced improved drilling economics, continued improvements in production due to enhanced completion techniques and more efficient drilling rigs. we connected six third-party natural gas processing plants in our natural gas liquids segment in 2017, which, along with increased supply and ethane recovery, contributed to higher gathered ngl volumes in 2017, compared with 2016. we expect additional ngl volume growth as these plants continue to increase production and recently announced plant connections come online. our fee-based transportation services in our natural gas pipelines segment increased in 2017, compared with 2016, due primarily to higher firm transportation capacity contracted from our westex pipeline expansion.
growth projects - increased producer activity and volume growth across our assets have increased demand for midstream infrastructure. we are responding to this growing demand by constructing assets to meet the needs of natural gas processors and producers across our asset footprint, including the williston, dj, permian and powder river basins and the stack and scoop areas. since june 2017, we have announced approximately $4.2 billion of additional growth projects supported by long-term primarily fee-based contracts, minimum volume commitments and acreage dedications to serve the expected growth and needs of natural gas processors and producers. these projects are outlined in the table below:
additional stack processing capacity                      200 mmcf/d processing capacity through long-term processing services agreement                                                                                 $40   december 2017
30-mile natural gas gathering pipeline wtlpg pipeline expansion                                  120-mile pipeline lateral extension with capacity of 110 mbbl/d in the permian basin                                                                      $160 (b)   third quarter 2018
increases capacity to 250 mbbl/d includes additional ngl gathering system expansions supported by long-term third-party contract canadian valley expansion                                 200 mmcf/d processing plant expansion in the stack area and related gathering infrastructure                                                                  $160   fourth quarter 2018
increases capacity to 400 mmcf/d
20 mbbl/d additional ngl volume supported by acreage dedications, long-term primarily fee-based contracts and minimum volume commitments elk creek pipeline and related infrastructure             900-mile ngl pipeline from the williston basin to the mid-continent region with initial capacity of 240 mbbl/d, and related infrastructure                  $1,400   fourth quarter 2019
anchored by by long-term contracts supported primarily by minimum volume commitments expansion capability up to 400 mbbl/d with additional pump facilities arbuckle ii pipeline                                      530-mile ngl pipeline from the stack area to mont belvieu, texas, with initial capacity up to 400 mbbl/d, and related infrastructure                        $1,360   first quarter 2020
supported by long-term contracts expansion capability up to 1,000 mbbl/d mb-4 fractionator and related infrastructure              125 mbbl/d ngl fractionator in mont belvieu, texas, and related infrastructure, which includes additional ngl storage in mont belvieu                         $575   first quarter 2020
fully contracted with long-term contracts demicks lake plant and related infrastructure             200 mmcf/d processing plant and related infrastructure in the core of the williston basin                                                                     $400   fourth quarter 2019
supported by acreage dedications with long-term primarily fee-based contracts total                                                                                                                                                                                                                 $4,225
(a) excludes capitalized interest/afudc.
ethane opportunity - ethane rejection levels across our system averaged more than 150 mbbl/d in 2017, which is slightly lower than 2016 despite an increase in overall ngl supply volumes. we expect ethane rejection on our system to decrease to approximately 70 mbbl/d by the end of 2018, initially in regions closest to market centers such as the permian basin and mid-continent region, as ethylene producers complete their expansion projects and ngl exporters increase their export volumes. we expect this increase in ethane recovery to have a favorable impact on our financial results.
income taxes - the tax cuts and jobs act makes extensive changes to the u.s. tax laws and includes provisions that, beginning in 2018, reduce the u.s. corporate tax rate to 21 percent from 35 percent, increase expensing for capital investment, limit the interest deduction, and limit the use of net operating losses to offset future taxable income. we consider the aggregate of these changes as positive to our business and continue to expect that we will not pay federal cash income taxes through at least 2021. as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, we recorded a one-time noncash charge to net income through income tax expense of $141.3 million in the fourth quarter 2017, related to revaluation of our deferred tax balances and a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
the tax cuts and jobs act may also impact future tariff rates charged on our regulated pipelines. the tariff rates charged on substantially all of our regulated pipelines have been established through shipper specific negotiation, discounts and negotiated settlements with rate moratoriums, which do not ascribe any specific cost of service elements, including income taxes. as such, we expect future tariff rate changes, if any, related to the change in u.s. corporate tax rate to be established prospectively over time on a similar negotiated basis. if in the future the ferc or other regulatory bodies were to require a refund of previously collected amounts on our regulated pipelines, then we may record a regulatory liability through a one-time charge to expense. for more information, see note m in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
equity issuances - in january 2018, we completed an underwritten public offering of 21.9 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $54.50 per share, generating net proceeds of $1.2 billion. we used the net proceeds from this offering to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes, which included repaying a portion of our outstanding indebtedness. we have satisfied our expected equity financing needs through 2018 and well into 2019.
in july 2017, we established an "at-the-market" equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of our common stock up to an aggregate amount of $1 billion. the program allows us to offer and sell our common stock at prices we deem appropriate through a sales agent. sales of our common stock may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the nyse, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed to between us and the sales agent. we are under no obligation to offer and sell common stock under the program. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we sold 8.4 million shares of common stock through our "at-the-market" equity program that resulted in net proceeds of $448.3 million.
dividends - during 2017, we paid dividends totaling $2.72 per share, an increase of 11 percent from the $2.46 per share paid in 2016. in february 2018, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share ($3.08 per share on an annualized basis), an increase of 25 percent compared with the same period in the prior year. we expect 85 to 95 percent of our 2018 dividend payments to investors to be a return of capital. our dividend growth is due to the increase in cash flows resulting from the merger transaction and the continued growth of our operations.
revenues commodity sales                                                             $9,862.7                $6,858.5                $6,098.3               $3,004.2                44   %            $760.2                 12   %
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of items shown separately below)           9,538.0                 6,496.1                 5,641.1                3,041.9                47   %             855.0                 15   %
equity in net earnings from investments                                       $159.3                  $139.7                  $125.3                  $19.6                14   %             $14.4                 11   %
impairment of equity investments                                               $(4.3    )                 $-                 $(180.6    )              $4.3                 *               $(180.6     )         (100   )%
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                                $(485.7    )            $(469.7    )            $(416.8    )             $16.0                 3   %             $52.9                 13   %
adjusted ebitda                                                             $1,986.9                $1,849.9                $1,579.5                 $137.0                 7   %            $270.4                 17   %
capital expenditures                                                          $512.4                  $624.6                $1,188.3                $(112.2     )         (18   )%          $(563.7     )          (47   )%
see reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda in the "adjusted ebitda" section.
due to the nature of our contracts, changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect both commodity sales and cost of sales and fuel in our consolidated statements of income and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between the two line items.
2017 vs. 2016 - operating income and adjusted ebitda increased primarily as a result of the following:
•   restructured contracts resulting in higher fee revenues from increased average fee rates and a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under our pop with fee contracts in our natural gas gathering and processing segment;
•   higher firm demand charge contracted capacity in our natural gas pipelines segment; offset partially by
•   higher labor and employee-related costs associated with benefit plans across all three of our segments, labor costs associated with the growth of operations in our natural gas gathering and processing segment, routine maintenance projects in our natural gas liquids and natural gas pipelines segments and higher ad valorem taxes in our natural gas liquids segment;
net income was further impacted by a one-time noncash charge through income tax expense of $141.3 million, related to revaluation of our deferred tax balances and a valuation allowance on certain state net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards resulting from the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act and $20.0 million of noncash expenses related to our series e preferred stock contribution to the foundation.
equity in net earnings from investments increased due primarily to higher firm transportation revenues related to roadrunner's phase ii capacity, which was placed in service in october 2016. roadrunner is fully subscribed under long-term firm demand charge contracts.
in 2017, we recorded $4.3 million of noncash impairment charges related to a nonstrategic equity investment in our natural gas gathering and processing segment.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased as a result of the merger transaction. prior to june 30, 2017, we and our subsidiaries owned all of the general partner interest, which included incentive distribution rights, and a portion of the limited partner interest, which together represented a 41.2 percent ownership interest in oneok partners. the earnings of oneok partners that are attributed to its units held by the public prior to the merger transaction are reported as "net income attributable to noncontrolling interest" in our accompanying consolidated statements of income until june 30, 2017.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to growth projects placed in service in 2016 in our natural gas gathering and processing segment.
2016 vs. 2015 - operating income and adjusted ebitda increased due primarily as a result of the following:
•   higher natural gas and ngl volumes from our completed capital-growth projects in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments and from new plant connections and increased ethane recovery in our natural gas liquids segment;
•   higher labor costs associated with the growth of our operations in our natural gas gathering and processing segment and higher employee-related costs associated with incentive and medical benefit plans in all three of our segments.
equity in net earnings from investments increased due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from our bakken ngl pipeline and higher firm transportation revenues on northern border pipeline and roadrunner, offset partially by lower equity earnings from our powder river basin equity investments.
interest expense increased primarily as a result of higher interest costs incurred associated with our $500 million debt issuance in august 2015 and lower capitalized interest due to lower spending on capital-growth projects.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, which reflects primarily the portion of oneok partners that we did not own, increased in 2016, compared with 2015, due primarily to higher earnings at oneok partners, including noncash impairment charges in 2015.
capital expenditures decreased due to projects placed in service in 2016 and 2015, spending reductions to align with customer needs and lower well connect activities in our natural gas gathering and processing segment due to a reduction in drilling and completion activity.
additional information regarding our financial results and operating information is provided in the following discussion for each of our segments.
initial production rates resulting generally in higher initial decline rates than conventional vertical wells; however, the decline rates flatten out over time. these wells are expected to have long productive lives.
in 2017, we announced plans to expand our canadian valley natural gas processing facility to 400 mmcf/d from 200 mmcf/d and related gathering infrastructure in the stack area. this project is expected to be complete by the end of 2018 at a cost of approximately $160 million, excluding capitalized interest, and is supported by long-term primarily fee-based contracts, minimum volume commitments and acreage dedications.
in february 2018, we announced plans to construct the 200 mmcf/d demicks lake natural gas processing plant and related infrastructure in the core of the williston basin. this project is expected to be complete in the fourth quarter 2019 at a cost of $400 million, excluding capitalized interest, and is supported by long-term primarily fee-based contracts and acreage dedications.
completed projects                                   location               capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
(a) excludes capitalized interest.
for a discussion of our capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and items shown separately below)          (2,216.4    )           (1,331.5    )           (1,265.6    )           884.9                66   %              65.9                  5   %
equity in net earnings from investments, excluding noncash impairment charges                    12.1                    10.7                    17.9                  1.4                13   %              (7.2     )          (40   )%
adjusted ebitda                                                                                $518.5                  $446.8                  $318.6                $71.7                16   %            $128.2                 40   %
impairment of equity investments                                                                $(4.3    )                 $-                 $(180.6    )            $4.3                 *               $(180.6     )         (100   )%
capital expenditures                                                                           $284.2                  $410.5                  $887.9              $(126.3     )         (31   )%          $(477.4     )          (54   )%
see reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda in the "adjusted ebitda" section.
due to the nature of our contracts, changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect commodity sales and cost of sales and fuel and, therefore, the impact is largely offset between these line items.
2017 vs. 2016 - adjusted ebitda increased $71.7 million, primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $44.0 million due primarily to restructured contracts resulting in higher fee revenues from increased average fee rates, offset partially by a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under our pop with fee contracts; offset partially by
•   an increase of $23.9 million in operating costs due primarily to increased labor and employee-related costs associated with our benefit plans and the growth of our operations;
capital expenditures decreased due to growth projects placed in service in 2016.
see "capital expenditures" in "liquidity and capital resources" for additional detail of our projected capital expenditures.
2016 vs. 2015 - adjusted ebitda increased $128.2 million, primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $144.3 million due primarily to restructured contracts resulting in higher fee revenues from increased average fee rates, offset partially by a lower percentage of proceeds retained from the sale of commodities under our pop with fee contracts;
•   an increase of $13.2 million in operating costs due primarily to increased labor related to the growth of our operations resulting from completed capital-growth projects and higher employee-related costs associated with incentive and medical benefit plans;
•   a decrease of $7.2 million due to lower equity earnings primarily related to our powder river basin equity investments; and
capital expenditures decreased due to projects placed in service, spending reductions to align with customer needs and lower well connect activities due to a reduction in drilling and completion activity.
realized composite ngl net sales price ($/gallon) (c) (d)                $0.22                 $0.23                 $0.34
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
(c) - includes the impact of hedging activities on our equity volumes.
natural gas gathered, natural gas processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2017, compared with 2016, due to the completion of growth projects and new supply in the williston basin and the stack and scoop areas, offset partially by natural production declines on existing wells and the impact of severe winter weather in the first quarter 2017.
natural gas gathered, natural gas processed, ngl sales and residue natural gas sales increased in 2016, compared with 2015, due to the completion of capital-growth projects in the williston basin, offset partially by natural gas volume declines in the mid-continent region.
the quantity and composition of ngls and natural gas are expected to continue to change with anticipated production increases across our supply basins, new processing plants placed in service and increased ethane recovery.
commodity price risk - see discussion regarding our commodity price risk under "commodity price risk" in item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
impairment charges - in the third quarter 2017, following a review of nonstrategic assets for potential divestiture, we recorded $16.0 million of noncash impairment charges related to certain nonstrategic gathering and processing assets located in north dakota and $4.3 million of noncash impairment charges related to a nonstrategic equity investment located in oklahoma.
in 2015, due to the continued and greater than expected decline in volumes gathered in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin, we evaluated our investments in this area. we recorded a $63.5 million noncash impairment charge to long-lived assets for our coal-bed methane natural gas gathering system, which we shut down in 2016. we reviewed our bighorn gas gathering, fort union gas gathering and lost creek gathering company equity investments and recorded noncash impairment charges of $180.6 million in 2015.
natural gas liquids growth projects - our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and ngl-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the rocky mountain region through the mid-continent region into the permian basin. crude oil, natural gas and ngl production from this activity; higher petrochemical industry demand for ngl products; and increased exports have resulted in our making additional capital investments to expand our infrastructure to bring these commodities from supply basins to market.
project in progress                                       location                  capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
(a) excludes capitalized interest/afudc.
in january 2018, we announced plans to construct the new elk creek pipeline and related infrastructure to transport ngls from the rocky mountain region, which includes the williston, dj and powder river basins, to our existing mid-continent ngl facilities. the project includes construction of an approximately 900-mile, 20-inch diameter pipeline that is expected to be completed by the end of 2019 and will have the capacity to transport up to 240 mbbl/d of unfractionated ngls to bushton, kansas. the pipeline will have the capability to be expanded to 400 mbbl/d with additional pump facilities. this project is
anchored by long-term contracts with terms ranging between 10 to 15 years totaling approximately 100 mbbl/d, which is supported primarily by minimum volume commitments.
in february 2018, we announced plans to construct the new arbuckle ii pipeline and related infrastructure project, with initial capacity to transport 400 mbbl/d of ngls originating across our supply basins to our storage and fractionation facilities in mont belvieu, texas. the approximately 530-mile pipeline is expandable to 1,000 mbbl/d with additional pump facilities. this project is anchored by long-term contracts with terms ranging from 10 to 20 years and is more than 50 percent contracted.
in february 2018, we announced plans to construct the new mb-4 fractionation facility and related infrastructure, which includes additional ngl storage capacity in mont belvieu, texas. our current available fractionation capacity in the gulf coast region is not sufficient for the expected increase in ngl volumes from supply growth and our pipeline projects discussed above. the fractionator will have a capacity of 125 mbbl/d, is anchored by long-term contracts with terms ranging from 10 to 20 years and is fully contracted.
completed projects                                        location               capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
(a) excludes capitalized interest/afudc.
we continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering and fractionation assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the williston basin, mid-continent and permian basin with end-use markets. the elk creek pipeline project replaces our previously announced expansion of the bakken ngl pipeline.
for a discussion of our capital expenditure financing, see "capital expenditures" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and items shown separately below)          (9,176.5    )           (6,321.4    )           (5,328.3    )           2,855.1                45     %           993.1                19   %
equity in net earnings from investments                                                          59.9                    54.5                    38.7                    5.4                10     %            15.8                41   %
adjusted ebitda                                                                              $1,154.9                $1,079.6                  $972.3                  $75.3                 7     %          $107.3                11   %
capital expenditures                                                                           $114.3                  $105.9                  $226.1                   $8.4                 8     %         $(120.2     )         (53   )%
see reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda in the "adjusted ebitda" section.
due to the nature of our contracts, changes in commodity prices and sales volumes affect commodity sales and cost of sales and fuel, and therefore the impact is largely offset between these line items.
2017 vs. 2016 - adjusted ebitda increased $75.3 million, primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $81.5 million in exchange services due primarily to increased supply volumes in the williston basin, the stack and scoop areas and the powder river basin and ethane recovery; offset partially by lower volumes in the granite wash and barnett shale and reduced volumes related to hurricane harvey;
•   an increase of $13.5 million in our optimization and marketing activities due primarily to higher optimization volumes and wider location price differentials; and
•   an increase of $5.4 million in equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from our bakken ngl pipeline and higher volumes and increased ethane recovery from plants connected to overland pass pipeline; offset partially by
•   an increase of $32.2 million in operating costs due primarily to routine maintenance projects, higher ad valorem taxes, higher labor and employee-related costs associated with our benefit plans and additional operating costs related to hurricane harvey.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to increased routine growth and maintenance projects.
2016 vs. 2015 - adjusted ebitda increased $107.3 million, primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $15.8 million in equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to higher volumes delivered to overland pass pipeline from our bakken ngl pipeline;
•   a decrease of $13.8 million in our optimization and marketing activities, which resulted from a $20.0 million decrease due primarily to narrower product price differentials, offset partially by a $6.2 million increase due primarily to higher optimization volumes; and
•   an increase of $13.1 million in operating costs due primarily to higher employee-related costs associated with incentive and medical benefit plans.
capital expenditures decreased due primarily to spending reductions for growth capital to align with customer needs.
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
(b) - includes volumes at company-owned and third-party facilities.
2017 vs. 2016 - ngls transported on gathering lines and ngls fractionated increased due to higher volumes primarily from the stack and scoop areas and williston basin resulting from recent plant connections, increased supply and increased ethane recovery, which was offset partially by decreased volumes from the barnett shale and granite wash. ngls transported on gathering lines also increased due to higher volumes from the permian basin.
while overall ngl supply volumes and ethane recovery increased, a portion of the fees associated with those volumes gathered and fractionated was previously being earned under contracts with minimum volume obligations.
ngls transported on distribution lines increased due primarily to higher transported volumes for optimization activities.
while the volume of ethane recovered increased, a portion of the fees associated with those volumes gathered and fractionated was previously being earned under contracts with minimum volume obligations.
natural gas pipelines growth projects - the development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply, and we expect producers to require incremental transportation services in the future as additional supply is developed. the abundance of natural gas supply and regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase the demand for our services from electric-generation companies if they convert to a natural gas fuel source.
completed projects                                                location          capacity   approximatecosts (a)   completion date
roadrunner gas transmission pipeline - equity-method investment phase i (b)                                                       permian basin   170 mmcf/d                   $200   march 2016
(a) - excludes capitalized interest.
(b) - 50-50 joint venture equity-method investment. approximate costs represent total project costs.
the westex pipeline expansion is a wholly owned project. roadrunner is a 50 percent-owned joint venture equity-method investment. both the westex pipeline expansion and roadrunner are fully subscribed with 25-year firm demand charge, fee-based agreements. together, these projects provide markets in mexico access to upstream supply basins in west texas and the mid-continent region.
cost of sales and fuel (exclusive of depreciation and items shown separately below)           (43.4    )            (30.6    )            (34.5    )            12.8                42   %              (3.9     )         (11    )%
equity in net earnings from investments                                                        87.3                  74.4                  68.7                 12.9                17   %               5.7                 8     %
adjusted ebitda                                                                              $339.8                $313.1                $275.0                $26.7                 9   %             $38.1                14     %
capital expenditures                                                                          $95.6                 $96.3                 $58.2                $(0.7     )          (1   )%            $38.1                65     %
see reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda in the "adjusted ebitda" section.
2017 vs. 2016 - adjusted ebitda increased $26.7 million primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $26.9 million from higher transportation services due primarily to increased firm demand charge contracted capacity; and
•   an increase of $12.9 million in equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to higher firm transportation revenues on roadrunner; offset partially by
•   an increase of $10.6 million in operating costs due primarily to routine maintenance projects and higher labor and employee-related costs associated with our benefit plans; and
2016 vs. 2015 - adjusted ebitda increased $38.1 million primarily as a result of the following:
•   an increase of $28.5 million from higher transportation services due primarily to increased firm demand charge contracted capacity;
•   an increase of $9.3 million from higher net retained fuel due to higher throughput and the associated natural gas volumes retained and higher equity gas sales related to transportation and storage services;
•   an increase of $5.7 million in equity in net earnings from investments due primarily to higher firm transportation revenues on northern border pipeline and roadrunner; offset partially by
•   an increase of $9.9 million in operating costs due primarily to increased employee-related costs associated with incentive and medical benefit plans and higher ad valorem taxes.
capital expenditures increased due primarily to our westex pipeline expansion and other expansion projects.
natural gas transportation capacity contracted (mdth/d)         6,611               6,345               5,840
transportation capacity subscribed                                 94    %             92    %             92    %
(a) - includes volumes for consolidated entities only.
our natural gas pipelines primarily serve end users, such as natural gas distribution and electric-generation companies, that require natural gas to operate their businesses regardless of location price differentials. overall, our contracted transportation capacity and fee-based earnings in this segment increased in connection with the october 2016 completion of our westex pipeline expansion.
northern border pipeline, in which we have a 50 percent ownership interest, has contracted substantially all of its long-haul transportation capacity through the fourth quarter 2020. we made a contribution of $83 million to norther border pipeline in the third quarter 2017. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2016, we made no contributions to norther border pipeline.
under the terms of settlement with shippers in 2012, northern border pipeline was required to file a rate case by january 1, 2018. in december 2017, northern border pipeline entered into a settlement with shippers that was approved by the ferc in february 2018. the settlement provides for tiered rate reductions beginning january 1, 2018, that will reduce rates 12.5 percent by january 2020 compared with previous rates and requires new rates to be established by january 2024. we do not expect the resulting decrease in equity earnings and cash distributions from northern border pipeline to be material to us.
roadrunner, in which we have a 50 percent ownership interest, has contracted all of its capacity through 2041. we contributed $4 million, $65 million and $30 million to roadrunner during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
adjusted ebitda adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure of our financial performance. adjusted ebitda is defined as net income adjusted for interest expense, depreciation and amortization, noncash impairment charges, income taxes, allowance for equity funds used during construction, noncash compensation and other noncash items. prior periods have been adjusted to conform to current presentation. we believe this non-gaap financial measure is useful to investors because it and similar measures are used by many companies in our industry as a measurement of financial performance and is commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. adjusted ebitda should not be considered an alternative to net income, earnings per unit or any other measure of financial performance presented in accordance with gaap. additionally, this calculation may not be comparable with similarly titled measures of other companies.
a reconciliation of income from continuing operations, the nearest comparable gaap financial performance measure, to adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, is as follows:
(unaudited)                                                              2017                     2016                      2015
reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda                                                       (thousands of dollars)
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                                      485,658                   469,651                   416,787
other noncash items and equity afudc (a)                                            20,398                    (1,255    )                8,126
adjusted ebitda                                                                 $1,986,853                $1,849,918                $1,579,464
reconciliation of segment adjusted ebitda to adjusted ebitda segment adjusted ebitda:
adjusted ebitda                                                                 $1,986,853                $1,849,918                $1,579,464
(a) - year ended december 31, 2017, includes our april 2017 contribution to the foundation of 20,000 shares of series e preferred stock, with an aggregate value of $20.0 million.
contingencies see note o of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for a discussion of developments concerning the gas index pricing litigation.
other legal proceedings - we are a party to various litigation matters and claims that have arisen in the normal course of our operations. while the results of these litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe the reasonably possible losses from such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not material. additionally, we believe the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
liquidity and capital resources general - historically, our primary source of cash inflows were distributions to us from our general partner and limited partner interests in oneok partners. beginning in the third quarter 2017, as a result of the completion of the merger transaction, our cash flow sources and requirements significantly changed. we now rely primarily on operating cash flows, commercial paper, bank credit facilities, debt issuances and the issuance of common stock for our liquidity and capital resources requirements. in addition, we expect increased cash outflows related to i) capital expenditures, which were previously funded by oneok partners and ii) dividends paid to shareholders, due to the increase in the number of shares outstanding as a result of the close of the merger transaction, our recent equity issuances and higher anticipated dividends per share, subject to board of directors' approval. we expect to pay no significant cash income taxes through 2021.
we expect our sources of cash inflow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures and quarterly cash dividends, including expected future dividend increases. to the extent operating cash flows are not sufficient to fund our dividends, we may utilize short- and long-term debt and issuances of equity, as necessary or appropriate. we may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities as we consider prudent to provide liquidity to refinance existing debt, improve credit metrics or to fund capital expenditures. however, with $1.6 billion of equity issued in 2017 and january 2018, we have satisfied our expected equity financing needs through 2018 and well into 2019. we expect to fund growth projects with cash from operations, short-term borrowings and long-term debt.
we manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt and interest-rate swaps. for additional information on our interest rate swaps, see note d of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
cash management - we use a centralized cash management program that concentrates the cash assets of our operating subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purposes of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing, transaction costs and bank fees. our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. our operating subsidiaries participate in this program to the extent they are permitted pursuant to ferc regulations or their operating agreements. under the cash management program, depending on whether a participating subsidiary has short-term cash surpluses or cash requirements, we provide cash to the subsidiary or the subsidiary provides cash to us.
short-term liquidity - our principal sources of short-term liquidity consist of cash generated from operating activities, distributions received from our equity-method investments, proceeds from our commercial paper program and our $2.5 billion credit agreement.
in april 2017, we entered into the $2.5 billion credit agreement with a syndicate of banks to replace the oneok credit agreement and the oneok partners credit agreement. the $2.5 billion credit agreement became effective june 30, 2017, upon the closing of the merger transaction (as described in note b of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report) and the terminations of the oneok credit agreement and the oneok partners credit agreement. as of december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with all covenants of the $2.5 billion credit agreement.
in july 2017, the commercial paper outstanding under the oneok partners commercial paper program was repaid as it matured with a combination of proceeds from new issuances from oneok's recently established $2.5 billion commercial paper program, cash on hand and proceeds from our july 2017 $1.2 billion senior notes issuance. the $2.4 billion oneok partners commercial paper program was terminated in july 2017.
at december 31, 2017, we had $37.2 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.9 billion of borrowing capacity under the $2.5 billion credit agreement. following the january 2018 equity offering, we had $2.5 billion of borrowing capacity.
we had working capital (defined as current assets less current liabilities) deficits of $0.9 billion and $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2017, and december 31, 2016, respectively. although working capital is influenced by several factors, including, among other things: (i) the timing of (a) scheduled debt payments, (b) the collection and payment of accounts
receivable and payable, and (c) equity and debt issuances, and (ii) the volume and cost of inventory and commodity imbalances, our working capital deficit at december 31, 2017, and at december 31, 2016, was driven primarily by current maturities of long-term debt and short-term borrowings. we may have working capital deficits in future periods as we continue to finance our capital-growth projects and repay long-term debt, often initially with short-term borrowings. our decision to utilize short-term borrowings rather than long-term debt, due to more favorable interest rates, contributes to our working capital deficit. we do not expect this working capital deficit to have an adverse impact to our cash flows or operations.
for additional information on our $2.5 billion credit agreement and commercial paper program, see note g of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
long-term financing - in addition to our principal sources of short-term liquidity discussed above, we expect to fund our longer-term financing requirements by issuing long-term notes. other options to obtain financing include, but are not limited to, issuing common stock, loans from financial institutions, issuance of convertible debt securities or preferred equity securities, asset securitization and the sale and lease-back of facilities.
debt issuances and upcoming maturities - in july 2017, we completed an underwritten public offering of $1.2 billion senior unsecured notes consisting of $500 million, 4.0 percent senior notes due 2027, and $700 million, 4.95 percent senior notes due 2047. the net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were $1.2 billion. the proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, which included repayment of existing indebtedness and capital expenditures.
we expect to repay oneok partners' $425 million, 3.2 percent senior notes due in september 2018, with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings.
repayments - we repaid $500 million in both january 2018 and july 2017 on the term loan agreement due 2019 with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. as of january 2018, all amounts outstanding under the term loan agreement have been repaid.
in 2017, we repaid oneok partners' $400 million, 2.0 percent senior notes due in october 2017 with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings and redeemed our 6.5 percent senior notes due 2028 at a redemption price of $87.0 million with cash on hand.
for additional information on our long-term debt, see note g of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
equity issuances - in january 2018, we completed an underwritten public offering of 21.9 million shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $54.50 per share, generating net proceeds of $1.2 billion. we used the net proceeds from this offering to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes, which included repaying a portion of our outstanding indebtedness.
in july 2017, we established an "at-the-market" equity program for the offer and sale from time to time of our common stock up to an aggregate amount of $1 billion. the program allows us to offer and sell our common stock at prices we deem appropriate through a sales agent. sales of our common stock may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the nyse, in block transactions, or as otherwise agreed to between us and the sales agent. we are under no obligation to offer and sell common stock under the program.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, we sold 8.4 million shares of common stock through our "at-the-market" equity program that resulted in net proceeds of $448.3 million. the net proceeds from these issuances were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of outstanding indebtedness and to fund capital expenditures. we have satisfied our expected equity financing needs through 2018 and well into 2019.
in april 2017, through a wholly owned subsidiary, we contributed 20,000 shares of series e preferred stock, having an aggregate value of $20.0 million, to the foundation for use in future charitable and nonprofit causes. the contribution was recorded as a $20.0 million noncash expense in 2017.
capital expenditures - the following table sets forth our growth and maintenance capital expenditures, excluding afudc and capitalized interest, for the periods indicated:
capital expenditures                                2017                2016                  2015
total capital expenditures                    $512.4              $624.6              $1,188.3
capital expenditures decreased in 2017 compared with 2016, due primarily to the completion of several large projects. capital expenditures decreased in 2016 compared with 2015 due to the completion of several large projects and reduced capital spending to align with the needs of our crude oil and natural gas producers.
we classify expenditures that are expected to generate additional revenue, return on investment or significant operating efficiencies as capital-growth expenditures. maintenance capital expenditures are those capital expenditures required to maintain our existing assets and operations and do not generate additional revenues. maintenance capital expenditures are made to replace partially or fully depreciated assets, to maintain the existing operating capacity of our assets and to extend their useful lives. our capital expenditures are financed typically through operating cash flows, short- and long-term debt and the issuance of equity.
the following table summarizes our 2018 projected growth and maintenance capital expenditures, excluding afudc and capitalized interest:
2018 projected capital expenditures
total projected capital expenditures                         $2,090-$2,480
our projected capital expenditures for 2018 has increased compared with 2017, due primarily to our announced capital-growth projects.
credit ratings - our long-term debt credit ratings as of february 22, 2018, are shown in the table below:
rating agency   rating   outlook moody's         baa3     stable s&amp;p         bbb      stable following the close of the merger transaction, s&p and moody's upgraded our credit ratings, removed our credit rating from review and issued stable outlooks. our commercial paper program is rated prime-3 by moody's and a-2 by s&p.
our credit ratings, which are investment grade, may be affected by a material change in our financial ratios or a material event affecting our business and industry. the most common criteria for assessment of our credit ratings are the debt-to-ebitda ratio, interest coverage, business risk profile and liquidity. if our credit ratings were downgraded, our cost to borrow funds under the $2.5 billion credit agreement would increase and a potential loss of access to the commercial paper market could occur. in the event that we are unable to borrow funds under our commercial paper program and there has not been a material adverse change in our business, we would continue to have access to our $2.5 billion credit agreement, which expires in 2022. an adverse credit rating change alone is not a default under our $2.5 billion credit agreement. we do not expect a downgrade in our credit rating to have a material impact on our results of operations.
in the normal course of business, our counterparties provide us with secured and unsecured credit. in the event of a downgrade in our credit ratings or a significant change in our counterparties' evaluation of our creditworthiness, we could be required to provide additional collateral in the form of cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments as a condition of continuing to conduct business with such counterparties. we may be required to fund margin requirements with our counterparties with cash, letters of credit or other negotiable instruments.
dividends - holders of our common stock share equally in any dividend declared by our board of directors, subject to the rights of the holders of outstanding preferred stock. in 2017, we paid dividends of $2.72 per share, an increase of 11 percent compared with the prior year. in february 2018, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.77 per share ($3.08 per share on an annualized basis), an increase of 25 percent compared with the same period in the prior year. our dividend growth is due to the increase in cash flows resulting from the merger transaction and the continued growth of our operations.
cash distributions - prior to the consummation of the merger transaction, we received distributions from oneok partners on our common and class b units and our 2 percent general partner interest, which included our incentive distribution rights. distributions paid to oneok partners unitholders of record at the close of business on january 30, 2017, and may 1, 2017, were $0.79 per unit. our incentive distribution rights effectively terminated at the close of the merger transaction.
cash flow analysis we use the indirect method to prepare our consolidated statements of cash flows. under this method, we reconcile net income to cash flows provided by operating activities by adjusting net income for those items that affect net income but do not result in actual cash receipts or payments during the period and for operating cash items that do not impact net income. these reconciling items include depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, allowance for equity funds used during construction, gain or loss on sale of assets, deferred income taxes, net undistributed earnings from equity-method investments, share-based compensation expense, pension and postretirement benefit expense net of contributions, noncash expense related to our series e preferred stock contribution to the foundation, other amounts and changes in our assets and liabilities not classified as investing or financing activities.
the following table sets forth the changes in cash flows by operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated:
operating activities                                                             $1,315.4                $1,353.3                $1,022.8
investing activities                                                               (567.6    )             (615.4    )           (1,190.7    )
financing activities                                                               (959.5    )             (586.5    )               92.7
operating cash flows - operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. changes in commodity prices and demand for our services or products, whether because of general economic conditions, changes in supply, changes in demand for the end products that are made with our products or increased competition from other service providers, could affect our earnings and operating cash flows.
2017 vs. 2016 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, increased to $1.5 billion for 2017, compared with $1.4 billion for 2016. this increase is due primarily to higher revenues resulting from volume growth in the williston basin and stack and scoop areas in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, higher fees resulting from contract restructuring in our natural gas gathering and processing segment, higher transportation services due to increased firm demand charge contracted capacity in our natural gas pipelines segment and higher optimization and marketing earnings due primarily to higher optimization volumes and wider location price differentials in our natural gas liquids segment, as discussed in "financial results and operating information."
the changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased operating cash flows $192.6 million for 2017, compared with a decrease of $40.7 million for 2016. this change is due primarily to the change in natural gas and ngls in storage, which varies from period to period and varies with changes in commodity prices, the change in accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other accruals and deferrals resulting from the timing of receipt of cash from customers and payments to vendors, suppliers and other third parties and the change in risk-management assets and liabilities.
2016 vs. 2015 - cash flows from operating activities, before changes in operating assets and liabilities, were $1.4 billion for 2016, compared with $1.2 billion for 2015. the increase was due primarily to higher natural gas and ngl volumes from our completed capital-growth projects in our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments, new plant connections and increased ethane recovery in our natural gas liquids segment and higher fees resulting from contract restructuring in our natural gas gathering and processing segment, offset partially by lower realized commodity prices, as discussed in "financial results and operating information." distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates also increased, due primarily to overland pass pipeline.
the changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased operating cash flows $40.7 million for 2016, compared with a decrease of $133.1 million for 2015. this change is due primarily to the change in accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other accruals and deferrals resulting from the timing of receipt of cash from customers and payments to vendors and suppliers, which vary from period to period and vary with changes in commodity prices, and the change in commodity imbalances, offset partially by the change in risk-management assets and liabilities related to interest-rate swaps.
2017 vs. 2016 - cash used in investing activities decreased $47.8 million due primarily to projects placed in service in 2016, offset partially by lower distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates in excess of cumulative earnings, lower proceeds from sale of assets and higher contributions to our unconsolidated affiliates.
2016 vs. 2015 - cash used in investing activities decreased $575.3 million due primarily to lower capital spending as a result of spending reductions to align with customer needs and projects placed in service, higher proceeds received from sale of assets and higher distributions received from northern border pipeline and overland pass pipeline, offset partially by higher contributions made to roadrunner.
2017 vs. 2016 - cash used in financing activities increased $373.0 million due primarily to repayment of short-term borrowings and increased dividends, offset partially by the issuance of common stock through our "at-the-market" equity program and decreased distributions to noncontrolling interests resulting from the merger transaction.
2016 vs. 2015 - cash used in financing activities was $586.5 million in 2016, compared with cash provided by financing activities of $92.7 million in 2015, a decrease of $679.2 million, due primarily to repayment of $1.1 billion of senior notes, $100 million increase in distributions paid due to a higher number of units outstanding and no equity issuances in 2016. these differences were offset partially by an increase in proceeds from short-term borrowings and drawing on our term loan agreement.
estimates and critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. these estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, actual results could differ from our estimates.
the following is a summary of our most critical accounting policies, which are defined as those estimates and policies most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and requiring management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment, particularly because of the need to make estimates concerning the impact of inherently uncertain matters. we have discussed the development and selection of our estimates and critical accounting policies with the audit committee of our board of directors.
derivatives and risk-management activities - we utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. the accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it qualifies and has been designated as part of a hedging relationship. when possible, we implement effective hedging strategies using derivative financial instruments that qualify as hedges for accounting purposes. we have not used derivative instruments for trading purposes.
we assess the effectiveness of hedging relationships quarterly by performing an effectiveness test on our hedging relationships to determine whether they are highly effective on a retrospective and prospective basis. we do not believe that changes in our fair value estimates of our derivative instruments have a material impact on our results of operations, as the majority of our derivatives are accounted for as cash flow hedges for which ineffectiveness is not material. however, if a derivative instrument is ineligible for cash flow hedge accounting or if we fail to appropriately designate it as a cash flow hedge, changes in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recorded currently in earnings. additionally, if a cash flow hedge ceases to qualify for hedge accounting treatment because it is no longer probable that the forecasted transaction will occur, the change in fair value of the derivative instrument would be recognized in earnings. for more information on commodity price sensitivity and a discussion of the market risk of pricing changes, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
see notes c and d of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of fair value measurements and derivatives and risk-management activities.
impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets - we assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually on july 1, unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. our qualitative goodwill impairment analysis performed as of july 1, 2017, did not result in an impairment charge nor did our analysis reflect any reporting units at risk, and subsequent to that date, no event has occurred indicating that the implied fair value of each of our reporting units is less than the carrying value of its net assets.
as part of our goodwill impairment test, we may first assess qualitative factors (including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance) to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. if further testing is necessary or a quantitative test is elected, we perform a two-step impairment test for goodwill. in the first step, an initial assessment is made by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its book value, including goodwill. if the fair value is less than the book value, an impairment is indicated, and we must perform a second test to measure the amount of the impairment. in the second test, we calculate the implied fair value of the goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net assets of the reporting unit from the fair value determined in step one of the assessment. if the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, we will record an impairment charge.
to estimate the fair value of our reporting units, we use two generally accepted valuation approaches, an income approach and a market approach, using assumptions consistent with a market participant's perspective. under the income approach, we use anticipated cash flows over a period of years plus a terminal value and discount these amounts to their present value using appropriate discount rates. under the market approach, we apply ebitda multiples to forecasted ebitda. the multiples used are consistent with historical asset transactions. the forecasted cash flows are based on average forecasted cash flows for a reporting unit over a period of years.
as a result of the merger transaction, we are entitled to receive all available oneok partners cash. our incentive distribution rights effectively terminated at the close of the merger transaction. as a result, the $155.6 million carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with our incentive distribution rights was reclassified to goodwill at the close of the merger transaction and allocated among our business segments.
we assess our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. an impairment is indicated if the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if an impairment is indicated, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the long-lived asset.
for the investments we account for under the equity method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of the equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. therefore, we periodically evaluate the amount at which we carry our equity-method investments to determine whether current events or circumstances warrant adjustments to our carrying value.
impairment charges - we recorded $20.2 million of noncash impairment charges in 2017 related to our nonstrategic long-lived assets and equity investments in north dakota and oklahoma, and $264.3 million of noncash impairment charges in 2015 primarily related to our long-lived assets and equity investments in the dry natural gas area of the powder river basin.
our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. if actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and estimates or our assumptions and estimates change due to new information, we may be exposed to future impairment charges.
see notes a, e, f and n of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of goodwill, long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
retirement and postretirement employee benefits - we have defined benefit retirement plans covering certain employees and former employees. our defined benefit pension plan covers certain employees and former employees hired before january 1, 2005, and our supplemental executive retirement plan for the benefit of certain officers closed to new participants in january 2014. we sponsor welfare plans that provide postretirement medical and life insurance benefits to certain employees hired prior to 2017 who retire with at least five years of service. the expense and liability related to these plans is calculated using statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events. these factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, rate of future compensation increases, mortality and employment length. in determining the projected benefit obligations and costs, assumptions can change from period to period and may result in material changes in the costs and liabilities we recognize.
during 2017, we recorded net periodic benefit costs of $18.4 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans. we estimate that in 2018, we will record net periodic benefit costs of $18.1 million related to our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefits plans. sensitivities to changes with respect to the weighted-average assumptions used to determine our estimated 2018 net periodic benefit obligations are not material.
see note l of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional information.
contingencies - our accounting for contingencies covers a variety of business activities, including contingencies for legal and environmental exposures. we accrue these contingencies when our assessments indicate that it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset will not be recovered, and an amount can be reasonably estimated. we expense legal fees as incurred and base our legal liability estimates on currently available facts and our assessments of the ultimate outcome or resolution.
accruals for estimated losses from environmental remediation obligations generally are recognized no later than the completion of a remediation feasibility study. recoveries of environmental remediation costs from other parties are recorded as assets when their receipt is deemed probable. our expenditures for environmental evaluation, mitigation, remediation and compliance to date have not been significant in relation to our financial position or results of operations, and our expenditures related to environmental matters had no material effect on earnings or cash flows during 2017, 2016 or 2015. actual results may differ from our estimates resulting in an impact, positive or negative, on our results of operations.
see note o of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for additional discussion of contingencies.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table sets forth our contractual obligations related to debt, operating leases and other long-term obligations as of december 31, 2017. for additional discussion of the debt agreements, see note g of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report.
purchase commitments, rights of way and other             176.3                  80.8                  34.5                34.5                16.3                   2.9                   7.3
employee benefit plans                                     42.4                  14.3                   9.9                   -                 8.8                   9.4           -
firm transportation and storage contracts - our natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids segments are party to fixed-price contracts for firm transportation and storage capacity.
financial and physical derivatives - these are obligations arising from our fixed- and variable-price purchase commitments for physical and financial commodity derivatives. estimated future variable-price purchase commitments are based on market information at december 31, 2017. actual future variable-price purchase obligations may vary depending on market prices at the time of delivery. sales of the related physical volumes and net positive settlements of financial derivatives are not reflected in the table above.
employee benefit plans - we contributed $12.3 million to our defined benefit pension plan in january 2018 and expect to make approximately $2.0 million in contributions to our postretirement plans in 2018. see note l of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this annual report for discussion of our employee benefit plans.
purchase commitments, rights of way and other - purchase commitments include commitments related to our growth capital expenditures and other rights-of-way and contractual commitments. purchase commitments exclude commodity purchase contracts, which are included in the "financial and physical derivatives" amounts.
forward-looking statements some of the statements contained and incorporated in this annual report are forward-looking statements as defined under federal securities laws. the forward-looking statements relate to our anticipated financial performance (including projected operating income, net income, capital expenditures, cash flows and projected levels of dividends), liquidity, management's plans and objectives for our future growth projects and other future operations (including plans to construct additional natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines and processing facilities and related cost estimates), our business prospects, the outcome of regulatory and legal proceedings, market conditions and other matters. we make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws. the following discussion is intended to identify important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations and other statements contained or incorporated in this annual report identified by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "should," "goal," "forecast," "guidance," "could," "may," "continue," "might," "potential," "scheduled" and other words and terms of similar meaning.
one should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. those factors may affect our operations, markets, products, services and prices. in addition to any assumptions and other factors referred to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the following:
•   competition from other united states and foreign energy suppliers and transporters, as well as alternative forms of energy, including, but not limited to, solar power, wind power, geothermal energy and biofuels such as ethanol and biodiesel;
•   the capital intensive nature of our businesses;
•   the profitability of assets or businesses acquired or constructed by us;
•   our ability to make cost-saving changes in operations;
•   risks of marketing, trading and hedging activities, including the risks of changes in energy prices or the financial condition of our counterparties;
•   the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices;
•   the effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, climate change initiatives and authorized rates of recovery of natural gas and natural gas transportation costs;
•   the impact on drilling and production by factors beyond our control, including the demand for natural gas and crude oil; producers' desire and ability to obtain necessary permits; reserve performance; and capacity constraints on the pipelines that transport crude oil, natural gas and ngls from producing areas and our facilities;
•   changes in demand for the use of natural gas, ngls and crude oil because of market conditions caused by concerns about climate change;
•   the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, debt and equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control, including the effect on pension and postretirement expense and funding resulting from changes in equity and bond market returns;
•   our indebtedness and guarantee obligations could make us vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions, limit our ability to borrow additional funds and/or place us at competitive disadvantages compared with our competitors that have less debt or have other adverse consequences;
•   actions by rating agencies concerning our credit;
•   the results of administrative proceedings and litigation, regulatory actions, rule changes and receipt of expected clearances involving any local, state or federal regulatory body, including the ferc, the national transportation safety board, the phmsa, the epa and cftc;
•   our ability to access capital at competitive rates or on terms acceptable to us;
•   risks associated with adequate supply to our gathering, processing, fractionation and pipeline facilities, including production declines that outpace new drilling or extended periods of ethane rejection;
•   the impact and outcome of pending and future litigation;
•   the ability to market pipeline capacity on favorable terms, including the effects of:
-   competitive conditions in the overall energy market;
-   availability of supplies of canadian and united states natural gas and crude oil; and
-   availability of additional storage capacity;
•   the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances;
•   our ability to acquire all necessary permits, consents or other approvals in a timely manner, to promptly obtain all necessary materials and supplies required for construction, and to construct gathering, processing, storage, fractionation and transportation facilities without labor or contractor problems;
•   the mechanical integrity of facilities operated;
•   demand for our services in the proximity of our facilities;
•   our ability to control operating costs;
•   acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers' or shippers' facilities;
•   the risk of a prolonged slowdown in growth or decline in the united states or international economies, including liquidity risks in united states or foreign credit markets;
•   the possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, hostilities or changes in the political conditions throughout the world;
•   the risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks;
•   risks associated with pending or possible acquisitions and dispositions, including our ability to finance or integrate any such acquisitions and any regulatory delay or conditions imposed by regulatory bodies in connection with any such acquisitions and dispositions;
•   the impact of uncontracted capacity in our assets being greater or less than expected;
•   the ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and ferc-regulated rates;
•   the composition and quality of the natural gas and ngls we gather and process in our plants and transport on our pipelines;
•   our ability to control construction costs and completion schedules of our pipelines and other projects; and
•   the risk factors listed in the reports we have filed and may file with the sec, which are incorporated by reference.
these factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. other factors could also have material adverse effects on our future results. these and other risks are described in greater detail in part i, item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report and in our other filings that we make with the sec, which are available via the sec's website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. any such forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and other than as required under securities laws, we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, expectations or otherwise.