item 1a.   risk factors.
the following are significant risks which could have a material negative impact on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
business and industry risks commercial truck market demand is variable.  the company's business is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions as well as economic conditions in the industries and markets it serves. negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for the company's equipment and services.  the yearly demand for commercial vehicles may increase or decrease more than overall gross domestic product in markets the company serves, which are principally north america and europe.  demand for commercial vehicles may also be affected by the introduction of new vehicles and technologies by the company or its competitors.
competition and prices.  the company operates in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect the company's sales and pricing.  financial results depend largely on the ability to develop, manufacture and market competitive products that profitably meet customer demand.
production costs and supplier capacity.  the company's products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.  commodity or component price increases and significant shortages of component products may adversely impact the company's financial results or use of its production capacity.  many of the company's suppliers also supply automotive manufacturers, and factors that adversely affect the automotive industry can also have adverse effects on these suppliers and the company.  supplier delivery performance can be adversely affected if increased demand for these suppliers' products exceeds their production capacity.  unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt the company's or its suppliers' operations.
liquidity risks, credit ratings and costs of funds.  disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers and suppliers.  a lowering of the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of borrowing and adversely affect access to capital markets.  the company's financial services segment obtains funds for its operations from commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt.  if the markets for commercial paper, medium-term notes and bank debt do not provide the necessary liquidity in the future, the financial services segment may experience increased costs or may have to limit its financing of retail and wholesale assets.  this could result in a reduction of the number of vehicles the company is able to produce and sell to customers.
the financial services industry is highly competitive.  the company's financial services segment competes with banks, other commercial finance companies and financial services firms which may have lower costs of borrowing, higher leverage or market share goals that result in a willingness to offer lower interest rates, which may lead to decreased margins, lower market share or both.  a decline in the company's truck unit sales and a decrease in truck residual values due to lower used truck pricing are also factors which may affect the company's financial services segment.
the financial services segment is subject to credit risk.  the financial services segment is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the company.  although the financial assets of the financial services segment are secured by underlying equipment collateral, in the event a customer cannot meet its obligations to the company, there is a risk that the value of the underlying collateral will not be sufficient to recover the amounts owed to the company, resulting in credit losses.
interest-rate risks.  the financial services segment is subject to interest-rate risks, because increases in interest rates can reduce demand for its products, increase borrowing costs and potentially reduce interest margins.  pfs uses derivative contracts to match the interest rate characteristics of its debt to the interest rate characteristics of its finance receivables in order to mitigate the risk of changing interest rates.
information technology.  the company relies on information technology systems, including the internet and other computer systems, which may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data.  the company maintains protections to guard against such events.  if the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could result in a negative impact on the company's operating results and could also cause reputational damage, business disruption or the disclosure of confidential data.
political, regulatory and economic risks multinational operations.  the company's global operations are exposed to political, economic and other risks and events beyond its control in the countries in which the company operates. the company may be adversely affected by political instabilities, fuel shortages or interruptions in utility or transportation systems, natural calamities, wars, terrorism and labor strikes.  changes in government monetary or fiscal policies and international trade policies may impact demand for the company's products, financial results and competitive position. paccar's global operations are subject to extensive trade, competition and anti-corruption laws and regulations that could impose significant compliance costs.
environmental regulations.  the company's operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. the company could experience higher research and development and manufacturing costs due to changes in government requirements for its products, including changes in emissions, fuel, greenhouse gas or other regulations.
litigation, product liability and regulatory. the company's products are subject to recall for environmental, performance and safety-related issues.  product recalls, lawsuits, regulatory actions or increases in the reserves the company establishes for contingencies may increase the company's costs and lower profits. due to the international nature of the company's business, some products are also subject to international trade regulations, including customs and import / export related laws and regulations, government embargoes and sanctions prohibiting sales to specific persons or countries, as well as anticorruption laws. the company's reputation and its brand names are valuable assets, and claims or regulatory actions, even if unsuccessful or without merit, could adversely affect the company's reputation and brand images because of adverse publicity.
currency exchange and translation.  the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars, while significant operations are denominated in the currencies of other countries.  currency exchange rate fluctuations can affect the company's assets, liabilities and results of operations through both translation and transaction risk, as reported in the company's financial statements.  the company uses certain derivative financial instruments and localized production of its products to reduce, but not eliminate, the effects of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
accounting estimates.  in the preparation of the company's financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented. certain of these estimates, judgments and assumptions, such as residual values on operating leases, the allowance for credit losses, warranty and the provision for income taxes, are particularly sensitive.  if actual results are different from estimates used by management, they may have a material impact on the financial statements.  for additional disclosures regarding accounting estimates, see "critical accounting policies" under item 7 of this form 10-k.
taxes.  changes in statutory income tax rates in the countries in which the company operates impact the company's effective tax rate.  changes to other taxes or the adoption of other new tax legislation could affect the company's provision for income taxes and related tax assets and liabilities.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
paccar is a global technology company whose truck segment includes the design and manufacture of high-quality light-, medium- and heavy-duty commercial trucks. in north america, trucks are sold under the kenworth and peterbilt nameplates, in europe, under the daf nameplate and in australia and south america, under the kenworth and daf nameplates. the parts segment includes the distribution of aftermarket parts for trucks and related commercial vehicles. the company's financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing paccar products in north america, europe and australia. the company's other business includes the manufacturing and marketing of industrial winches.
•   in 2017, paccar earned net income for the 79th consecutive year. net income of $1.68 billion ($4.75 per diluted share) includes a one-time net tax benefit of $173.4 million from the tax cuts and jobs act ("the tax act"). excluding this one-time net benefit, the company earned adjusted net income (non-gaap) of $1.50 billion ($4.26 per diluted share) in 2017. the operating results in 2017 reflect higher truck deliveries and record worldwide parts segment sales and profit, partially offset by lower financial services segment results. net income in 2016 was $521.7 million ($1.48 per diluted share). excluding the $833.0 million non-recurring ec charge, the company earned adjusted net income (non-gaap) of $1.35 billion ($3.85 per diluted share) in 2016. see reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap financial measures on page 33.
•   capital investments were $433.1 million in 2017 compared to $402.7 million in 2016, reflecting additional investments in the company's manufacturing facilities, new product development and enhanced aftermarket support.
•   after-tax return on beginning equity (roe) was 24.7% in 2017, which includes the one-time net tax benefit of $173.4 million from the tax act. excluding the one-time net benefit, adjusted roe (non-gaap) was 22.2% in 2017. this compares to an roe of 7.5% in 2016. excluding the ec charge, adjusted roe (non-gaap) was 19.5% in 2016. see reconciliation of gaap to non-gaap financial measures on page 33.
the company opened the paccar innovation center in sunnyvale, california in the third quarter of 2017. the advanced technology research and development center coordinates next-generation product development and identifies emerging technologies to enhance future vehicle performance. technology areas of focus include advanced driver assistance systems, artificial intelligence, vehicle connectivity and powertrain electrification.
in the third quarter of 2017, the company launched a new proprietary 12-speed automated transmission in north america, the lightest transmission for class 8 on-highway vehicles. the paccar automated transmission is designed to complement the superior performance of paccar mx engines and paccar axles. the transmission reduces vehicle weight by up to 105 pounds, enhances low-speed maneuverability through excellent gear ratio coverage, and contributes to increased customer uptime with its industry-leading 750,000 mile oil change interval.
the company is constructing a new 160,000 square-foot parts distribution center in toronto, canada. the $35 million facility is expected to open in mid-2018. paccar parts opened new distribution centers in brisbane, australia and panama city, panama during the fourth quarter of 2017.
the company's dynacraft division is constructing a new 130,000 square-foot manufacturing facility in mckinney, texas to manufacture components and subassemblies such as battery cables, door assemblies and air conditioning assemblies for kenworth and peterbilt trucks. the facility will support peterbilt's operations in denton, texas and manufacture paccar's new 20,000-pound front axle for peterbilt and kenworth class 8 trucks.
the company's kenworth division will collaborate with the paccar technical center and the company's daf division to launch its u.s. department of energy (doe) supertruck ii program. the five-year project will utilize the kenworth t680 with a 76-inch sleeper and the fuel-efficient paccar mx-13 engine with the goal to double class 8 vehicle freight efficiency and achieve greenhouse gas emissions requirements effective in 2021, 2024 and 2027.
beginning in the first quarter of 2018, the company's daf division will participate in a two-year truck platooning trial organized by the united kingdom department for transport. the trial is organized to demonstrate that wirelessly-linked truck combinations, or platoons, can deliver improved efficiency to the transportation industry by lowering fuel consumption, reducing co2 emissions, improving traffic flow and contributing to increased road safety.
truck outlook truck industry retail sales in the u.s. and canada in 2018 are expected to be 235,000 to 265,000 units compared to 218,400 in 2017. in europe, the 2018 truck industry registrations for over 16-tonne vehicles are expected to be 290,000 to 320,000 units compared to 306,100 in 2017. in south america, heavy-duty truck industry sales were 68,700 units in 2017 and in 2018 are estimated to be in a range of 65,000 to 75,000 units.
financial services outlook based on the truck market outlook, average earning assets in 2018 are expected to increase 2-4% compared to 2017. current good levels of freight tonnage, freight rates and fleet utilization are contributing to customers' profitability and cash flow. if current freight transportation conditions decline due to weaker economic conditions, then past due accounts, truck repossessions and credit losses would likely increase from the current low levels and new business volume would likely decline.
capital spending and r&d outlook capital investments in 2018 are expected to be $425 to $475 million, and r&d is expected to be $280 to $310 million. the company is investing in new truck models, integrated powertrain, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities.
**   in 2017, income taxes include a one-time benefit of $173.4 million from the tax act.
the following provides an analysis of the results of operations for the company's three reportable segments - truck, parts and financial services. where possible, the company has quantified the impact of factors identified in the following discussion and analysis. in cases where it is not possible to quantify the impact of factors, the company lists them in estimated order of importance. factors for which the company is unable to specifically quantify the impact include market demand, fuel prices, freight tonnage and economic conditions affecting the company's results of operations.
total units                                       158,900        140,900            13
in 2017, industry retail sales in the heavy-duty market in the u.s. and canada increased to 218,400 units from 215,700 units in 2016. the company's heavy-duty truck retail market share increased to 30.7% in 2017 from 28.5% in 2016. the medium-duty market was 81,300 units in 2017 compared to 85,600 units in 2016. the company's medium-duty market share was 17.1% in 2017 compared to 16.2% in 2016.
the over 16‐tonne truck market in europe in 2017 increased to 306,100 units from 302,500 units in 2016, and daf's market share decreased to 15.3% in 2017 from 15.5% in 2016. the 6 to 16‐tonne market in 2017 decreased to 52,600 units from 52,900 units in 2016. daf market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2017 increased to 10.5% from 10.1% in 2016.
•   the currency translation effect on sales primarily reflects an increase in the value of the euro relative to the u.s. dollar, partially offset by a weaker british pound. the currency effect on cost of sales primarily reflects the stronger euro relative to the u.s. dollar.
•   the currency translation effect on sales primarily reflects an increase in the value of the euro relative to the u.s. dollar, partially offset by a weaker british pound. the currency effect on cost of sales primarily reflects the stronger euro relative to the u.s. dollar.
new loan and lease unit volume:
included in financial services "other assets" on the company's consolidated balance sheets are used trucks held for sale, net of impairments, of $221.7 million at december 31, 2017 and $267.2 million at december 31, 2016. these trucks are primarily units returned from matured operating leases in the ordinary course of business, and also includes trucks acquired from repossessions or through acquisitions of used trucks in trades related to new truck sales.
the company recognized losses on used trucks, excluding repossessions, of $45.1 million in 2017 compared to $16.4 million in 2016, including losses on multiple unit transactions of $29.2 million in 2017 compared to $6.8 million in 2016. used truck losses related to repossessions, which are recognized as credit losses, were $5.1 million and $3.4 million in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
•   the currency translation effects reflect a decline in the value of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the mexican peso and the british pound, partially offset by a strengthening euro.
•   results on returned lease assets increased depreciation and other expenses by $31.0 million, primarily due to higher losses on sales of returned lease units.
•   the currency translation effects reflect an increase in the value of foreign currencies, relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, partially offset by a weakening of the british pound.
the company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its financial services operations. the company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. the company's modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. when considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. when the company modifies loans and finance leases for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modifications are classified as troubled debt restructurings (tdr).
credit - no concession               58.2                    .8   %               51.9                    .7   %
credit - tdr                         20.5                    .3   %               31.6                    .4   %
in 2017, total modification activity decreased compared to 2016, reflecting lower volumes of refinancing for commercial reasons, primarily in the u.s. the decrease in modifications for insignificant delay reflects fewer fleet customers requesting payment relief for up to three months. credit - tdr modifications decreased to $20.5 million in 2017 from $31.6 million in 2016 mainly due to the contract modifications for two fleet customers in 2016.
modifications of accounts in prior quarters that were more than 30 days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at december 31, 2017 and 2016. the effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at december 31, 2017 and 2016.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted new federal income tax legislation, the tax cuts and jobs act ("the tax act"). the tax act lowered the u.s. statutory income tax rate from 35% to 21%, imposed a one-time transition tax on the company's foreign earnings, which previously, had been deferred from u.s. income tax and created a modified territorial system. as a result, the company recorded a provisional amount of $304.0 million of deferred tax benefits, due to the re-measurement of net deferred tax liabilities at the new lower statutory tax rate. in addition, the company recorded a provisional amount of $130.6 million of tax expense on the company's foreign earnings, which previously had been deferred from u.s. income tax. these provisional amounts may change in 2018, as new information becomes available, as the tax act continues to be interpreted and as new technical guidance is issued. based on the company's current operations, the company does not expect its future foreign earnings will be subject to significant u.s. federal income tax as a result of the new modified territorial system. the company's effective tax rate for 2018 is estimated at 23% to 25%, reflecting the reduced federal tax rate of 21% and other provisions of the act.
total units                                       140,900        154,700            (9   )
in 2016, industry retail sales in the heavy-duty market in the u.s. and canada decreased to 215,700 units from 278,400 units in 2015. the company's heavy-duty truck retail market share increased to 28.5% in 2016 from 27.4% in 2015. the medium-duty market was 85,600 units in 2016 compared to 80,200 units in 2015. the company's medium-duty market share was 16.2% in 2016 compared to 17.0% in 2015.
the over 16‐tonne truck market in europe in 2016 increased to 302,500 units from 269,100 units in 2015, and daf's market share increased to 15.5% in 2016 from 14.6% in 2015. the 6 to 16‐tonne market in 2016 increased to 52,900 units from 49,000 units in 2015. daf market share in the 6 to 16-tonne market in 2016 increased to 10.1% from 9.0% in 2015.
the company's worldwide truck net sales and revenues decreased to $12.77 billion in 2016 from $14.78 billion in 2015, primarily due to lower truck deliveries in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by higher truck deliveries in europe. truck segment income before income taxes and pre-tax return on revenues decreased in 2016, reflecting the lower truck unit deliveries and lower margins.
•   the currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales reflects a decline in the value of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the british pound and the canadian dollar.
•   the currency translation effect on sales and cost of sales reflects a decline in the value of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the british pound.
new loan and lease unit volume:
•   average debt balances decreased $9.0 million (excluding foreign exchange effects) in 2016. the lower average debt balances reflect lower funding requirements as the higher average earning asset portfolio (which includes loans, finance leases, wholesale and equipment on operating lease) was funded with retained equity.
•   results on returned lease assets increased depreciation and other expenses by $19.2 million, primarily due to gains on sales of returned lease units in 2015 versus losses in 2016.
•   the currency translation effects reflect a decline in the value of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, primarily the mexican peso and british pound.
the company modifies loans and finance leases as a normal part of its financial services operations. the company may modify loans and finance leases for commercial reasons or for credit reasons. modifications for commercial reasons are changes to contract terms for customers that are not considered to be in financial difficulty. insignificant delays are modifications extending terms up to three months for customers experiencing some short-term financial stress, but not considered to be in financial difficulty. modifications for credit reasons are changes to contract terms for customers considered to be in financial difficulty. the company's modifications typically result in granting more time to pay the contractual amounts owed and charging a fee and interest for the term of the modification. when considering whether to modify customer accounts for credit reasons, the company evaluates the creditworthiness of the customers and modifies those accounts that the company considers likely to perform under the modified terms. when the company modifies loans and finance leases for credit reasons and grants a concession, the modifications are classified as troubled debt restructurings (tdr).
credit - no concession               51.9                    .7   %               36.6                    .5   %
credit - tdr                         31.6                    .4   %               44.4                    .5   %
in 2016, total modification activity increased compared to 2015, primarily reflecting higher volume of refinancings for commercial reasons, including a contract modification for one large customer in the u.s. the increase in modifications for insignificant delay reflects more fleet customers requesting payment relief for up to three months. credit - no concession modifications increased primarily due to extensions granted to one customer in australia.
modifications of accounts in prior quarters that were more than 30 days past due at the time of modification are included in past dues if they were not performing under the modified terms at december 31, 2016 and 2015. the effect on the allowance for credit losses from such modifications was not significant at december 31, 2016 and 2015.
liquidity and capital resources:
marketable debt securities          1,367.1          1,140.9          1,448.1
the company's total cash and marketable debt securities at december 31, 2017 increased $675.2 million from the balances at december 31, 2016, mainly due to an increase in cash and cash equivalents.
operating activities:
net income items not affecting cash                              999.5               1,072.7                 910.9
changes in operating assets and liabilities, net                 111.7                 892.1                 104.0
net cash provided by operating activities                      2,715.8               2,300.8               2,556.0
net cash used in investing activities                         (1,964.6   )          (1,564.3   )          (1,974.9   )
net cash used in financing activities                           (393.8   )            (823.5   )            (196.5   )
operating activities:  cash provided by operations increased by $415.0 million to $2.72 billion in 2017. higher operating cash flows reflect higher net income of $1.68 billion in 2017, compared to net income of $521.7 million in 2016, which includes payment of the $833.0 million ec charge. in addition, there were higher cash inflows of $342.2 million from accounts payable and accrued expenses as purchases of goods and services exceeded payments. the higher cash inflows were offset by wholesale receivables on new trucks of $673.6 million as originations exceeded cash receipts in 2017 ($272.0 million) compared to cash receipts exceeding originations in 2016 ($401.6 million). additionally, there was a higher cash usage of $214.0 million from inventory due to $149.9 million in net inventory purchases in 2017 versus $64.1 million in net inventory reductions in 2016. finally, there was a higher cash outflow for payment of income taxes of $160.0 million.
investing activities:  cash used in investing activities increased by $400.3 million to $1.96 billion in 2017 from $1.56 billion in 2016. higher net cash used in investing activities reflects $463.7 million in marketable debt securities as there was $190.8 million in net purchases of marketable debt securities in 2017 compared to $272.9 million in net proceeds from sales of marketable debt securities in 2016. in addition, there were higher net originations of retail loans and direct financing leases of $87.0 million in 2017 compared to 2016. the outflows were partially offset by lower cash used in the acquisitions of equipment for operating leases of $166.5 million.
financing activities:  cash used in financing activities was $393.8 million in 2017 compared to cash used in financing activities of $823.5 million in 2016. the company paid $558.3 million in dividends in 2017 compared to $829.3 million in 2016; the decrease of $271.0 million was primarily due to a lower special dividend paid in january 2017 than the special dividend paid in january 2016. in 2016, the company repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for $70.5 million, while there were no stock repurchases in 2017. in 2017, the company issued $1.67 billion of term debt, increased its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $352.1 million and repaid term debt of $1.90 billion. in 2016, the company issued $1.99 billion of term debt, repaid term debt of $1.63 billion and reduced its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $322.8 million. this resulted in cash provided by borrowing activities of $125.2 million in 2017, $78.3 million higher than the cash provided by borrowing activities of $46.9 million in 2016.
operating activities:  cash provided by operations decreased by $255.2 million to $2.30 billion in 2016. lower operating cash flows reflect lower net income of $521.7 million in 2016, which includes payment of the $833.0 million ec charge, and higher pension contributions of $122.8 million. this was partially offset by $675.0 million from financial services segment wholesale receivables, whereby cash receipts exceeded originations in 2016 ($401.6 million) compared to originations exceeding cash receipts in 2015 ($273.4 million).  in addition, there was a lower cash outflow for payment of income taxes of $281.4 million.
investing activities:  cash used in investing activities decreased by $410.6 million to $1.56 billion in 2016 from $1.97 billion in 2015. lower net cash used in investing activities reflects $567.2 million from marketable debt securities as there was $272.9 million in net proceeds from sales of marketable debt securities in 2016 versus $294.3 million in net purchases of marketable debt securities in 2015 and higher net originations of retail loans and direct financing leases of $100.7 million. this was partially offset by higher cash used in the acquisitions of equipment for operating leases of $151.2 million and higher payments for property, plant and equipment of $88.5 million.
financing activities:  cash used in financing activities was $823.5 million in 2016 compared to cash used in financing activities of $196.5 million in 2015. the company paid $829.3 million in dividends in 2016 compared to $680.5 million in 2015; the increase of $148.8 million was primarily due to an increase for the 2015 special dividend paid in january 2016. in 2016, the company issued $1.99 billion of term debt, repaid term debt of $1.63 billion and reduced its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $322.8 million. in 2015, the company issued $1.99 billion of term debt, increased its outstanding commercial paper and short-term bank loans by $250.7 million and repaid term debt of $1.58 billion. this resulted in cash provided by borrowing activities of $46.9 million in 2016, $616.9 million lower than the cash provided by borrowing activities of $663.8 million in 2015. the company repurchased 1.4 million shares of common stock for $70.5 million in 2016 compared to 3.8 million shares for $201.6 million in 2015, a decline of $131.1 million.
credit lines and other:
the company has line of credit arrangements of $3.52 billion, of which $3.31 billion were unused at december 31, 2017. included in these arrangements are $3.0 billion of syndicated bank facilities, of which $1.0 billion expires in june 2018, $1.0 billion expires in june 2021 and $1.0 billion expires in june 2022. the company intends to replace these credit facilities on or before expiration with facilities of similar amounts and duration. these credit facilities are maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for commercial paper borrowings and maturing medium-term notes. there were no borrowings under the syndicated bank facilities for the year ended december 31, 2017.
at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, the company had cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities of $1.84 billion and $1.33 billion, respectively, which are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries. the company periodically repatriates foreign earnings. dividends paid by foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. parent were nil, $.33 billion and $.24 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the company believes that its u.s. cash and cash equivalents and marketable debt securities, future operating cash flow and access to the capital markets, along with periodic repatriation of foreign earnings, will be sufficient to meet u.s. liquidity requirements.
truck, parts and other the company provides funding for working capital, capital expenditures, r&d, dividends, stock repurchases and other business initiatives and commitments primarily from cash provided by operations. management expects this method of funding to continue in the future.
investments for property, plant and equipment in 2017 increased to $425.7 million from $394.6 million in 2016, reflecting additional investments in the company's manufacturing facilities, new product development and enhanced aftermarket support. over the past decade, the company's combined investments in worldwide capital projects and r&d totaled $6.11 billion, and have significantly increased the operating capacity and efficiency of its facilities and enhanced the quality and operating efficiency of the company's premium products.
capital investments in 2018 are expected to be $425 to $475 million, and r&d is expected to be $280 to $310 million. the company is investing in paccar's new truck models, integrated powertrains, enhanced aerodynamic truck designs, advanced driver assistance and truck connectivity technologies, and expanded manufacturing and parts distribution facilities.
the company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing or may experience significant financial stress, fiscal or political strain and are subject to the corresponding potential for default. the company routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. as of december 31, 2017, the company's exposures in such countries were insignificant.
financial services the company funds its financial services activities primarily from collections on existing finance receivables and borrowings in the capital markets. the primary sources of borrowings in the capital markets are commercial paper and medium-term notes issued in the public markets and, to a lesser extent, bank loans. an additional source of funds is loans from other paccar companies.
the company issues commercial paper for a portion of its funding in its financial services segment. some of this commercial paper is converted to fixed interest rate debt through the use of interest-rate swaps, which are used to manage interest-rate risk.
in november 2015, the company's u.s. finance subsidiary, paccar financial corp. (pfc), filed a shelf registration under the securities act of 1933. the total amount of medium-term notes outstanding for pfc as of december 31, 2017 was $4.45 billion. the registration expires in november 2018 and does not limit the principal amount of debt securities that may be issued during that period. pfc intends to renew the registration in 2018.
as of december 31, 2017, the company's european finance subsidiary, paccar financial europe, had €1.34 billion available for issuance under a €2.50 billion medium-term note program listed on the professional securities market of the london stock exchange. this program replaced an expiring program in the second quarter of 2017 and is renewable annually through the filing of new listing particulars.
in april 2016, paccar financial mexico registered a 10.00 billion peso medium-term note and commercial paper program with the comision nacional bancaria y de valores. the registration expires in april 2021 and limits the amount of commercial paper (up to one year) to 5.00 billion pesos. at december 31, 2017, 6.25 billion pesos were available for issuance.
in the event of a future significant disruption in the financial markets, the company may not be able to issue replacement commercial paper. as a result, the company is exposed to liquidity risk from the shorter maturity of short-term borrowings paid to lenders compared to the longer timing of receivable collections from customers. the company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, syndicated bank lines and current investment-grade credit ratings of a+/a1 will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates and therefore contribute to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. a decrease in these credit ratings could negatively impact the company's ability to access capital markets at competitive interest rates and the company's ability to maintain liquidity and financial stability. paccar believes its financial services companies will be able to continue funding receivables, servicing debt and paying dividends through internally generated funds, access to public and private debt markets and lines of credit.
commitments the following summarizes the company's contractual cash commitments at december 31, 2017:
maturity
($ in millions)           within 1                 1-3                 3-5           more than         total year               years               years             5 years borrowings*               $4,475.7            $3,498.3              $926.3                          $8,900.3
total cash commitments for borrowings and interest on term debt are $9.13 billion and were related to the financial services segment.  as described in note i of the consolidated financial statements, borrowings consist primarily of term notes and commercial paper issued by the financial services segment.  the company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from funds provided by collections from customers on loans and lease contracts, as well as from the proceeds of commercial paper and medium-term note borrowings.  purchase obligations are the company's contractual commitments to acquire future production inventory and capital equipment.  other obligations include deferred cash compensation.
the company's other commitments include the following at december 31, 2017:
commitment expiration
($ in millions)                 within 1                 1-3                 3-5             more than         total year               years               years               5 years loan and lease commitments        $928.6                                                                      $928.6
letters of credit                   11.7                  .5                  .1                   3.0          15.3
loan and lease commitments are for funding new retail loan and lease contracts. residual value guarantees represent the company's commitment to acquire trucks at a guaranteed value if the customer decides to return the truck at a specified date in the future.
this form 10-k includes "adjusted net income (non-gaap)" and "adjusted net income per diluted share (non-gaap)", which are financial measures that are not in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), since they exclude the one-time tax benefit from the tax cuts and jobs act ("the tax act") in 2017 and the non-recurring european commission charge in 2016. these measures differ from the most directly comparable measures calculated in accordance with gaap and may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap financial measures used by other companies.  in addition, the form 10-k includes the financial ratios noted below calculated based on non-gaap measures.
management utilizes these non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's performance and believes these measures allow investors and management to evaluate operating trends by excluding significant non-recurring items that are not representative of underlying operating trends.
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                                   (173.4    )
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                                     (.49    )
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                                      (.9   )%
after-tax return on beginning equity                                      24.7    %               7.5   %
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                                     (2.5   )%
after-tax adjusted return on beginning equity (non-gaap) *                22.2    %              19.5   %
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                       (173.4   )
one-time tax benefit from the tax act                         (.49   )
the company, its competitors and industry in general are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment.  the company believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and that its handling, use and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances have been in accordance with environmental laws and regulations in effect at the time such use and disposal occurred.
the company is involved in various stages of investigations and cleanup actions in different countries related to environmental matters.  in certain of these matters, the company has been designated as a "potentially responsible party" by domestic and foreign environmental agencies. the company has accrued the estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that the company will incur such costs in the future.  expenditures related to environmental activities in the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $1.9 million, $2.2 million and $2.0 million, respectively.  management expects that these matters will not have a significant effect on the company's consolidated cash flow, liquidity or financial condition.
critical accounting policies:
the company's significant accounting policies are disclosed in note a of the consolidated financial statements.  in the preparation of the company's financial statements, in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented.  the following are accounting policies which, in the opinion of management, are particularly sensitive and which, if actual results are different from estimates used by management, may have a material impact on the financial statements.
operating leases trucks sold pursuant to agreements accounted for as operating leases are disclosed in note e of the consolidated financial statements.  in determining its estimate of the residual value of such vehicles, the company considers the length of the lease term, the truck model, the expected usage of the truck and anticipated market demand.  operating lease terms generally range from three to five years.  the resulting residual values on operating leases generally range between 30% and 60% of original equipment cost.  if the sales price of the trucks at the end of the term of the agreement differs from the company's estimated residual value, a gain or loss will result.
future market conditions, changes in government regulations and other factors outside the company's control could impact the ultimate sales price of trucks returned under these contracts.  residual values are reviewed regularly and adjusted if market conditions warrant.  a decrease in the estimated equipment residual values would increase annual depreciation expense over the remaining lease term.
during 2017, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity decreased, resulting in an increase in depreciation expense of $41.2 million. during 2016, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity decreased, resulting in an increase in depreciation expense of $9.6 million. during 2015, market values on equipment returning upon operating lease maturity were generally higher than the residual values on the equipment, resulting in a reduction in depreciation expense of $5.8 million.
at december 31, 2017, the aggregate residual value of equipment on operating leases in the financial services segment and residual value guarantee on trucks accounted for as operating leases in the truck segment was $2.73 billion. a 10% decrease in used truck values worldwide, if expected to persist over the remaining maturities of the company's operating leases, would reduce residual value estimates and result in the company recording an average of approximately $78.1 million of additional depreciation per year.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses related to the company's loans and finance leases is disclosed in note d of the consolidated financial statements.  the company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its two portfolio segments, retail and wholesale. the retail segment consists of retail loans and direct and sales-type finance leases, net of unearned interest.  the wholesale segment consists of truck inventory financing loans to dealers that are collateralized by trucks and other collateral. the wholesale segment generally has less risk than the retail segment. wholesale receivables generally are shorter in duration than retail receivables, and the company requires periodic reporting of the wholesale dealer's financial condition, conducts periodic audits of the trucks being financed and in many cases, obtains guarantees or other security such as dealership assets.  in determining the allowance for credit losses, retail loans and finance leases are evaluated together since they relate to a similar customer base, their contractual terms require regular payment of principal and interest, generally over three to five years, and they are secured by the same type of collateral.  the allowance for credit losses consists of both specific and general reserves.
the company individually evaluates certain finance receivables for impairment. finance receivables that are evaluated individually for impairment consist of all wholesale accounts and certain large retail accounts with past due balances or otherwise determined to be at a higher risk of loss. a finance receivable is impaired if it is considered probable the company will be unable to collect all contractual interest and principal payments as scheduled. in addition, all retail loans and leases which have been classified as tdrs and all customer accounts over 90 days past due are considered impaired. generally, impaired accounts are on non-accrual status.  impaired accounts classified as tdrs which have been performing for 90 consecutive days are placed on accrual status if it is deemed probable that the company will collect all principal and interest payments.
impaired receivables are generally considered collateral dependent.  large balance retail and all wholesale impaired receivables are individually evaluated to determine the appropriate reserve for losses.  the determination of reserves for large balance impaired receivables considers the fair value of the associated collateral.  when the underlying collateral fair value exceeds the company's recorded investment, no reserve is recorded.  small balance impaired receivables with similar risk characteristics are evaluated as a separate pool to determine the appropriate reserve for losses using the historical loss information discussed below.
the company evaluates finance receivables that are not individually impaired on a collective basis and determines the general allowance for credit losses for both retail and wholesale receivables based on historical loss information, using past due account data and current market conditions.  information used includes assumptions regarding the likelihood of collecting current and past due accounts, repossession rates, the recovery rate on the underlying collateral based on used truck values and other pledged collateral or recourse.  the company has developed a range of loss estimates for each of its country portfolios based on historical experience, taking into account loss frequency and severity in both strong and weak truck market conditions. a projection is made of the range of estimated credit losses inherent in the portfolio from which an amount is determined as probable based on current market conditions and other factors impacting the creditworthiness of the company's borrowers and their ability to repay.  after determining the appropriate level of the allowance for credit losses, a provision for losses on finance receivables is charged to income as necessary to reflect management's estimate of incurred credit losses, net of recoveries, inherent in the portfolio.
the adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current market conditions.  as accounts become past due, the likelihood that they will not be fully collected increases.  the company's experience indicates the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts ranges between 30% and 80%.  over the past three years, the company's year-end 30+ days past due accounts were 0.5% of loan and lease receivables.  historically, a 100 basis point increase in the 30+ days past due percentage has resulted in an increase in credit losses of 8 to 38 basis points of receivables.  at december 31, 2017, 30+ days past dues were 0.5%.  if past dues were 100 basis points higher or 1.5% as of december 31, 2017, the company's estimate of credit losses would likely have increased by a range of $6 to $30 million depending on the extent of the past dues, the estimated value of the collateral as compared to amounts owed and general economic factors.
product warranty product warranty is disclosed in note h of the consolidated financial statements.  the expenses related to product warranty are estimated and recorded at the time products are sold based on historical and current data and reasonable expectations for the future regarding the frequency and cost of warranty claims, net of recoveries.  management takes actions to minimize warranty costs through quality-improvement programs; however, actual claim costs incurred could materially differ from the estimated amounts and require adjustments to the reserve.  historically those adjustments have not been material.  over the past three years, warranty expense as a percentage of truck, parts and other net sales and revenues has ranged between 1.3% and 1.4%.  if the 2017 warranty expense had been .2% higher as a percentage of net sales and revenues in 2017, warranty expense would have increased by approximately $36 million.
income taxes income taxes are disclosed in note m of the consolidated financial statements.  the company calculates income tax expense on pre-tax income based on current tax law. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded for future tax consequences on temporary differences between recorded amounts in the financial statements and their respective tax basis.  the determination of income tax expense requires management estimates and judgement regarding the future outcomes of tax law issues included in tax returns and jurisdictional mix of earnings.  the company updates its assumptions on all of these factors each quarter as well as new information on tax laws and differences between estimated taxes and actual returns when filed.  if the company's assessment of these matters changes, the effect is accounted for in earnings in the period the change is made.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.  forward-looking statements include statements relating to future results of operations or financial position and any other statement that does not relate to any historical or current fact.  such statements are based on currently available operating, financial and other information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may affect actual results.  risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: a significant decline in industry sales; competitive pressures; reduced market share; reduced availability of or higher prices for fuel; increased safety, emissions, or other regulations resulting in higher costs and/or sales restrictions; currency or commodity price fluctuations; lower used truck prices; insufficient or under-utilization of manufacturing capacity; supplier interruptions; insufficient liquidity in the capital markets; fluctuations in interest rates; changes in the levels of the financial services segment new business volume due to unit fluctuations in new paccar truck sales or reduced market shares; changes affecting the profitability of truck owners and operators; price changes impacting truck sales prices and residual values; insufficient supplier capacity or access to raw materials; labor disruptions; shortages of commercial truck drivers; increased warranty costs; litigation, including ec-related claims; or legislative and governmental regulations.  a more detailed description of these and other risks is included under the heading part 1, item 1a, "risk factors" in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017.