item 1a. risk factors as a global manufacturer of paints, coatings and specialty materials, we operate in a business environment that includes risks. these risks are not unlike the risks we have faced in the recent past nor are they unlike risks faced by our competitors. each of the risks described in this section could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and liquidity. while the factors listed here are considered to be the more significant factors, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles which may adversely affect our businesses and our results of operations.
increases in prices and declines in the availability of raw materials could negatively impact our financial results.
our financial results are significantly affected by the cost of raw materials. coatings raw materials, which include both organic, primarily petroleum based, materials and inorganic materials, including titanium dioxide, comprise between 70% and 80% of the company's cost of sales, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, sold in most coatings formulations and represent ppg's single largest production cost component.
while not our customary practice, we also import raw materials and intermediates, particularly for use at our manufacturing facilities in the emerging regions of the world. in most cases, those imports are priced in the currency of the supplier and, therefore, if that currency strengthens against the currency of our manufacturing facility, our margins may be lower.
most of our raw materials are purchased from outside sources, and the company has made, and plans to continue to make, supply arrangements to meet the planned operating requirements for the future. adequate supply of critical raw materials is managed by establishing contracts, procuring from multiple sources, and identifying alternative materials or technology whenever possible. the company is continuing its aggressive sourcing initiatives to effectively broaden our supply of high quality raw materials. these initiatives include qualifying multiple and local sources of supply, including suppliers from asia and other lower cost regions of the world, adding on-site resin production at certain manufacturing locations, and a reduction in the amount of titanium dioxide and other raw materials used in our product formulations. our products use both petroleum-derived and bio-based materials as part of a product renewal strategy.
an inability to obtain critical raw materials would adversely impact our ability to produce products. increases in the cost of raw materials may have an adverse effect on our income from continuing operations or cash from operating activities in the event we are unable to offset these higher costs in a timely manner.
refer to item 1. "raw materials and energy" of this form 10-k/a for a discussion of the current year trends and outlook in raw material and energy costs.
the pace of economic growth and level of uncertainty could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
during 2017, economic conditions improved in all of our major geographical regions while remaining mixed by end-use market. ppg provides products and services to a variety of end-use markets in many geographies. this broad end-use market exposure and expanded geographic presence lessens the significance of any individual decrease in activity levels; nonetheless, lower demand levels may result in lower sales, which would result in reduced income from continuing operations and cash from operating activities.
refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this form 10-k/a for discussion of the economic conditions in 2017 and our outlook on certain economic conditions in 2018.
12 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a we are subject to existing and evolving standards relating to the protection of the environment.
environmental laws and regulations control, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the handling, use, treatment, storage and clean-up of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater affected by hazardous substances, and regulate various health and safety matters. the environmental laws and regulations we are subject to impose liability for the costs of, and damages resulting from, cleaning up current sites, past spills, disposals and other releases of hazardous substances. violations of these laws and regulations can also result in fines and penalties. future environmental laws and regulations may require substantial capital expenditures or may require or cause us to modify or curtail our operations, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as described in note 14, "commitments and contingent liabilities," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a, we are currently undertaking environmental remediation activities at a number of our current and former facilities and properties, the cost of which is substantial. in addition to the amounts currently reserved, we may be subject to loss contingencies related to environmental matters estimated to be as much as $100 million to $200 million. such unreserved losses are reasonably possible but are not currently considered to be probable of occurrence.
we are involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, and we may be involved in future lawsuits and claims, in which substantial monetary damages are sought.
ppg is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. those lawsuits and claims relate to contract, patent, environmental, product liability, asbestos exposure, antitrust, employment, securities and other matters arising out of the conduct of ppg's current and past business activities. any such claims, whether with or without merit, could be time consuming, expensive to defend and could divert management's attention and resources. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these potential claims, and the levels of insurance we do maintain may not be adequate to fully cover any and all losses. we believe that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all current lawsuits and claims involving ppg, including those described in note 14, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a, will not have a material effect on ppg's consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. nonetheless, the results of any future litigation or claims are inherently unpredictable, and such outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash from operating activities or financial condition.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the u.s. dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at the average exchange rate during each reporting period, as well as assets and liabilities into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the end of each reporting period. therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against other currencies will affect our net sales, net income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. we may use derivative financial instruments to reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations related to foreign currency transactions. however, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies, could adversely or positively affect our financial condition and results of operations expressed in u.s. dollars. in 2017, changes in the u.s. dollar versus our mix of currencies had a favorable impact on full year net sales and an unfavorable impact on income before income taxes from the translation of foreign earnings into u.s. dollars of approximately $55 million and $7 million, respectively.
we are subject to a variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. laws and regulations which could increase our compliance costs.
we are subject to a wide variety of complex u.s. and non-u.s. laws and regulations, and legal compliance risks, including securities laws, tax laws, environmental laws, employment and pension-related laws, competition laws, u.s. and foreign export and trading laws, and laws governing improper business practices, including bribery. we are affected by new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations, as well as interpretations by courts and regulators. these laws and regulations effectively expand our compliance obligations and potential enforcement actions by governmental authorities or litigation related to them.
new laws and regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their interpretation could increase our compliance costs. for example, regulations concerning the composition, use and transport of chemical products continue to evolve. developments concerning these regulations could potentially impact the availability or viability of some of the raw materials we use in our product formulations and/or our ability to supply certain products to some customers or markets. import/export regulations also continue to evolve and could result in increased compliance costs, slower product movements or additional complexity in our supply chains.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 13
our international operations expose us to additional risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.
ppg has a significant investment in global operations. this broad geographic footprint serves to lessen the significance of economic impacts occurring in any one region. notwithstanding the benefits of geographic diversification, our ability to achieve and maintain profitable growth in international markets is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many countries. as a result of our operations outside the u.s., we are subject to certain inherent risks, including political and economic uncertainty, inflation rates, exchange rates, trade protection measures, local labor conditions and laws, restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of earnings, and weak intellectual property protection. our percentage of sales generated in 2017 by products sold outside the u.s. was approximately 62%.
changes in the tax regimes and related government policies and regulations in the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our results and our effective tax rate.
as a multinational corporation, we are subject to various taxes in both the u.s. and non-u.s. jurisdictions. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in these various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. our future effective income tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets or changes in tax laws or their interpretation. in december 2017, the u.s. enacted the u.s. tax cuts and job act. while the company has made a preliminary assessment of the new legislation's impact on ppg, u.s. regulatory agencies will be issuing further regulations and clarifying interpretations over the next year which could alter the company's conclusions regarding the impact of the new law. further, ppg may continue to refine its estimates to incorporate new or better information as it comes available. recent developments, including the european commission's investigations on illegal state aid as well as the organisation for economic co-operation and development project on base erosion and profit shifting may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities. if our effective income tax rate was to increase, our cash from operating activities, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
although we believe that our tax filing positions are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes may be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. if future audits find that additional taxes are due, we may be subject to incremental tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash from operating activities, financial condition and results of operations.
business disruptions could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
unexpected events, including supply disruptions, temporary plant and/or power outages, work stoppages, natural disasters and severe weather events, computer system disruptions, fires, war or terrorist activities, could increase the cost of doing business or otherwise harm the operations of ppg, our customers and our suppliers. it is not possible for us to predict the occurrence or consequence of any such events. however, such events could reduce our ability to supply products, reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible for us to receive raw materials from suppliers or to deliver products to customers.
integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations.
part of the company's strategy is growth through acquisitions. over the last decade, we have successfully completed more than 50 acquisitions and we will likely acquire additional businesses and enter into additional joint ventures in the future. growth through acquisitions and the formation of joint ventures involve risks, including:
•   difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and products into our existing business;
•   delays in realizing the benefits from the acquired companies or products;
•   diversion of our management's time and attention from other business concerns;
•   difficulties due to lack of or limited prior experience in any new markets we may enter;
•   unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures or product liability;
•   unexpected losses of customers or suppliers of the acquired or existing business;
•   difficulty in conforming the acquired business' standards, processes, procedures and controls to those of our operations; and
•   difficulties in retaining key employees of the acquired businesses.
these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and joint ventures could cause delays in realizing the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or joint ventures and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash from operating activities or financial condition.
14 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a our ability to understand our customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to innovate, develop, produce and market products that meet customer demand is critical to our business results.
our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to customers. this is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs.
we believe the automotive industry will experience significant and continued change in the coming years. vehicle manufacturers continue to develop new safety features such as collision avoidance technology and self-driving vehicles that may reduce vehicle collisions in the future, potentially lowering demand for our refinish coatings. in addition, through the introduction of new technologies, new business models or new methods of travel, such as ridesharing, the number of automotive oem new-builds may decline, potentially reducing demand for our automotive oem coatings.
our future growth will depend on our ability to continue to innovate our existing products and to develop and introduce new products. if we fail to keep pace with product innovation on a competitive basis or to predict market demands for our products, our businesses, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive.
with each of our businesses, an increase in competition may cause us to lose market share, lose a large regional or global customer, or compel us to reduce prices to remain competitive, which could result in reduced margins for our products. competitive pressures may not only reduce our margins but may also impact our revenues and our growth which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate.
increased global information technology security requirements, threats and sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems, networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. despite our efforts to protect sensitive information and confidential and personal data, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches. this could lead to negative publicity, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
we have concluded that certain of our previously issued financial statements should not be relied upon and have restated certain of our previously issued financial statements, which may lead to, among other things, shareholder litigation, loss of investor confidence, negative impact on our stock price and certain other risks.
as discussed in the explanatory note, note 2, "restatement of previously reported consolidated annual financial statements" and in note 19, "quarterly financial information (unaudited)" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a, we have concluded that our previously issued financial statements as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, and for each of the quarterly and year-to-date periods in 2017, and the final quarterly and year-to-date period in 2016, should no longer be relied upon. the determination that the applicable financial statements should no longer be relied upon and that certain financial statements would be restated was made following the identification of misstatements. as a result of these misstatements, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties, including unanticipated costs for accounting and legal fees in connection with or related to the restatement, shareholder litigation and government investigations. any such proceeding could result in substantial defense costs regardless of the outcome of the litigation or investigation. if we do not prevail in any such litigation, we could be required to pay substantial damages or settlement costs.
we are remediating certain internal controls and procedures, which, if not successful, could result in additional misstatements in our financial statements negatively affecting our results of operations.
we are in the process of implementing certain remediation actions. see item 9a. "controls and procedures" of this form 10-k/a for a description of these remediation measures. to the extent these steps are not successful, not sufficient to correct our material weakness in internal control over financial reporting or are not completed in a timely manner, future financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. any of these matters could adversely affect our business, reputation, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and stock price and limit our ability to access the capital markets through equity or debt issuances.
we are involved in governmental investigations, which are costly to conduct and may result in substantial financial and other penalties, as well as adverse effects on our business and financial condition.
prior to filing the current report on form 8-k disclosing our receipt of the internal report on april 19, 2018, we self-reported these issues to the sec. we are cooperating with the sec in its investigation of this matter. the sec investigation is
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 15
continuing, and we are currently unable to predict its duration, scope or results or whether the sec will commence any legal action. if we are found to have violated securities laws or other federal statutes, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, disgorgement, civil and criminal fines and penalties, modifications of compliance programs and the retention of a monitor to oversee compliance. the imposition of any of these sanctions or remedial measures could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, revenues, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (as restated)
as described in note 2, "restatement of previously reported consolidated annual financial statements" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a, we restated our audited financial statements as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 and for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. the impact of the restatement is reflected in management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") of financial condition and results of operations below. we have also restated certain unaudited quarterly results related to the three months ended december 31, 2016, march 31, 2017, june 30, 2017 (and six months ended), september 30, 2017 (and nine months ended) and december 31, 2017. the impact of the restatement to the quarterly 2017 financial statements does not result in material changes to the md&a included in the previously filed forms 10-q. as such, these disclosures have not been included in this form 10-k/a.
performance overview net sales
% change
as restated united states and canada                         $6,307             $6,254             $6,232            0.8%            0.4%
● acquisition-related sales (+1%)
● slightly favorable foreign currency translation
● slightly higher selling prices net sales from acquired businesses, net of divestitures, added over $200 million of sales in 2017, primarily metokote, deutek, univer and the crown group.
u.s. and canada sales volumes declined slightly year-over-year, with mixed demand by business and end-use market segment. sales volumes in architectural coatings u.s. company-owned stores grew by a mid-single-digit percentage, but were more than offset by sales volumes declines in the independent dealer networks and national retail (diy) customer accounts in aggregate. automotive oem coatings sales volumes declined year-over-year and lagged industry demand levels due to a customer-driven market-share shift away from ppg that was offset in other regions of the world. these decreases in sales volumes were partially offset by higher sales volumes in specialty coatings and materials, automotive refinish coatings, general industrial coatings, aerospace coatings and packaging coatings.
emea sales volumes increased a low-single-digit percentage versus the prior year. sales volumes in our automotive oem coatings and aerospace coatings businesses each grew by a mid-single-digit percentage. specialty coatings and materials sales volumes grew by a double-digit percentage, driven by strong silica demand. protective coatings volumes also grew year-over-year. these increases in sales volumes were partially offset by lower demand in architectural coatings.
asia pacific sales volumes expanded by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year led by growth in each business within the industrial coatings segment along with sales volume growth in the architectural coatings business. these increases in sales volumes were partially offset by lower demand in marine coatings year-over-year. from a country and sub-region perspective, sales volumes grew in india, china, and southeast asia versus the prior year. korea sales volumes continued to decline year-over-year primarily due to continued weakness in new shipbuilding.
latin america sales volumes expanded by a mid-single-digit percentage versus the prior year primarily due to above market growth in our automotive oem coatings and general industrial coatings businesses. the automotive oem coatings growth was driven by industry production expansion with the opening of new assembly facilities in mexico. regional sales volumes were lower in architectural coatings versus the prior year primarily due to lower sales volumes in brazil and in mexico due to the impact of the natural disasters during the third quarter.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 21
● acquisition-related sales (+2%)
● unfavorable foreign currency translation (-3%)
acquired businesses added approximately $310 million of sales in 2016, primarily due to the partial year sales from businesses acquired in 2015, including revocoat, ivc industrial coatings, le joint francais and cuming microwave, as well as the 2016 acquisitions of metokote and univer.
sales volume growth, excluding acquisition related sales, grew 1% led by growth in asia pacific and emea, while u.s. and canada sales volumes as a percentage of sales, declined modestly.
u.s. and canada sales volumes declined a low-single-digit percentage year-over-year, with mixed demand by business and end-use market segment. sales volumes in architectural coatings company-owned stores grew by a mid-single-digit percentage, but were more than offset by sales volumes declines in the independent dealer networks and several national retail (diy) customer accounts. automotive oem coatings sales volumes declined year-over-year, in large-part due to lower industry production. these decreases in sales volumes were partially offset by higher sales volumes in automotive refinish coatings and packaging coatings.
emea sales volumes increased a low-single-digit percentage versus the prior year. sales volumes in our automotive oem coatings and general industrial coatings businesses each grew by a mid-single-digit percentage, above market. specialty coatings and materials sales volumes grew by a mid-single-digit percentage, driven by silica demand. these increases in sales volumes were partially offset by modestly lower demand in architectural coatings.
asia pacific sales volumes expanded by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year led by growth in each business within the industrial coatings segment. these increases in sales volumes were partially offset by lower demand in marine coatings year-over-year. from a country and sub-region perspective, sales volumes grew in india, china, and southeast asia versus the prior year. korea sales volumes declined year-over-year primarily due to continued weakness in new shipbuilding.
latin america sales volumes expanded by a low-to-mid-single-digit percentage versus the prior year primarily due to above market growth in our architectural coatings, automotive oem coatings and general industrial coatings businesses.
unfavorable foreign currency translation reduced net sales by approximately $385 million as the u.s. dollar strengthened against most foreign currencies year-over-year, notably the british pound, the mexican peso, and the chinese yuan.
% change
● cost of sales attributable to acquired businesses
● foreign currency translation partially offset by:
● lower manufacturing costs
● foreign currency translation
● lower manufacturing costs partially offset by:
● cost of sales from acquired businesses
% change
● lower net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs
● lower selling and advertising costs
● restructuring cost savings partially offset by:
● selling, general and administrative expenses from acquired businesses
● foreign currency translation
● foreign currency translation
● restructuring cost savings partially offset by:
● selling, general and administrative expenses from acquired businesses
% change
business restructuring (as restated)                  $-                $191            $136            (100.0)%           40.4%
interest expense, net of interest income interest expense, net of interest income decreased $14 million in 2017 versus 2016 primarily due to lower interest rate debt outstanding during 2017. interest expense, net of interest income increased $13 million in 2016 versus 2015 as interest income decreased year-over-year due to lower interest rates and lower average cash deposits on hand.
business restructuring in 2016, ppg recorded a pre-tax business restructuring charge of $191 million (as restated). during 2017, ppg realized approximately $50 million of cost savings related to restructuring actions. once fully implemented, the total annual savings run rate is expected to be approximately $125 million. refer to note 8, "business restructuring" in item 8 of this form 10-k/a for additional information.
in 2015, ppg recorded a pre-tax restructuring charge of $136 million, of which about 85% represented employee severance and other cash charges. as of december 31, 2016, substantially all actions have been completed.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 23
pension settlements during 2017, ppg made lump-sum payments to certain retirees who had participated in ppg's u.s. qualified and non-qualified pension plans totaling approximately $127 million. as the lump-sum payments were in excess of the expected 2017 service and interest costs for the affected plans, ppg remeasured the periodic benefit obligation of these plans in the period payments were made and recorded settlement charges totaling $60 million ($38 million after-tax) during 2017.
during 2016, ppg permanently transferred approximately $1.8 billion of its u.s. and canadian pension obligations and assets to several highly rated insurance companies. these actions triggered remeasurement and partial settlement of certain of the company's defined benefit pension plans. ppg recognized a $968 million pre-tax settlement charge in connection with these transactions. refer to note 13, "employee benefit plans" in item 8 of this form 10-k/a for additional information.
other charges other charges in 2017 were lower than 2016 due to the absence of environmental charges and certain asset write-downs. in 2016, other charges were higher than in 2015 due to environmental charges of $82 million. these charges were principally for environmental remediation at a former chromium manufacturing plant and associated sites in new jersey.
other income other income was higher in 2017 than in 2016 primarily due to the gain from the sale of the mexican plaka business of $25 million. other income in 2016 was higher than in 2015 due to gains totaling $46 million resulting from the sale of a ppg legacy u.s. automotive glass and services business and a u.s. business affiliate, higher equity earnings from a 2017 acquisition of a 40% interest in a joint venture and was partially offset by the absence of certain business transaction-related gains.
% change
*see the regulation g reconciliations - results of operations the effective tax rate for the year-ended december 31, 2017 was 30.7% and increased 3.2% from the prior year primarily due to recording the net charge triggered by the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act. this charge is approximately $37 million higher than the net charge included in ppg's fourth quarter earnings release and form 8-k furnished on january 18, 2018, primarily due to new irs regulations issued and refinements of management estimates.
as reported, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased year-over-year, primarily due to the absence of the pension settlement charge of $616 million after-tax recorded in 2016. refer to the regulation g reconciliations - results of operations for additional information. the company's earnings per diluted share and adjusted earnings per diluted share both benefited from the 7.4 million, 10.7 million and 7.0 million shares of stock repurchased in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
regulation g reconciliations - results of operations ppg industries believes investors' understanding of the company's operating performance is enhanced by the disclosure of net income, earnings per diluted share and the effective tax rate adjusted for certain charges. ppg's management considers this information useful in providing insight into the company's ongoing operating performance because it excludes the impact of items that cannot reasonably be expected to recur on a quarterly basis or that are not attributable to our primary operations. net income and earnings per diluted share adjusted for these items are not recognized financial measures determined in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and should not be considered a substitute for net income or earnings per diluted share or other financial measures as computed in accordance with u.s. gaap. in addition, adjusted net income, earnings per diluted share and the effective tax rate may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as reported by other companies.
24 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a income before income taxes from continuing operations is reconciled to adjusted income before income taxes, the effective tax rate from continuing operations is reconciled to the adjusted effective tax rate from continuing operations and net income (attributable to ppg) and earnings per share - assuming dilution (attributable to ppg) are reconciled to adjusted net income (attributable to ppg) and adjusted earnings per share - assuming dilution below:
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)       income before income taxes            tax expense            effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)              earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                  $2,005                   $615                          30.7   %                                                              $1,369                                   $5.31
charges related to transaction-related costs(1)                                          9                      3                          37.9   %                                                                   6                                    0.02
gain from sale of business                                                             (25   )                 (1   )                       3.2   %                                                                 (24   )                               (0.09   )
charges related to asset write-downs                                                     7                      -                             -   %                                                                   7                                    0.03
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                  income before income taxes             tax expense            effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)              earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                               $779                    $214                          27.5   %                                                                $543                                   $2.04
charges related to transaction-related costs(1)                                                     8                       3                          37.6   %                                                                   5                                    0.03
charge related to business restructuring                                                          191                      50                          26.2   %                                                                 141                                    0.53
charge related to environmental remediation                                                        82                      31                          37.6   %                                                                  51                                    0.20
net gain from disposals of ownership interests in business affiliates                             (46   )                 (16   )                      34.8   %                                                                 (30   )                               (0.12   )
charges related to asset write-downs                                                               23                       7                          30.4   %                                                                  17                                    0.06
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)       income before income taxes        tax expense        effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)          earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                  $1,745               $413                      23.7   %                                                              $1,311                               $4.79
charges related to transaction-related costs(1)                                         44                 14                      33.3   %                                                                  30                                0.10
charge related to business restructuring                                               136                 31                      22.8   %                                                                 105                                0.39
charge related to equity affiliate debt refinancing                                     11                  4                      37.6   %                                                                   7                                0.03
(1)   transaction-related costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees incurred to effect significant acquisitions, as well as similar fees and other costs to effect divestitures not classified as discontinued operations. these costs also include the flow-through cost of sales impact for the step up to fair value of inventory acquired in acquisitions. these costs also include certain nonrecurring severance costs and charges associated with the company's business portfolio transformation.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 25
regulation g reconciliations - quarterly results of operations (unaudited) (as restated)
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                income before income taxes               tax expense             effective tax rate               net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)                earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                             $131                       $40                           30.5    %                                                                  $91                                     $0.33
adjusted for:
business restructuring charge                                                                   191                        50                           26.2    %                                                                  141                                      0.53
environmental remediation charge                                                                 82                        31                           37.6    %                                                                   51                                      0.20
net gain on disposals of ownership interests in business affiliates                             (13    )                   (5    )                      38.5    %                                                                   (8    )                                (0.04    )
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)       income before income taxes             tax expense            effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)              earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                    $446                    $110                          24.7   %                                                                $331                                   $1.28
adjusted for:
transaction-related costs(1)                                                             4                       1                          37.9   %                                                                   3                                    0.01
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)       income before income taxes             tax expense            effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)              earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                    $659                    $157                          23.8   %                                                                $497                                   $1.92
adjusted for:
transaction-related costs(1)                                                             5       2                                          37.9   %   3                                                                       0.01
gain from sale of the plaka business                                                   (25   )                  (1   )                       3.2   %                                                                 (24   )                               (0.09   )
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)   income before income taxes                tax expense               effective tax rate             net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)               earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                          $523                                      $124                 23.7                      %         $393                                                                      $1.52
($ in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)       income before income taxes               tax expense             effective tax rate               net income from continuing operations (attributable to ppg)                earnings per diluted share as reported, continuing operations                                                    $377                      $224                           59.4   %                                                                  $148                                     $0.58
adjusted for:
net tax charge for tax cuts and jobs act                                                 -                      (134    )                       n/a                                                                       134                                      0.52
asset write-downs                                                                       (7    )                    -                              -   %                                                                     7                                      0.03
(1)   transaction-related costs include advisory, legal, accounting, valuation, and other professional or consulting fees incurred to effect significant acquisitions, as well as similar fees and other costs to effect divestitures not classified as discontinued operations. these costs also include the flow-through cost of sales impact for the step up to fair value of inventory acquired in acquisitions. these costs also include certain nonrecurring severance costs and charges associated with the company's business portfolio transformation.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 27
performance of reportable business segments performance coatings
$ change                                % change
performance coatings net sales increased (2%) due to the following:
● net sales from acquisitions (+1%)
● modest foreign currency translation partially offset by:
● slightly lower sales volumes selling prices increased year-over-year primarily due to selling price initiatives across all businesses to combat accelerating raw material cost inflation.
architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific sales volumes declined a low-single-digit-percentage versus the prior year. sales volumes increased by a mid-single-digit percentage in company-owned stores in the u.s. and canada, including the unfavorable impact from natural disasters in the third quarter 2017. this increase was more than offset by sales volume declines in the u.s. and canada independent dealer networks and national retail (diy) customer accounts, as both distribution channels continued to experience soft demand. organic sales improved in both the latin america and asia pacific regions.
architectural coatings - emea net sales increased by a high-single-digit percentage year-over-year, primarily due to acquisition-related sales, principally deutek and univer, which contributed approximately $85 million to net sales. sales volumes were down year-over-year primarily driven by continued weak demand in france and eastern europe, as well as our turning away certain business due to low profitability or lack of customer acceptance of selling price increases. demand growth continued in northern europe, where we continued to outperform the market.
automotive refinish coatings organic sales grew by a low-single-digit percentage year-over-year, led by above-market performance in u.s. and canada as customers continued to adopt ppg's industry leading technologies. organic sales also increased in the latin american region versus the prior year, reflecting high end-use market demand. in asia pacific, net sales increased, largely due to the recent futian xinshi acquisition in china.
aerospace coatings sales volumes grew by a low-single-digit percentage versus the prior year, led by above market performance in europe and consistent with the overall industry demand.
protective and marine coatings sales volumes declined by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year. protective coatings sales volumes expanded in most regions, led by europe, but were more than offset by significant weakness in new shipbuilding activity, primarily in the asia pacific region.
segment income increased $9 million (1%) year-over-year primarily due to selling price increases, lower overhead and manufacturing costs, including the initial benefits from business restructuring actions, partially offset by increasing raw material costs, wage and other cost inflation, and lower sales volumes.
performance coatings net sales decreased (2%) due to the following:
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $260 million (3%), most notably the mexican peso, the british pound, the chinese yuan and the euro.
● net sales from acquisitions (+1%)
architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific organic sales were flat versus the prior year. in the u.s. and canada, sales volumes advanced in the company-owned store channel versus the prior year, mainly due to recent growth-related investments and initiatives. the increase in the company-owned stores channel was more than offset by sales volume declines in national retail (diy) accounts and u.s. independent dealer channel year-over-year, despite diy channel strengthening in the second half of 2016. latin america organic sales were up year-over-year, led by mexico which grew at more than double the mexican gdp growth rate.
architectural coatings - emea sales volumes were flat year-over-year. growth in western europe was offset by reduced demand levels in central europe and in africa, where economies are closely linked to depressed commodity prices. acquisition-related sales from univer in italy added about $10 million in the fourth quarter 2016.
automotive refinish coatings organic sales grew at a low-single-digit percentage rate year-over-year, outperforming end-use market demand levels in the u.s. and canada and asia pacific, as customers continued to adopt ppg's industry leading technologies.
aerospace coatings sales volumes increased modestly year-over-year, in line with industry growth rates. sales growth occurred in all major regions.
protective and marine coatings net sales volumes declined a low-to-mid-single-digit-percentage year-over-year as growth in protective coatings was offset by declines in marine coatings, primarily due to lower shipbuilding activity in the asia pacific region and the ongoing impact of decreased capital investment and maintenance in the oil and gas sector. protective coatings sales volumes grew versus the prior year, led by the u.s. and canada and latin america regions, including benefits from expanded distribution through the ppg-comex concessionaire network.
segment income increased $12 million (+1%) primarily due to the benefits from prior year business restructuring initiatives, modestly higher selling prices, lower manufacturing costs, acquisition-related income (cumings microwave, le joint francais, univer), partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and higher growth-related spending in the u.s. architectural coatings business. segment income margins expanded, increasing 40 basis points year-over-year.
looking ahead in the first quarter 2018, we expect sales volumes in the architectural coatings - americas and asia pacific business to be seasonally lower than the fourth quarter 2017. in addition, overall volume trends by customer channel are anticipated to be consistent with the fourth quarter 2017. the ppg timeless® product, launched in certain home depot® stores in 2017, is projected to continue to meet our sales targets and is being expanded to more locations during 2018. we also anticipate additional growth-related spending of up to $5 million in the first quarter to support the continued momentum in the region. the volume growth trend for architectural coatings - emea is expected to improve modestly in the first quarter 2018, with results remaining uneven by country. we expect continued, high end-use demand in our automotive refinish coatings business as customers continue to adopt ppg's industry leading technologies. in aerospace coatings, we anticipate continued improvement in industry demand growth. the protective and marine coatings business is expected to perform in-line with the market in the first quarter 2018.
we expect raw material costs to remain elevated in the first-quarter 2018 at similar levels experienced in the fourth quarter. further selling price increases in 2018 will be needed to offset more recent raw material inflation. there will be no material benefit from acquisition-related sales in the segment, and, based on mid-january exchange rates, foreign currency translation is expected to have a similar sequential favorable impact on segment sales and income in the first quarter 2018.
due to the timing of the easter holiday, there is one fewer ship day in the first-quarter 2018 compared to first-quarter 2017, which is expected to unfavorably impact global architectural coatings sales volumes by about $20 million to $25 million in net sales. this unfavorable impact will reverse in the second quarter.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 29
$ change           % change
● acquisition-related sales (+3%)
ppg's automotive oem coatings sales volumes increased by a low-single-digit percentage versus the prior year, consistent with the global automotive industry production growth rate, led by china, mexico, europe and brazil. sales volumes declined in the u.s. and canada, partially reflecting fewer automotive new builds.
general industrial coatings and specialty coatings and materials sales volumes, in aggregate, grew by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year. sales volumes grew year-over-year in every major region with mixed demand by end-use market and geography. this growth was led by asia pacific and the u.s., which outpaced regional industrial production demand growth. sales volumes grew across most sub-segments, including year-over-year increases in electronics materials, heavy duty equipment and organic light emitting diode (oled) materials. acquisition-related sales, primarily metokote, added approximately $155 million.
packaging coatings sales volumes grew by a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year, primarily driven by ongoing industry conversions to ppg's new can coatings technologies, led by the u.s.
segment income decreased $70 million (-7%) year-over-year primarily due to increasing raw material costs, lower selling prices and wage and other cost inflation. these cost increases were partially offset by income from higher sales volumes, lower manufacturing and overhead costs, including the initial benefits from business restructuring actions, and acquisition-related income.
● net sales from acquired businesses (+4%)
● unfavorable foreign currency translation of approximately $125 million (2%), most notably the mexican peso, the british pound, the chinese yuan and the euro.
ppg's automotive oem coatings business sales volumes increased a low-single-digit-percentage over the prior year, consistent with global automotive industry production growth. ppg's sales volumes differed by region, led by year-over-year growth in europe and asia pacific, while u.s. and canada sales volumes lagged industry demand levels due to a customer-driven market-share shift away from ppg that was offset in other regions of the world.
general industrial coatings and specialty coatings and materials sales volumes, in aggregate, increased a mid-single-digit percentage year-over-year. sales volume growth was led by asia pacific and emea, and was driven by strong end-market demand for automotive components, electronic materials, and coil and extrusion products. latin america sales volumes advanced moderately, while volumes in the u.s. and canada declined modestly.
packaging coatings sales volumes were up a mid-to-high single-digit percentage year-over-year, primarily driven by continued strong sales growth momentum related to the adoption of ppg's new can coatings technologies. this above market sales volume growth was led by u.s. and canada and asia pacific regions.
segment income increased $57 million (+6%) primarily due to lower manufacturing costs, higher sales volumes, acquisition-related income (metokote, ivc industrial coatings, revocoat) and the benefits from prior year restructuring initiatives, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and modestly lower selling prices. ppg experienced higher transportation and logistics costs required to meet increasing customer demand in asia. segment income margins continued to improve, increasing 30 basis points year-over-year.
30 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a looking ahead in the first quarter of 2018, we expect global automotive industry production growth to be about 1% led by europe and mexico. in china, automotive production is expected to modestly decrease in the first quarter of 2018, reflecting the expiration of a small engine subsidy that had been in effect the past several years. we anticipate solid general industrial demand growth trends to continue in aggregate, but remain mixed by geography and end-use market. ppg's market outperformance is expected to continue. in our packaging coatings business, we anticipate volume growth will continue due to the ongoing industry conversion to bpa non-intent interior can coatings, with ppg's year-over-year growth rates continuing at an above market level in 2018. we expect acquisition-related sales to add approximately $30 million to first quarter 2018 segment sales and, based on mid-january exchange rates, foreign currency translation is expected to have a similar sequential favorable impact on segment sales and income in the first quarter 2018.
segment margin recovery continues to be a priority for 2018. based on recent raw material inflation, segment margin recovery is expected to continue through the first half of 2018. all businesses in the segment have made progress with selling price initiatives and additional price increases have been announced for early 2018. also, efforts to reduce costs remain a key focus in 2018.
review and outlook during 2017, economic conditions improved in all of our major geographical regions while remaining mixed by end-use market. ppg's aggregate organic sales grew 1.5% versus the prior year and were higher in the second half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2017. acquisition-related sales from two acquisitions completed in 2016 and the four completed in 2017 contributed over 1% to net sales growth year-over-year. foreign currency translation was modestly favorable to net sales year-over-year. favorable foreign currency translation experienced in the second half of 2017 slightly offset unfavorable impacts during the first half of the year. raw material inflation rose by a mid-single-digit percentage driven mostly by supply related factors, including an unusual high number of supplier force majeure events in europe, government mandated production curtailments in china to help improve pollution, and severe hurricanes in the u.s. in addition, oil prices moved sharply higher in the second half of the year also contributing to raw material inflation.
u.s. and canada during 2017, the pace of economic activity improved in the u.s. and canada region versus the prior year, with higher industrial production despite lower automotive industry builds. demand in the residential and commercial construction markets were modestly higher in 2017 compared to 2016. new home starts advanced about 2% in 2017 versus approximately 6% in 2016. residential remodeling declined 1% in 2017 versus 2016, while commercial construction was flat compared to 7% growth in 2016. market demand for architectural paint shifted more to trade paint as u.s. unemployment continued to decline. demand in the overall u.s. diy paint market remained soft throughout the year. ppg's architectural coatings performance in the u.s. followed market trends with solid improvement in company-owned same store sales throughout the year. the automotive refinish coatings business benefited from higher miles driven and more congestion on the roads due to lower unemployment. ppg's packaging coatings business continued to expand well ahead of the industry end-use market growth driven by continued strong sales growth momentum related to customer adoption of ppg's new interior can coatings technologies. similar to 2016, ppg's automotive oem coatings business lagged industry demand levels due to a customer-driven market-share shift away from ppg that was offset in other regions of the world. the u.s. and canada region remained ppg's largest, representing approximately 43% of 2017 sales, although a smaller percentage of total sales than in the prior year.
europe, middle east and africa european economic activity improved in 2017 despite continued regional uncertainty over the united kingdom's exit from the european union. overall gdp and industrial production improved in the region. regional demand continued to be mixed by country and end-use market. demand for ppg's products in several end-use markets drove the regional growth rate, including above market performance in automotive oem coatings, aerospace coatings and specialty coatings and materials. ppg's architectural coatings - emea business sales volumes decreased year-over-year, driven by soft market demand in france and more competitive pressures in northern and eastern europe.
emea represented approximately 30% of ppg's 2017 sales, similar to prior year levels. regional coatings volumes remain approximately 13% below their pre-recession levels in 2008. the modest volume recovery reflects the slow pace of economic growth in the region. ppg expects continued volume growth over time at attractive incremental margins due to significant cost structure improvements and available capacity to satisfy additional demand. in the second half of the year, the euro appreciated approximately 5% against the u.s. dollar. the british pound recovered some of its 2016 declines versus the u.s. dollar gaining about 10% from the start of 2017.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 31
asia pacific and latin america the emerging regional markets of asia pacific and latin america represented 27% of ppg's 2017 sales in aggregate, 200 basis points higher than the prior year.
asia remained the largest emerging region, with sales of approximately $2.5 billion, led by china, which continued as ppg's second largest country by revenue. sales volume growth in asia was led by the industrial coatings segment, in part due to strong sales volume growth in general industrial and automotive oem. these increases were partially offset by the continued demand decline in the marine shipbuilding industry.
overall, demand in latin america improved year-over-year, with continued above market growth in mexico and central america. economic conditions modestly improved in south america, primarily led by brazil. in mexico, the ppg-comex business added over 200 new concessionaire locations, and strong growth continued in the automotive industry due to the opening of new automotive assembly plants within the country in the past 18 months. foreign currency translation turned favorable in the second half of the year, principally the mexican peso and chinese yuan. in central america, the company continued to grow organically following a 2015 acquisition to expand its presence in the architectural end-use market.
regional outlook looking ahead to 2018, we expect to continue to operate in a more balanced global growth environment. we anticipate the positive economic trends in 2017 to mostly continue. we expect economic growth rates to remain consistent with 2017 for the u.s. and canada, europe, and asia pacific regions, and we expect the latin america region will increase its economic growth year-over-year, when compared to 2017.
we anticipate ppg's u.s. and canada regional growth will be led by general industrial coatings and packaging coatings, with flat automotive industry builds. we expect growth in the housing and commercial construction markets to be better than 2017.
we expect growth rates in europe to stay at similar levels as 2017 but will remain mixed by sub-region and country. favorable end-use market trends are expected to continue, particularly in automotive oem coatings as industry build growth rates are anticipated to remain positive. market demand is expected to improve in the architectural coatings business. there is greater risk to the economic environment in the u.k. as their exit from the european union progresses.
in asia pacific, we expect continued industrial production growth in china as well as gains in southeast asia and india. in china, we see continued above global average growth with heightened risk as the chinese economy continues to shift and rely more on domestic consumption. the regional declines in marine coatings sales volumes were less severe in the second half of 2017, and we expect a moderate recovery in sales volumes starting in the second half of 2018. automotive build growth is expected to remain modestly positive.
in latin america, we anticipate economic expansion will be led by brazil and that mexico's economic conditions will modestly improve.
significant other factors during 2017, ppg finalized the divestiture of its north american fiber glass business. this is a transformational milestone for the company as it completed the culmination of a multi-year strategic shift in the company's business portfolio. the pre-tax cash proceeds from the sale were approximately $540 million.
in december 2016, ppg initiated a $195 million global restructuring program, with anticipated annual savings of approximately $125 million once fully implemented. the expected cost savings are broadly spread across all regions and all business units. the company achieved approximately $50 million of savings in 2017 and expects to achieve the full annualized target of $125 million by 2019. ppg will continue to aggressively manage the company's cost structure to ensure alignment with the overall demand environment and make adjustments as required to remain competitive in the marketplace.
raw materials are a significant input cost to the process of manufacturing coatings. ppg experiences fluctuating energy and raw material costs driven by various factors, including changes in supplier feedstock costs and inventories, global industry activity levels, foreign currency exchange rates, and global supply and demand factors. in aggregate, average raw material costs were higher in 2017 versus 2016, due to supplier force majeure, natural disasters and environmental regulation enforcement. ppg currently expects overall coatings raw material prices to increase a mid-single-digit percentage in the first half of 2018, with impacts varied by region and commodity.
in 2017, aggregate selling prices were modestly higher year-over-year, reflecting the company's efforts to offset higher raw material costs. we expect to see further benefits from selling price actions taken in 2017 and other actions planned in 2018 to recover profit contribution margins. the company will carefully monitor raw material costs during 2018 and assess the need for additional increases to selling prices to compensate for increases in raw material costs.
32 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a pension and postretirement benefit costs, excluding settlements, curtailments and special termination benefits, totaled approximately $50 million in 2017, down approximately $70 million from 2016. in 2018, we expect pension and other postretirement benefit costs to decrease by approximately $15 million to $20 million due to strong 2017 asset performance improving the expected return on assets component of net periodic benefit cost as well as certain u.s. plan changes made in 2017.
ppg contributed $54 million to its u.s. defined benefit pension plans in 2017 and an additional $25 million in january 2018. in 2017, the company made contributions aggregating $33 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans. in 2018, mandatory contributions to ppg's non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans are expected to be between $20 million and $30 million.
in 2017, unfavorable foreign currency translation experienced in the first half was completely offset by favorable foreign currency translation experienced in the second half of the year. based on mid-january 2018 exchange rates, the company expects year-over-year favorable foreign currency translation to increase 2018 sales by $250 million to $300 million and 2018 income before income taxes by $25 million to $30 million. we expect the foreign currency translation impact to be more prevalent during the first half of 2018, due to prior year foreign exchange rate trends. the foreign currency environment continues to be volatile and the impact on 2018 net sales and income before income taxes could differ from the guidance provided above. the company generally purchases raw materials, incurs manufacturing costs and sells finished goods in the same currency, so we typically incur only modest foreign currency transaction costs.
with the enactment of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, the company's 2018 effective tax rate from continuing operations is expected to be in the range of 23.0% and 24.0%. this range represents the company's best estimate, including the new legislation, however, our estimate is subject to revision as the company completes its assessment of the new law and as additional regulations and interpretations are issued. other factors may affect the expected 2018 effective tax rate positively or negatively throughout the year, including changes to various statutory tax rates and regulations around the world.
over the past four years, the company used $3.4 billion of cash to repurchase about 33 million shares of ppg stock, including over $800 million in 2017. the company ended the year with approximately $3.6 billion remaining under its current share repurchase authorizations. during 2017, the company deployed approximately $325 million for acquisitions and $434 million for dividends. ppg increased its per-share dividend in july 2017, marking the 46th annual increase and the 118th consecutive year of dividend payments. the company is committed to deploying a minimum of $2.4 billion of cash during 2018 on acquisitions and share repurchases as part of our previously communicated commitment to deploy $3.5 billion in 2017 and 2018 combined. in 2017, ppg deployed $1.1 million for acquisitions and share repurchases.
ppg ended 2017 with approximately $1.5 billion in cash and short-term investments. the company expects continued strong cash generation in 2018.
note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a describes the company's recently adopted accounting pronouncements.
accounting standards to be adopted in future years note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a describes accounting pronouncements that have been promulgated prior to december 31, 2017 but are not effective until a future date.
commitments and contingent liabilities, including environmental matters ppg is involved in a number of lawsuits and claims, both actual and potential, including some that it has asserted against others, in which substantial monetary damages are sought. see item 3. "legal proceedings" and note 14, "commitments and contingent liabilities," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for a description of certain of these lawsuits.
as discussed in item 3 and note 14, although the result of any future litigation of such lawsuits and claims is inherently unpredictable, management believes that, in the aggregate, the outcome of all lawsuits and claims involving ppg, including asbestos-related claims, will not have a material effect on ppg's consolidated financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized.
it is ppg's policy to accrue expenses for contingencies when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. reserves for environmental contingencies are exclusive of claims against third parties and are generally not discounted. in management's opinion, the company operates in an environmentally sound manner and the outcome of the company's environmental contingencies will not have a material effect on ppg's financial position or liquidity; however, any such outcome may be material to the results of operations of any particular period in which costs, if any, are recognized. management anticipates that the resolution of the company's environmental contingencies will occur over an extended period of time.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 33
the company continues to analyze, assess and remediate the environmental issues associated with ppg's former chromium manufacturing plant in jersey city, n.j. and associated sites ("new jersey chrome"). information will continue to be generated from the ongoing groundwater remedial investigation activities related to new jersey chrome and will be incorporated into a final draft remedial action work plan for groundwater expected to be submitted to the new jersey department of environmental protection in 2021.
there are multiple, future events yet to occur, including further remedy selection and design, remedy implementation and execution and applicable governmental agency or community organization approvals. considerable uncertainty exists regarding the timing of these future events for the new jersey chrome sites. final resolution of these events is expected to occur over the next several years. as these events occur and to the extent that the cost estimates of the environmental remediation remedies change, the existing reserve for this environmental remediation matter will be adjusted.
liquidity and capital resources (as restated)
during the past three years, ppg has had sufficient financial resources to meet its operating requirements, to fund our capital spending, including acquisitions, share repurchases and pension plans and to pay increasing dividends to shareholders.
cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments
short-term investments               55               43
cash from operating activities - continuing operations
($ in millions, except percentages)                                                        % change
as restated cash from operating activities             $1,551   $1,218   $1,759           27.3%         (30.8)%
the $333 million increase in cash from operating activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to the absence of the prior year funding of the pittsburgh corning asbestos trust (the "trust"), lower defined benefit pension contributions, lower restructuring payments and lower interest payments, partially offset by higher cash taxes paid in 2017 and higher working capital.
the $541 million decrease in cash from operating activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to the after-tax funding of the trust, partially offset by lower working capital and lower defined benefit pension contributions.
operating working capital operating working capital is a subset of total working capital and represents (1) receivables from customers, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, (2) inventories, and (3) trade liabilities. see note 4, "working capital detail" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for further information related to the components of the company's operating working capital. we believe operating working capital represents the key components of working capital under the operating control of our businesses.
34 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a a key metric we use to measure our working capital management is operating working capital as a percentage of sales (fourth quarter sales annualized).
trade creditor's liabilities                                                 2,321                 1,907
operating working capital                                                   $2,071                $2,001
operating working capital as a % of fourth quarter sales, annualized          14.1   %              14.6   %
environmental expenditures
cash outlays related to environmental remediation activities    $44    $47   $109
we expect cash outlays for environmental remediation activities in 2018 to be between $25 million and $75 million.
defined benefit pension plan contributions
u.s. defined benefit pension plans        $54   $134   $224
non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans    $33    $54    $39
ppg contributed $54 million and $25 million to its u.s. defined benefit pension plans during 2017 and in january 2018, respectively. some contributions to ppg's non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans in 2017 were required by local funding requirements. ppg expects to make mandatory contributions to its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans in the range of $20 million to $30 million in 2018. ppg may make voluntary contributions to its defined benefit pension plans in 2018 and beyond.
asbestos settlement trust funding in june 2016, ppg fully funded its portion of the trust that was established by the u.s. bankruptcy court for the western district of pennsylvania in may 2016. ppg's total cash obligations to fund the trust totaled $813 million (pre-tax). all payments were applied against a previously established ppg reserve for the total asbestos trust obligation. the company utilized cash on hand for the payments, and this funding had no impact on ppg's previously stated cash-deployment targets. refer to note 14, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for additional information.
cash used for investing activities - continuing operations
($ in millions, except percentages)                                                     % change
cash (used for)from investing activities   ($63)   $472   ($349)        (113.3)%          235.2%
the $535 million decrease in cash used for investing activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to the absence of the prior year proceeds from the sale of the flat glass business, european fiber glass business and two asian joint ventures, as well as lower capital expenditures, including business acquisitions, partially offset by the current year proceeds from the sale of the north american fiber glass business.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 35
the $821 million increase in cash from investing activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to the proceeds received from the divestiture of the flat glass business, european fiber glass business and two asian joint ventures, partially offset by lower cash received from the maturity of short-term investments.
capital expenditures, including business acquisitions
($ in millions, except percentages)                                                                                              % change
capital expenditures (1)                                           $360           $380           $430              (5.3)%         (11.6)%
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired (2)                    $325           $349           $320              (6.9)%            9.1%
total capital expenditures, including acquisitions                 $685           $729           $750              (6.0)%          (2.8)%
capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions as a % of sales        2.4   %        2.7   %        3.0   %         (11.1)%         (10.0)%
(1) includes modernization and productivity improvements, expansion of existing businesses and environmental control projects.
(2) excluding cash acquired, business acquisitions totaled $332 million, $362 million, and $440 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
capital expenditures related to modernization and productivity improvements, expansion of existing businesses and environmental control projects is expected to be in the range of 2.5% to 3.0% of sales during 2018.
a primary focus for the company in 2018 will continue to be cash deployment focused on profitable income growth, including pursuing opportunities for additional strategic acquisitions.
cash proceeds from divestitures in september 2017, ppg completed the sale of its north american fiber glass business to nippon electric glass co. and received approximately $540 million in pre-tax cash proceeds.
during 2016, ppg finalized the sale of its flat glass business and several other businesses and business affiliates. the company received total pre-tax cash proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion from these business divestitures. refer to note 3, "acquisitions and divestitures" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for additional information.
cash used for financing activities - continuing operations
% change
cash used for financing activities    ($1,954)   ($1,210)   ($812)           61.5%           49.0%
the $744 million increase in cash used for financing activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to repayment of long term debt and higher dividends in 2017, partially offset by issuance of long term debt in 2016 and lower net purchases of treasury stock year-over-year.
the $398 million increase in cash used for financing activities - continuing operations, was primarily due to higher dividends in 2016, higher net purchases of treasury stock year-over-year, lower net issuance of long term debt in 2016, partially offset by lower taxes withheld for share-based payments.
share repurchase activity
we anticipate completing additional share repurchases during 2018. the company has approximately $3.6 billion remaining under the current authorizations from the board of directors, the latest of which was approved in december 2017. the current authorized repurchase programs have no expiration date.
ppg has paid uninterrupted annual dividends since 1899, and 2017 marked the 46th consecutive year of increased annual per-share dividend payments to shareholders. the company raised its per-share dividend by 13% to $0.45 per share in july 2017.
two $250 million term loan credit agreements   2016               500
the ratio of total debt, including capital leases, to total debt and equity was 43% at december 31, 2017 down from 47% in 2016.
credit agreements and lines of credit in december 2015, ppg entered into a five-year credit agreement (the "credit agreement") with several banks and financial institutions as further discussed in note 9, "borrowings and lines of credit" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a. the credit agreement provides for a $1.8 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. the credit agreement will terminate on december 18, 2020. during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, there were no borrowings outstanding under the existing or the prior credit agreement.
in addition to the amounts available under the lines of credit, the company has an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec pursuant to which it may issue, offer and sell from time to time on a continuous or delayed basis any combination of securities in one or more offerings.
see note 9, "borrowings and lines of credit," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for information regarding notes entered into and repaid as well as details regarding the use and availability of committed and uncommitted lines of credit, letters of credit, guarantees and debt covenants.
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 37
contractual obligations we continue to believe that our cash on hand and short term investments, cash from operations and the company's access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital spending, acquisitions, dividend payments, debt service, share repurchases, contributions to pension plans, and ppg's significant contractual obligations. these significant contractual obligations are presented in the following table.
capital lease obligations                        15              4                       5                       2                        4
pension contributions(2)                         55             55                       -                       -                        -
unconditional purchase commitments(3)           124             55                      39                      11                       19
other commitments                               136              6                      56                      13                       61
(2)   includes the high end of the range of the expected mandatory pension contributions for 2018 only and u.s. contributions made in january 2018, as ppg is unable to estimate the pension contributions beyond 2018.
(3)   the unconditional purchase commitments are principally take-or-pay obligations related to the purchase of certain materials, including industrial gases and electricity, consistent with customary industry practice.
other liquidity matters on december 22, 2017, the u.s. enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act") which, among other things lowered the u.s. corporate statutory income tax rate from 35% to 21%, eliminated certain deductible items and added other deductible items for corporations, imposed a tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings and eliminated u.s. taxes on most future foreign earnings. in december 2017, the company recorded a net tax charge of $134 million related to the act. the net charge consists of the tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings of approximately $250 million and a charge of approximately $125 million related to the remeasurement of ppg's u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities at the new enacted statutory rate. these charges were partially offset by a benefit from the reversal of an existing deferred tax liability on repatriated foreign earnings of approximately $150 million and a benefit resulting from ppg's decision to accelerate recognition of certain u.s. tax attributes during the fourth quarter.
this net charge is $37 million higher than the net charge included in ppg's fourth quarter earnings release and form 8-k furnished on january 18, 2018, primarily due to new irs regulations issued and refinements of management estimates. the net charge recorded as a provisional amount as of december 31, 2017 represents the company's best estimate using information available as of february 1, 2018. the company anticipates u.s. regulatory agencies will issue further regulations during 2018, which may alter this estimate. the company is still evaluating among other things, its position with respect to permanent reinvestment of foreign earnings overseas and other related outside basis difference considerations and the amount of tax owed on unrepatriated earnings by subsidiaries. the company believes its remeasurement of the u.s deferred tax assets and liabilities is complete, except for changes in estimates that can result from finalizing the filing of our 2017 u.s. income tax return, which are not anticipated to be material, and changes that may be a direct impact of other provisional amounts recorded due to the enactment of the act. the company will refine its estimates to incorporate new or better information as it comes available through the filing date of its 2017 u.s. income tax returns in the fourth quarter of 2018.
the tax owed by ppg on its unrepatriated foreign earnings is payable over eight years and is subject to a prescriptive calculation to determine the portion payable in 2018 and beyond. ppg's current estimate, using this prescriptive method, indicates its tax payable will be increased by approximately $1 million to $3 million per year through 2025. as such, the portion of the tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings not payable within the next 12 months is presented within "other liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheet.
the company currently expects its 2018 on-going effective tax rate from continuing operations to be in the range of 23% to 24%.
38 2017 ppg annual report and 10-k/a at december 31, 2017, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions, including an accrual of related interest and penalties along with positions only impacting the timing of tax benefits, was $163 million. the timing of payments will depend on the progress of examinations with tax authorities. ppg does not expect a significant tax payment related to these obligations within the next year. the company is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when any significant cash settlements with taxing authorities may occur.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company's off-balance sheet arrangements include the operating leases and unconditional purchase commitments disclosed in the "liquidity and capital resources" section in the contractual obligations table as well as letters of credit and guarantees as discussed in note 9, "borrowings and lines of credit," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a.
critical accounting estimates management has evaluated the accounting policies used in the preparation of the financial statements and related notes presented under item 8 of this form 10-k/a and believes those policies to be reasonable and appropriate. we believe that the most critical accounting estimates made in the preparation of our financial statements are those related to accounting for contingencies, under which we accrue a loss when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated, and to accounting for pensions, other postretirement benefits, business combinations, goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives because of the importance of management judgment in making the estimates necessary to apply these policies.
contingencies contingencies, by their nature, relate to uncertainties that require management to exercise judgment both in assessing the likelihood that a liability has been incurred as well as in estimating the amount of potential loss. the most important contingencies impacting our financial statements are those related to the collectability of accounts receivable, to environmental remediation, to pending, impending or overtly threatened litigation against the company and to the resolution of matters related to open tax years. for more information on these matters, see note 4, "working capital detail," note 13, "income taxes" and note 14, "commitments and contingent liabilities" under item 8 of this form 10-k/a.
defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans accounting for pensions and other postretirement benefits involves estimating the cost of benefits to be provided well into the future and attributing that cost over the time period each employee works. to accomplish this, we make extensive use of assumptions about inflation, investment returns, mortality, turnover, medical costs and discount rates. the company has established a process by which management reviews and selects these assumptions annually. see note 13, "employee benefit plans," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a for information on these plans and the assumptions used.
business combinations in accordance with the accounting guidance for business combinations, the company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. the excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized as goodwill. the valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. in addition to using management estimates and negotiated amounts, the company uses a variety of information sources to determine the estimated fair values of acquired assets and liabilities including: third-party appraisals for the estimated value and lives of identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; third-party actuaries for the estimated obligations of defined benefit pension plans and similar benefit obligations; and legal counsel or other experts to assess the obligations associated with legal, environmental and other contingent liabilities.
the business and technical judgment of management was used in determining which intangible assets have indefinite lives and in determining the useful lives of finite-lived intangible assets in accordance with the accounting guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets.
goodwill and intangible assets the company tests indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill for impairment annually by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair values of a reporting unit or asset is less than its carrying amount. fair values under the quantitative test are estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies that are based on projections of the amounts and timing of future revenues and cash flows. for more information on these matters, see note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," under item 8 of this form 10-k/a.
we believe that the amounts recorded in the financial statements under item 8 of this form 10-k/a related to these contingencies, pensions, other postretirement benefits, business combinations, goodwill and other identifiable intangible
2017 ppg annual report and form 10-k/a 39
assets with indefinite lives are based on the best estimates and judgments of the appropriate ppg management, although actual outcomes could differ from our estimates.
currency comparing exchange rates from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017, the u.s. dollar weakened against the currencies in most countries in which ppg operates, most notably the mexican peso, british pound, chinese yuan and euro. as a result, consolidated net assets at december 31, 2017 increased by approximately $231 million from december 31, 2016.
comparing exchange rates from december 31, 2015 to december 31, 2016, the u.s. dollar strengthened against the currencies in most countries in which ppg operates, most notably the mexican peso, british pound, chinese yuan and euro. as a result, consolidated net assets at december 31, 2016 decreased by approximately $465 million from december 31, 2015.
comparing exchange rates during 2017 to those of 2016, in the countries in which ppg operates, the u.s. dollar was stronger overall, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately $7 million on full year 2017 income before income taxes from the translation of this foreign income into u.s. dollars.
comparing exchange rates during 2016 to those of 2015, in the countries in which ppg operates, the u.s. dollar was stronger overall, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately $70 million on full year 2016 income before income taxes from the translation of this foreign income into u.s. dollars.
forward-looking statements the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the company. management's discussion and analysis and other sections of this annual report contain forward-looking statements that reflect the company's current views with respect to future events and financial performance.
you can identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to current or historic facts. forward-looking statements are identified by the use of the words "aim," "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project," "outlook," "forecast" and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and the company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our reports to the securities and exchange commission. also, note the following cautionary statements.
many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from the company's forward-looking statements. such factors include the impacts of the natural disasters in mexico, puerto rico and the u.s., and their length and severity, any currently unanticipated future impacts from the natural disasters, global economic conditions, increasing price and product competition by foreign and domestic competitors, fluctuations in cost and availability of raw materials, the ability to increase selling price, the ability to recover margins, our ability to maintain favorable supplier relationships and arrangements, the timing of and the realization of anticipated cost savings from restructuring initiatives, difficulties in integrating acquired businesses and achieving expected synergies therefrom, economic and political conditions in the markets we serve, the ability to penetrate existing, developing and emerging foreign and domestic markets, foreign exchange rates and fluctuations in such rates, fluctuations in tax rates, the impact of future legislation, the impact of environmental regulations, unexpected business disruptions, our ability to successfully remediate the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting disclosed in this report within the time periods and in the manner currently anticipated, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, including the identification of additional control deficiencies, further expenditures related to our restatement, the results of governmental actions relating to pending investigations, the results of shareholder actions relating to the restatement of our financial statements and the unpredictability of existing and possible future litigation. however, it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors.
consequently, while the list of factors presented here and under item 1a is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements.
consequences of material differences in the results compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, lower sales or income, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties, other factors set forth in item 1a of this form 10-k/a and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.