item 1a.   risk factors risks relating to our business our indebtedness may affect our business and may restrict our operating flexibility.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $5.2 billion in total consolidated indebtedness. in addition, we had $1.2 billion undrawn availability under our senior unsecured credit facility. subject to restrictions contained in our credit facility, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness incurred to finance acquisitions.
our level of indebtedness and the debt servicing costs associated with that indebtedness could have important effects on our operations and business strategy. for example, our indebtedness could:
•   limit our ability to borrow additional funds;
•   limit our ability to complete future acquisitions;
•   limit our ability to pay dividends;
•   limit our ability to make capital expenditures;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors, some of which have lower debt service obligations and greater financial resources; and
•   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions.
our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. in addition, there can be no assurance that future borrowings or equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms for the payment or refinancing of our indebtedness. if we are unable to service our indebtedness, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
our credit facility contains covenants requiring us to achieve certain financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. a breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions contained in our facility could result in an event of default under this facility. upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit facility, and the expiration of any grace periods, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the facility, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, our assets may not be sufficient to fully repay the amounts due under this facility or our other indebtedness.
several of our operating companies have transactions and balances denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. most of these transactions and balances are denominated in euros, canadian dollars, british pounds or danish kroner. sales by our operating companies whose functional currency is not the u.s. dollar represented 17% and 20% of our total net revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. unfavorable changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and those currencies could significantly reduce our reported revenues and earnings.
we export a significant portion of our products. difficulties associated with the export of our products could harm our business.
sales to customers outside the u.s. by our businesses located in the u.s. account for a significant portion of our net revenues. these sales accounted for 11% of our net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 and 12% for the year ended december 31, 2016. we are subject to risks that could limit our ability to export our products or otherwise reduce the demand for these products in our foreign markets. such risks include, without limitation, the following:
•   unfavorable changes in or noncompliance with u.s. and other jurisdictions' export requirements;
•   unfavorable changes in or noncompliance with u.s. and other jurisdictions' export policies to certain countries;
the occurrence of any of these events could reduce the foreign demand for our products or could limit our ability to export our products and, therefore, could have a material negative effect on our future sales and earnings.
economic, political and other risks associated with our international operations could adversely affect our business.
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017, 20% of our net revenues and 18% of our long-lived assets, excluding goodwill and intangibles, were attributable to operations outside the u.s. we expect our international operations to contribute materially to our business for the foreseeable future. our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside the u.s. including, without limitation, the following:
•   adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, particularly in emerging markets;
•   oil price volatility;
•   subsidies or increased access to capital for firms that are currently, or may emerge as, competitors in countries in which we have operations;
our growth strategy includes acquisitions. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions or integrate acquisitions successfully.
our future growth is likely to depend to some degree on our ability to acquire and successfully integrate new businesses. we intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. there are no assurances, however, that we will be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate terms, obtain financing on acceptable terms, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses or expand into new markets. once acquired, operations may not achieve anticipated levels of revenues or profitability.
acquisitions involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular transaction, there are no assurances that we will properly ascertain all such risks. in addition, prior acquisitions have resulted, and future acquisitions could result, in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness and other expenses. future acquisitions may also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities. difficulties encountered with acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage.
many of our products rely on proprietary technology; therefore we believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. despite our efforts to protect proprietary rights, unauthorized parties or competitors may copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. actions to enforce these rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, and we make no assurances that any such actions will be successful.
product liability, insurance risks and increased insurance costs could harm our operating results.
our business exposes us to product liability risks in the design, manufacturing and distribution of our products. in addition, certain of our products are used in hazardous environments. we currently have product liability insurance; however, we may not be able to maintain our insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to adequately protect us against losses. we also maintain other insurance policies, including directors' and officers' liability insurance. we believe we have adequately accrued estimated losses, principally related to deductible amounts under our insurance policies, with respect to all product liability and other claims, based upon our past experience and available facts. however, a successful product liability or other claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a significant increase in our insurance costs could have an adverse impact on our operating results.
our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction of business with our large customers.
in some of our businesses, we derive a significant amount of revenue from large customers. the loss or reduction of any significant contracts with any of these customers could reduce our revenues and cash flows. additionally, many of our customers are government entities. in many situations, government entities can unilaterally terminate or modify our existing contracts without cause and without penalty to the government agency.
we face intense competition. if we do not compete effectively, our business may suffer.
we face intense competition from numerous competitors. our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access and established customer service capabilities. we may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts or with all of our competitors. in addition, new competitors may emerge, and product lines may be threatened by new technologies or market trends that reduce the value of these product lines. to remain competitive, we must develop new products, respond to new technologies and enhance our existing products in a timely manner. we anticipate that we may have to adjust prices to stay competitive.
the availability and prices of raw materials, parts and components are subject to curtailment or change due to, among other things, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, interruptions in production by suppliers, changes in exchange rates and prevailing price levels. some high-performance components for digital imaging products may be in short supply and/or suppliers may have occasional difficulty manufacturing these components to meet our specifications. in addition, some of our products are provided by sole source suppliers. any change in the supply of, or price for, these parts and components, as well as any increases in commodity prices, particularly copper, could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
environmental compliance costs and liabilities could increase our expenses and adversely affect our financial condition.
our operations and properties are subject to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, including air emissions, water discharges, waste management and workplace safety. these laws and regulations can result in the imposition of substantial fines and sanctions for violations and could, in certain instances, require the installation of pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions and/or decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous substance releases. we must conform our operations and properties to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in the countries in which we operate as these requirements change.
we use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in some of our operations and, as a result, could be subject to potentially material liabilities relating to the investigation and clean-up of contaminated properties and to claims alleging personal injury. we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, costs relating to compliance with environmental laws and regulations. in connection with our acquisitions, we may assume significant environmental liabilities, some of which we may not be aware of at the time of acquisition. in addition, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new clean-up requirements could require us to incur costs or become
the basis for new or increased liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
some of the business areas in which we operate are subject to specific industry and general economic cycles. certain businesses are subject to industry cycles, including but not limited to, the industrial and energy markets. accordingly, a downturn in these or other markets in which we participate could materially adversely affect us. if demand changes and we fail to respond accordingly, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. the business cycles of our different operations may occur contemporaneously. consequently, the effect of an economic downturn may have a magnified negative effect on our business.
our goodwill and intangible assets are a significant amount of our total assets, and any write-off of our intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations.
our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. at december 31, 2017, goodwill totaled $8.8 billion compared to $6.9 billion of stockholders' equity, and represented 62% of our total assets of $14.3 billion. the goodwill results from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets we have acquired. we assess at least annually whether there has been an impairment in the value of our goodwill and indefinite economic life intangible assets. if future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if interest rates rise or if business valuations decline, we could incur a non-cash charge to operating earnings. any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of goodwill or unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations, the effect of which could be material.
we depend on our ability to develop new products, and any failure to develop or market new products could adversely affect our business.
the future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products and to enhance existing products so that we maintain our margin profile. this product development may require substantial internal investment. there can be no assurance that unforeseen problems will not occur with respect to the development, performance or market acceptance of new technologies or products or that we will otherwise be able to successfully develop and market new products. failure of our products to gain market acceptance or our failure to successfully develop and market new products could reduce our margins, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. a shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. computer viruses, cyber-attacks, other external hazards and human error could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruption. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure, service denial or data loss and damage could result in a deterioration of our ability to perform necessary business functions.
a breach in the security of our software could harm our reputation, result in a loss of current and potential customers, and subject us to material claims, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
if our security measures are breached, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data or our users' or customers' data. in addition, cyber-attacks and similar acts could lead to interruptions and delays in customer processing or a loss or breach of customers' data. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. the risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we offer, and operate in more countries.
regulatory authorities around the world have adopted and are considering further adoptions of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. in addition the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the united states, europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner
that is inconsistent with our data practices. if so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
any security breaches for which we are, or are perceived to be, responsible, in whole or in part, could subject us to legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations, which could harm our reputation and result in significant litigation costs and damage awards or settlement amounts. any imposition of liability, particularly liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage, could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. security breaches also could cause us to lose current and potential customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business. moreover, we might be required to expend significant financial and other resources to protect further against security breaches or to rectify problems caused by any security breach.
any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism or natural disasters could adversely impact our financial performance.
if terrorist activity, armed conflict, political instability or natural disasters occur in the u.s. or other locations, such events may negatively impact our operations, cause general economic conditions to deteriorate or cause demand for our products to decline. a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could reduce the demand for our products, and therefore, negatively affect our future sales and profits. any of these events could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report.
we pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. our acquisitions have represented both additions to existing businesses and new strategic platforms.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). a discussion of our significant accounting policies can also be found in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017 included in this annual report.
the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and other supplemental disclosures.
the development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. our management discusses those areas that require significant judgments with the audit committee of our board of directors. the audit committee has reviewed all financial disclosures in our annual filings with the sec. although we believe the positions we have taken with regard to uncertainties are reasonable, others might reach different conclusions and our positions can change over time as more information becomes available. if an accounting estimate changes, its effects are accounted for prospectively or through a cumulative catch up adjustment.
our most significant accounting uncertainties are encountered in the areas of accounts receivable collectibility, inventory valuation, future warranty obligations, revenue recognition (percentage-of-completion), income taxes and goodwill and indefinite-lived impairment analyses. these issues affect each of our business segments and are evaluated using a combination of historical experience, current conditions and relatively short-term forecasting.
accounts receivable collectibility is based on the economic circumstances of customers and credits given to customers after shipment of products, including in certain cases credits for returned products. accounts receivable are regularly reviewed to determine customers who have not paid within agreed upon terms, whether these amounts are consistent with past experiences, what historical experience has been with amounts deemed uncollectible and the impact that economic conditions might have on collection efforts in general and with specific customers. the returns and other sales credit allowance is an estimate of customer returns, exchanges, discounts or other forms of anticipated concessions and is treated as a reduction in revenue. the returns and other sales credits histories are analyzed to determine likely future rates for such credits. at december 31, 2017, our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable was $10.3 million and our allowance for sales returns and sales credits was $2.4 million, for a total of $12.7 million, or 1.9% of total gross accounts receivable, as compared to a total of $14.5 million, or 2.3% of total gross accounts receivable, at december 31, 2016. this percentage is influenced by the risk profile of the underlying receivables, and the timing of write-offs of accounts deemed uncollectible.
we regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. when we use historical usage, this information is also qualitatively compared to business trends to evaluate the reasonableness of using historical information as an estimate of future usage. at december 31, 2017, inventory reserves for excess and obsolete inventory were $38.1 million, or 15.7% of gross inventory cost, as compared to $37.2 million, or 17.0% of gross inventory cost, at december 31,
most of our product-based revenues are covered by warranty provisions that generally provide for the repair or replacement of qualifying defective items for a specified period after the time of sale, typically 12 to 24 months. future warranty obligations are evaluated using, among other factors, historical cost experience, product evolution and customer feedback. our expense for warranty obligations was less than 1% of net revenues for each of the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
revenues related to the use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting are dependent on total costs incurred compared with total estimated costs for a project. during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 we recognized revenue of $249 million, $241 million and $253 million, respectively, using this method. percentage-of-completion is used primarily for major turn-key, longer term toll and traffic and energy projects and installations of large software application projects. at december 31, 2017, $253 million of revenue related to unfinished percentage-of-completion contracts had yet to be recognized.
income taxes can be affected by estimates of whether and within which jurisdictions future earnings will occur and if, how and when cash is repatriated to the u.s., combined with other aspects of an overall income tax strategy. additionally, taxing jurisdictions could retroactively disagree with our tax treatment of certain items, and some historical transactions have income tax effects going forward. accounting rules require these future effects to be evaluated using current laws, rules and regulations, each of which can change at any time and in an unpredictable manner. during 2017, our effective income tax rate was 6.1%, as compared to the 2016 rate of 30.0%. the decrease was due primarily to the recognition of a $215 million net income tax benefit related to the tax act as well as increased excess tax benefits related to equity compensation in 2017 as compared to 2016. we expect the effective tax rate for 2018 to be between 21% and 23%.
we account for goodwill in a purchase business combination as the excess of the cost over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired. goodwill, which is not amortized, is tested for impairment on an annual basis in conjunction with our annual forecast process during the fourth quarter (or an interim basis if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value).
when testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we elect to perform a qualitative assessment and determine that an impairment is more likely than not, we are then required to perform the quantitative impairment test; otherwise, no further analysis is required. under the qualitative assessment, we consider various qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, relevant industry and market trends, cost factors, overall financial performance, other entity-specific events and events affecting the reporting unit that could indicate a potential change in the fair value of our reporting unit or the composition of its carrying values. we also consider the specific future outlook for the reporting unit.
we also may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment and, instead, proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. the quantitative assessment utilizes both an income approach (discounted cash flows) and a market approach consisting of a comparable company earnings multiples methodology to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. to determine the reasonableness of the estimated fair values, we review the assumptions to ensure that neither the income approach nor the market approach provides significantly different valuations. if the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value, no further work is required and no impairment loss is recognized. if the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, a non-cash impairment loss is recognized in the amount of that excess.
key assumptions used in the income and market approaches are updated when the analysis is performed for each reporting unit. various assumptions are utilized including forecasted operating results, strategic plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows, the weighted-average cost of capital, comparable transactions, market data and earnings multiples. while we use reasonable and timely information to prepare our cash flow and discount rate assumptions, actual future cash flows or market conditions could differ significantly and could result in future non-cash impairment charges related to recorded goodwill balances.
recently acquired reporting units generally represent a higher inherent risk of impairment, which typically decreases as the businesses are integrated into our enterprise. negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to our business, actual results significantly below projections, unexpected significant changes or planned changes in the use of the assets, divestitures and market capitalization declines may have a negative effect on the fair value of our reporting units.
we have 33 reporting units with individual goodwill amounts ranging from zero to $2.3 billion. in 2017, we performed our annual impairment test in the fourth quarter for all reporting units. we conducted our analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount. we determined that
impairment of goodwill was not likely in 31 of our reporting units and thus we were not required to perform a quantitative analysis for these reporting units. for the remaining two reporting units, the company performed its quantitative analysis and concluded that the fair value of each of these two reporting units was substantially in excess of its carrying value, with no impairment indicated as of october 1, 2017.
business combinations can also result in other intangible assets being recognized. amortization of intangible assets, if applicable, occurs over their estimated useful lives. trade names that are determined to have an indefinite useful economic life are not amortized, but separately tested for impairment during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year or on an interim basis if an event occurs that indicates the fair value is more likely than not below the carrying value. we first qualitatively assess whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived trade name is less than its carrying amount. if necessary, we conduct a quantitative review using the relief-from-royalty method, which we believe to be an acceptable methodology due to its common use by valuation specialists in determining the fair value of intangible assets. this methodology assumes that, in lieu of ownership, a third-party would be willing to pay a royalty in order to exploit the related benefits of these assets. the fair value of each trade name is determined by applying a royalty rate to a projection of net revenues discounted using a risk-adjusted rate of capital. each royalty rate is determined based on the profitability of the trade name to which it relates and observed market royalty rates. revenue growth rates are determined after considering current and future economic conditions, recent sales trends, discussions with customers, planned timing of new product launches or other variables. trade names resulting from recent acquisitions generally represent the highest risk of impairment, which typically decreases as the businesses are integrated into our enterprise and positioned for improved future sales growth.
the assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. although our forecasts are based on assumptions that are considered reasonable by management and consistent with the plans and estimates management uses to operate the underlying businesses, there is significant judgment in determining the expected results attributable to the reporting units. changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. no impairment resulted from the annual reviews performed in 2017.
we evaluate whether there has been an impairment of identifiable intangible assets with definite useful economic lives, or of the remaining life of such assets, when certain indicators of impairment are present. in the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the cost or remaining period of amortization of any asset may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be performed. if an evaluation is required, the estimated future gross, undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset's carrying amount to determine if a write-down to fair value or a revision in the remaining amortization period is required.
(1)   includes results from the acquisitions of foodlink holdings inc. from july 2, 2014, on center software llc from july 20, 2015, rf ideas inc. from september 1, 2015, aderant holdings inc. from october 21, 2015, black diamond advanced technologies through march 20, 2015, constructconnect from october 31, 2016, deltek, inc. from december 28, 2016, handshake software, inc. from august 4, 2017, workbook software a/s from september 15, 2017 and onvia, inc. from november 17, 2017.
(2)   includes results from the acquisitions of strata decision technologies llc from january 21, 2015, softwriters inc. from february 9, 2015, data innovations llc from march 4, 2015, atlantic health partners llc from september 4, 2015, atlas database software corp. from october 26, 2015, clinisys from january 7, 2016, pci medical from march 17, 2016, geneinsight from april 1, 2016 and uniconnect from november 10, 2016.
(4)   includes results from the acquisition of phase technology from june 21, 2017.
net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 were $4.61 billion as compared to $3.79 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of 21.6%. the increase was the result of contributions from acquisitions of 16.3%, organic growth of 5.3% and no impact from foreign exchange.
in our rf technology segment, net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $651.9 million or 54% over the year ended december 31, 2016. acquisitions accounted for 51% and organic revenues increased by 3%. the increase in organic revenues was due primarily to growth in our software businesses. gross margin was 61.1% for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 56.7% for the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to an increased percentage of revenues from our software businesses, which have a higher gross margin. selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses as a percentage of revenues in the year ended december 31, 2017 increased to 35.3%, as compared to 25.9% in the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to an increased percentage of revenues from our software businesses, which have a higher sg&a structure, including amortization of acquired intangibles. the resulting operating margin was 25.7% in 2017 as compared to 30.8% in 2016.
our medical & scientific imaging segment reported a $47.5 million or 3% increase in net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 over the year ended december 31, 2016, all of which was attributable to organic growth. the growth in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in our medical products businesses, led by ndi, and our alternate site healthcare businesses. gross margin decreased to 72.0% for the year ended december 31, 2017 from 73.2% for the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to an unfavorable sales mix at both our software and medical products businesses. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 37.5% in the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to 38.2% in the year ended december 31, 2016, due primarily to operating leverage on higher sales. the resulting operating margin was 34.5% in the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 35.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016.
in our energy systems & controls segment, net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by $41.1 million or 8% from the year ended december 31, 2016. organic sales increased by 7% and the benefit from foreign exchange and acquisitions totaled 1%. the growth in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in pressure sensors and valves businesses serving energy markets as well as businesses serving industrial end markets. gross margin increased to 57.4% in the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 57.1% in the year ended december 31, 2016 and sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased to 30.0% in the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared to 31.7% in the year ended december 31, 2016, both of which were due to operating leverage on higher sales volume. as a result, operating margin was 27.4% in the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to 25.4% in the year ended december 31, 2016.
interest expense increased $69.0 million, or 61.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was due primarily to higher average debt balances to fund acquisitions at the end of 2016.
other income, net, of $5.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 was composed primarily of a $9.4 million gain on sale of a product line in our energy systems & controls segment, offset in part by a $1.8 million charge on a minority investment and foreign exchange losses at our non-u.s. based companies. other expense of $1.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 was composed primarily of foreign exchange losses at our non-u.s. based companies, offset in part by royalty income.
during 2017, our effective income tax rate was 6.1% as compared to our 2016 rate of 30.0%. the decrease was due primarily to the recognition of a $215 million net income tax benefit related to the tax act as well as increased excess tax benefits related to equity compensation in 2017 as compared to 2016.
the following table summarizes order backlog information at december 31, 2017 and 2016 (dollar amounts in thousands). we include in backlog only orders that are expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months.
net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 were $3.79 billion as compared to $3.58 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of 5.8%. the increase was the result of contributions from acquisitions of 6.8%, negative organic growth of 0.3% and a negative foreign exchange impact of 0.7%.
in our rf technology segment, net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased by $176 million or 17% over the year ended december 31, 2015. acquisitions net of the divestiture of the black diamond advanced technology business added 15%, organic revenues increased by 3%, and the negative foreign exchange impact was 1%. the increase in organic revenues was due primarily to increased sales in our software businesses, offset in part by the completion of large service contracts in our toll and traffic businesses in 2015. gross margin was 56.7% in 2016 as compared to 53.4% in the prior year due to product mix in our toll and traffic businesses as well as an increased percentage of revenues at our software businesses which have a higher gross margin. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues in the year ended december 31, 2016 increased to 25.9%, as compared to 23.3% in the prior year due primarily to an increased percentage of net revenues at our software businesses which have a higher sg&a structure. operating margin was 30.8% in 2016 as compared to 30.2% in 2015.
our medical & scientific imaging segment reported a $147 million or 12% increase in net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 over the year ended december 31, 2015. acquisitions contributed 9%, organic revenues increased 4% and the negative foreign exchange impact was 1%. the increase in organic revenues was due to increased sales in our medical businesses, led by ndi and verathon. gross margin decreased to 73.2% in the year ended december 31, 2016 from 74.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015, due primarily to product mix. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues increased to 38.2% in the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 37.7% in the year ended december 31, 2015, due to a higher sg&a structure in our medical businesses. operating margin was 35.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 36.4% in the year ended december 31, 2015.
net revenues for our industrial technology segment decreased by $39 million or 5.2% for the year ended december 31, 2016 from the year ended december 31, 2015. the divestiture of the abel pumps business in 2015 accounted for a negative 3.1%, organic revenues decreased by 1.5% and the negative foreign exchange impact was 0.6%. the decrease in organic revenues was due primarily to decreased sales in those fluid handling businesses that serve oil and gas markets, offset in part by increased sales in our water metering business. gross margin increased to 50.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 49.8% in the year ended december 31, 2015 due to product mix. sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 21.9%, as compared to 21.0% in the prior year, due primarily to negative leverage on lower sales volume. the resulting operating margin was 28.7% in the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to 28.8% in the year ended december 31, 2015.
corporate expenses increased by $24.7 million to $127.5 million, or 3.4% of net revenues, in 2016 as compared to $102.8 million, or 2.9% of net revenues, in 2015. the increase was due primarily to increased equity compensation costs as a result of both an increase in the number of shares granted in the current year and increases in our common stock price and increased costs related to acquisitions.
interest expense increased $27.3 million, or 32.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was due primarily to higher average debt balances to fund current year acquisitions as well as higher average interest rates throughout 2016.
other expense of $1.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 was composed primarily of foreign exchange losses at our non-u.s. based companies, offset in part by royalty income. other income of $58.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 was composed primarily of the $70.9 million gain from the divestiture of abel pumps (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), offset in part by a $9.5 million impairment charge on a minority investment.
during 2016, our effective income tax rate was 30.0%, which was 60 basis points lower than the 2015 rate of 30.6%. the decrease was due to the recognition of $15.3 million in excess tax benefits in the current year in accordance with an asu related to stock compensation adopted in the first quarter of 2016 (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), as well as the non-recurrence of the 2015 taxable gain on the divestiture of abel pumps which was partially offset by discrete tax benefits from settlements of tax matters in 2015.
the following table summarizes order backlog information at december 31, 2016 and 2015 (dollar amounts in thousands). we include in backlog only orders that are expected to be recognized as revenue within twelve months.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources selected cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows (in millions):
operating activities             $1,234                $964                $929
investing activities               (210   )          (3,753   )          (1,698   )
financing activities             (1,170   )           2,805                 996
operating activities - the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 and in 2016 was primarily due to increased earnings net of non-cash expenses and higher deferred revenue balances due to an increased percentage of revenue from software and other subscription based products. the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 was offset in part by income tax payments in the first quarter of 2016 related to the gain on the sale of the abel pumps business in the fourth quarter of 2015.
investing activities - cash used in investing activities during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was primarily for business acquisitions. cash received from investing activities in 2015 was primarily proceeds from the sale of the abel pumps business.
financing activities - cash used in/provided by financing activities in all periods presented was primarily debt repayments/borrowings as well as dividends paid to stockholders. cash used in financing activities during 2017 was primarily from the pay-down of revolving debt borrowings of $660 million and the repayment of $400 million of senior notes. cash provided by financing activities during 2016 was primarily from the issuance of $1.2 billion of senior notes and revolving debt borrowings for acquisitions.
net working capital (current assets, excluding cash, less total current liabilities, excluding debt) was a negative $140 million at december 31, 2017 compared to negative $25 million at december 31, 2016, due primarily to increased deferred revenues. this deferred revenue increase is due to a higher percentage of revenue from software and subscription-based services along with the impact of fair value purchase accounting resulting from 2016 acquisitions.
total debt was $5.2 billion at december 31, 2017 (43.0% of total capital) compared to $6.2 billion at december 31, 2016 (51.8% of total capital). our decreased debt at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016 was due primarily to the pay-down of revolving debt borrowings of $660 million and the repayment of $400 million of senior notes.
on september 23, 2016, we entered into a five-year unsecured credit facility (the "2016 facility") with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and a syndicate of lenders, which replaced our previous unsecured credit facility, dated as of july 27, 2012, as amended as of october 28, 2015 (the "2012 facility"). the 2016 facility comprises a five year $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which includes availability of up to $150 million for letters of credit. we may also, subject to compliance with specified conditions, request term loans or additional revolving credit commitments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $500 million.
the 2016 facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants which, among other things, limit our ability to incur new debt, enter into certain mergers and acquisitions, sell assets and grant liens, make restricted payments (including the payment of dividends on our common stock) and capital expenditures, or change our line of business. we also are subject to financial covenants which require us to limit our consolidated total leverage ratio and to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio. the most restrictive covenant is the consolidated total leverage ratio which is limited to 3.5 to 1.
on december 2, 2016, we amended the 2016 facility to allow the consolidated total leverage ratio be increased, no more than twice during the term of the 2016 facility, to 4.0 to 1 for a consecutive four quarter fiscal period per increase (or, for any portion of such four quarter fiscal period in which the maximum would be 4.25 to 1 pursuant to the 2016 facility amendment, 4.25 to 1).  in conjunction with the deltek acquistion (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report), we increased the maximum consolidated total leverage ratio covenant to 4.25 to 1 through june 30, 2017 and 4.00 to 1 through december 31, 2017.
at december 31, 2017, we had $3.9 billion of senior unsecured notes and $1.3 billion of outstanding revolver borrowings. in addition, we had $3.1 million of other debt in the form of capital leases and several smaller facilities that allow for borrowings or the issuance of letters of credit in foreign locations to support our non-u.s. businesses. we had $75.9 million of outstanding letters of credit at december 31, 2017, of which $33.1 million was covered by our lending group, thereby reducing our revolving credit capacity commensurately.
we may redeem some or all of these notes at any time or from time to time, at 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium based on a spread to u.s. treasury securities.
we were in compliance with all debt covenants related to our credit facility throughout the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
see note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding our credit facility and senior notes.
cash and cash equivalents at our foreign subsidiaries at december 31, 2017 totaled $592 million. the tax act included a one-time deemed mandatory repatriation tax on all undistributed foreign earnings, resulting in a charge of $110.7 million as of december 31, 2017. the company will elect to pay the liability over 8 years. in addition, the introduction of a modified territorial taxation system resulted in a one-time estimated charge of $28.7 million due to the company's change in its indefinite reinvestment assertion on foreign earnings. the company now intends to distribute all historical earnings subject to the deemed repatriation tax and has provided for deferred taxes related to the future state and foreign tax cost to repatriate. see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for additional information regarding income taxes.
capital expenditures of $48.8 million, $37.3 million and $36.3 million were incurred during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. capitalized software expenditures of $10.8 million, $2.8 million and $2.4 million were incurred during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increases in 2017 as compared to 2016 was due primarily to our 2016 acquisitions. in the future, we expect the aggregate of capital expenditures and capitalized software expenditures as a percentage of annual net revenues to be between 1.0% and 1.5%.
contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments and contingencies the following tables quantify our contractual cash obligations and commercial commitments at december 31, 2017 (in thousands).
capital leases                          3,140                 1,494                 1,061                   529                      47                     9                       -
amounts expiring in fiscal year other commercialcommitments                     totalamountcommitted       2018                2019                2020              2021                2022                    thereafter standby letters of credit and bank guarantees   $75,898                          $28,614              $1,921              $723             $34,006             $10,351           $283
1 we have excluded the liability for uncertain tax positions and other income tax liabilities resulting from the tax act considered "provisional." see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $573.4 million of outstanding surety bonds. certain contracts, primarily those involving public sector customers, require us to provide a surety bond as a guarantee of its performance of contractual obligations.
we believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. although we maintain an active acquisition program, any future acquisitions will be dependent on numerous factors and it is not feasible to reasonably estimate if or when any such acquisitions will occur and what the impact will be on our activities, financial condition and results of operations. we may also explore alternatives to attract additional capital resources.
we anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. however, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2018 (and reduce the associated interest expense) will be affected by, among other things, the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions and the financial performance of our existing companies. none of these factors can be predicted with certainty.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.