item 1a.   risk factors disclosure regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward-looking information about us that is intended to be covered by the safe harbor for "forward-looking statements" provided by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. words such as "guidance," "expect," "will," "may," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," "project," "intend," "should," "can," "likely," "could," "outlook" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. among other sections of this form 10-k, the risk factors and management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations include forward-looking statements. these statements include statements about our plans, strategies and prospects. forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. these statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the expectations will prove to be correct. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements are:
•   general economic and market conditions, including inflation and changes in commodity pricing, fuel, interest rates, labor, risk, health insurance and other variable costs that generally are not within our control, and our exposure to credit and counterparty risk;
•   whether our estimates and assumptions concerning our selected balance sheet accounts, income tax accounts, final capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, available airspace, projected costs and expenses related to our landfills and property and equipment, fair values of acquired assets and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions, and labor, fuel rates and economic and inflationary trends, turn out to be correct or appropriate;
•   competition and demand for services in the solid waste industry;
•   our ability to manage growth and execute our growth strategy;
•   our compliance with, and future changes in, environmental and flow control regulations and our ability to obtain approvals from regulatory agencies in connection with operating and expanding our landfills;
•   the impact on us of our substantial indebtedness, including on our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms to finance our operations and growth strategy and to operate within the limitations imposed by financing arrangements;
•   our ability to retain our investment grade ratings for our debt;
•   the capital intensive nature of our business, which may consume cash in excess of cash flow from operations;
•   exposure to environmental liabilities or remediation requirements, to the extent not adequately covered by insurance, which could result in substantial expenses;
•   risks associated with undisclosed liabilities of acquired businesses;
•   risks associated with pending and future legal proceedings, including litigation, audits or investigations brought by or before any governmental body;
•   severe weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, which could impair our financial results by causing increased costs, loss of revenue, reduced operational efficiency or disruptions to our operations;
•   compliance with existing and future legal and regulatory requirements, including limitations or bans on disposal of certain types of wastes or on the transportation of waste, which could limit our ability to conduct or grow our business, increase our costs to operate or require additional capital expenditures;
•   potential increases in our costs if we are required to provide additional funding to any multiemployer pension fund to which we contribute or if a withdrawal event occurs with respect to any such fund;
•   the negative effect that trends toward requiring recycling, waste reduction at the source and prohibiting the disposal of certain types of wastes could have on volumes of waste going to landfills;
•   a cyber-security incident that could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers; and
•   acts of war, riots or terrorism, including the continuing war on terrorism, as well as actions taken or to be taken by the united states or other governments as a result of further acts or threats of terrorism, and the impact of these acts on economic, financial and social conditions in the united states.
the risks included here are not exhaustive. refer to the risk factors in this item 1a for further discussion regarding our exposure to risks. you should be aware that any forward-looking statement in this form 10-k and the documents incorporated herein or therein by reference or elsewhere, speaks only as of the date on which we make it. additionally, new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, or to assess the impact such risk factors might have on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we undertake no obligation to update or publish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this form 10-k and the documents incorporated by reference, as the case may be, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
general economic conditions can directly and adversely affect our operating results.
our business is directly affected by changes in national and general economic factors and overall economic activity that are outside of our control, including consumer confidence and interest rates. a weak economy generally results in decreases in volumes of waste generated, which adversely affects our revenues. in addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to adjust quickly to match declining waste volume levels. consumer uncertainty and the loss of consumer confidence may decrease overall economic activity and thereby limit the amount of services we provide. additionally, the decline in waste volumes may result in increased competitive pricing pressure and increased customer turnover, resulting in lower revenue and increased operating costs. operating in an environment of worsening economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind recovery in the general economy. accordingly, we cannot assure you that an improvement in general economic conditions will result in an immediate, or any, improvement in our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
weakness in the u.s. economy may expose us to credit risk for amounts due from governmental agencies, large national accounts, industrial customers and others.
weakness in the u.s. economy reduces the amount of taxes collected by various governmental agencies. we provide services to a number of these agencies, including numerous municipalities. these governmental agencies may suffer financial difficulties resulting from a decrease in tax revenue and may ultimately be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. in addition, weakness in the economy may cause other customers, including our large national accounts, or industrial or energy services clients, to suffer financial difficulties and ultimately to be unable or unwilling to pay amounts owed to us. this could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the waste industry is highly competitive and includes competitors that may have greater financial and operational resources, flexibility to reduce prices or other competitive advantages that could make it difficult for us to compete effectively.
we principally compete with large national waste management companies, numerous municipalities, and numerous regional and local companies. competition for collection accounts is primarily based on price and the quality of services. competition for disposal business is primarily based on price, geographic location and quality of operations. one of our competitors may have greater financial and operational resources than we do. further, many counties and municipalities that operate their own waste collection and disposal facilities have the benefits of tax revenue and greater opportunities for tax-exempt financing. our ability to obtain solid waste volume for our landfills also may be limited by the fact that some major collection operations also own or operate landfills to which they send their waste. in certain markets in which we do not own or operate a landfill, our collection operations may have difficulty competing effectively. if we were to lose market share or if we were to lower prices to address competitive issues, it could negatively impact our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we seek to secure price increases necessary to offset increased costs, improve our operating margins and earn an adequate return on our substantial investments in assets such as our landfills. from time to time, our competitors reduce their prices in an effort to expand their market share. contractual, general economic or market-specific conditions also may limit our ability to raise prices. for example, many of our contracts have price adjustment provisions that are tied to an index such as the consumer price index. particularly in a weak u.s. economy, our costs may increase in excess of the increase, if any, in the consumer price index. this may continue to be the case even when the u.s. economy recovers because a recovery in the solid waste industry historically has lagged behind a recovery in the general economy. as a result, we may be unable to offset increases in costs, improve our operating margins and obtain adequate investment returns through price increases. price increases also might cause us to lose volume to lower-cost competitors.
we depend on fuel purchased in the open market to operate our collection and transfer trucks and other equipment used for collection, transfer and disposal. fuel prices are unpredictable and fluctuate significantly based on events beyond our control, including geopolitical developments, actions by the organization of the petroleum exporting countries and other oil and gas producers, changes in refinery operations, supply and demand for oil and gas, war, terrorism and unrest in oil-producing countries, adverse weather and regional production patterns. due to contractual or market factors, we may not be able to offset such volatility through fuel recovery fees. our fuel costs were $349.8 million in 2017, or 3.5% of revenue, compared to $317.0 million in 2016, or 3.4% of revenue.
to manage our exposure to volatility in fuel prices, we have entered into multiple swap agreements whereby we receive or make payments to counter-parties should the price of fuel vary from a specified amount. during 2017, approximately 9% of our fuel volume purchases were hedged with swap agreements. additionally, we are able to collect fuel recovery fees from some customers. at current consumption levels, a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel costs by approximately $25 million on an annual basis. offsetting these changes in fuel expense would be changes in our fuel recovery fee charged to our customers. at current participation rates, we believe a twenty-cent per gallon change in the price of diesel fuel changes our fuel recovery fee by approximately $25 million. accordingly, a substantial rise or drop in fuel costs could result in a material effect to our revenue and cost of operations.
over the last several years, regulations have been adopted mandating changes in the composition of fuels for motor vehicles. the renewable fuel standards that the epa sets annually affect the type of fuel our motor vehicle fleet uses. pursuant to the energy independence and security act of 2007, the epa establishes annual renewable fuel volume requirements for four different categories of renewable fuels (renewable fuel, advanced biofuel, cellulosic biofuel, and biomass-based diesel). these volume requirements set standards for the proportion of refiners' or importers' total fuel volume that must contain renewable fuels (as designated by regulation). the total volume metrics for each year vary based upon a number of factors (e.g., the availability of such fuels), and it is difficult to predict the ultimate quantity that the epa will eventually mandate for future years. these regulations are one of many factors that may affect the cost of the fuel we use.
our operations also require the use of products (such as liners at our landfills) whose costs may vary with the price of petrochemicals. an increase in the price of petrochemicals could increase the cost of those products, which would increase our operating and capital costs. petrochemical prices, and hence our operating and capital costs, may be further affected by regulatory efforts to reduce greenhouse gases from the industries that produce such petrochemicals. we are also susceptible to increases in indirect fuel recovery fees from our vendors.
fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities that we sell to customers may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we purchase or collect and process recyclable materials such as paper, cardboard, plastics, aluminum and other metals for sale to third parties. our results of operations may be affected by changing prices or market requirements for recyclable materials. the resale and purchase prices of, and market demand for, recyclable materials are volatile due to changes in economic conditions and numerous other factors beyond our control. these fluctuations may affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. approximately 77% of our recycling center volume relates to occ, onp and other mixed paper.
historically, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in prices for recycled commodities, we have entered into multiple hedging arrangements whereby we receive or make payments to counter-parties should the price of recycled commodities vary from a specified amount or range. during 2017, we entered into multiple agreements related to forecasted occ sales. at current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a $10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities will change annual revenue and operating income by approximately $20 million and $20 million, respectively, on an annual basis. accordingly, a substantial rise or drop in recycled commodity prices could result in a material effect to our revenue and cost of operations.
adverse weather conditions, including those brought about by climate change, may limit our operations and increase the costs of collection and disposal.
our collection and landfill operations could be adversely impacted by extended periods of inclement weather, or by increased severity of weather and climate extremes resulting from climate change, some of which we may already be experiencing. recent studies suggest that global warming is occurring faster than previously projected, with the epa projecting a 3° to 12° fahrenheit temperature increase in the united states by the end of the century. in addition to sea level rise, this temperature increase is expected to result in more severe droughts, floods, and other extreme weather events. any of these factors could increase the volume of waste collected under our existing contracts (without corresponding compensation), interfere with collection, transfer station and landfill operations, delay the development of landfill capacity or reduce the volume of waste generated by our customers. in addition, adverse weather conditions may result in the temporary suspension of our operations, which can significantly affect our operating results in the affected regions during those periods.
the solid waste industry is a capital-intensive industry and our capital expenditures may exceed current expectations, which could require us to obtain additional funding for our operations or impair our ability to grow our business.
our ability to remain competitive and to grow our business largely depends on our cash flow from operations and access to capital. if our capital efficiency programs cannot offset the effect of inflation and business growth, it may be necessary to increase the amount we spend. additionally, if we make acquisitions or further expand our operations, the amount we spend on capital, capping, closure, post-closure, environmental remediation and other items will increase. our cash needs also will increase if the expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation activities increase above our current estimates, which may occur over a long period due to changes in federal, state or local government requirements and other factors beyond our control. increases in expenditures would negatively impact our cash flows.
we may be unable to obtain or maintain required permits or to expand existing permitted capacity of our landfills, which could decrease our revenue and increase our costs.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain or maintain the permits required to operate because permits to operate new landfills and transfer stations, or to expand the permitted capacity of existing landfills, have become more difficult and expensive to obtain and maintain. permits often take years to obtain as a result of numerous hearings and compliance requirements with regard to zoning, environmental and other regulations. these permits are also often subject to resistance from citizen or other groups and other political pressures. local communities and citizen groups, adjacent landowners, governmental agencies and others may oppose the issuance of a permit or approval we may need, allege violations of the permits under which we currently operate or laws or regulations to which we are subject, or seek to impose liability on us for environmental damage. responding to these challenges has at times increased our costs and extended the time associated with establishing new landfills and transfer stations and expanding existing landfills. in addition, failure to receive regulatory and zoning approval may prohibit us from establishing new landfills or transfer stations or expanding existing landfills. our failure to obtain the required permits to operate our landfills and transfer stations could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, we may have to dispose collected waste at landfills operated by our competitors or haul the waste long distances at a higher cost to one of our other landfills, either of which could significantly increase our waste disposal costs.
if we do not appropriately estimate landfill capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
a landfill must be closed and capped, and post-closure maintenance commenced, once the landfill's permitted capacity is reached and additional capacity is not authorized. further, we undertake remediation activities at some of our solid waste facilities. we have significant financial obligations relating to capping, closure, post-closure and remediation costs at our existing owned or operated landfills, and will have material financial obligations with respect to any future owned or operated landfills. we establish accruals for the estimated costs associated with capping, closure, post-closure and remediation obligations. we could underestimate such costs, and our financial obligations for capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs could exceed the amounts accrued or amounts otherwise receivable pursuant to trust funds established for this purpose. additionally, if a landfill must be closed earlier than expected or its remaining airspace is reduced for any other reason, the accruals for capping, closure, post-closure and remediation could be required to be accelerated. if our capping, closure, post-closure or remediation costs exceed the amounts accrued, or if such accruals are required to be accelerated, this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
most of the states in which we operate landfills require counties and municipalities to formulate comprehensive plans to reduce the volume of solid waste deposited in landfills through waste planning, composting, recycling or other programs. some state and local governments mandate waste reduction at the source and prohibit the disposal of certain types of wastes, such as yard waste, at landfills. further, many of our customers voluntarily are diverting waste to alternatives to landfill disposal, such as recycling and composting, while also working to reduce the amount of waste they generate. many of the largest companies in the u.s. are setting zero-waste goals in which they strive to send no waste to landfills. although such actions help to protect our environment and reduce the impact of waste on climate change, they have reduced, and will in the future reduce, the volume of waste going to landfills and may affect the prices that we can charge for landfill disposal. accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to operate our landfills at their current volumes or charge current prices for landfill disposal services due to possible decreases in demand for such services. if we cannot expand our service offerings and grow lines of business to service waste streams that do not go to landfills and to provide services for customers that wish to reduce waste entirely, this could have a negative effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, even if we can develop such service offerings and lines of business, disposal alternatives nonetheless could have a negative effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the possibility of landfill and transfer station site development projects, or expansion projects not being completed or certain other events could result in material charges to income.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we capitalize certain expenditures relating to development, expansion and other projects. if a facility or operation is permanently shut down or determined to be impaired, or a development, expansion or other project is not completed or is determined to be impaired, we will charge against earnings any unamortized capitalized expenditures relating to such facility or project that we are unable to recover through sale, transfer or otherwise. we also carry a significant amount of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheets, which we must assess for impairment annually, and more frequently in the case of certain triggering events. we may incur charges against earnings in accordance with this policy, or other events may cause impairments. such charges could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
the provision of waste collection, transfer, disposal, recycling and energy services, including the operation of landfills, cng fueling stations, a substantial fleet of trucks and other waste-related assets, involves risks.  these risks include, among others, the risk of truck accidents, equipment defects, malfunctions and failures, improper use of dangerous equipment, the release of hazardous substances, fire and explosion, any of which could result in environmental liability, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption or property damage or destruction. while we carry insurance to cover many contingencies, and seek to minimize our exposure to these risks through maintenance, training and compliance programs, any substantial losses could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to costly environmental regulations and flow-control regulations that may affect our operating margins, restrict our operations and subject us to additional liability.
complying with laws and regulations governing the collection, treatment, storage, transfer and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and materials, air quality and emissions of greenhouse gases, water quality and the remediation of contamination associated with the release of hazardous substances is costly. laws and regulations often require us to enhance or replace our equipment and to modify landfill operations or initiate final closure of a landfill. we cannot assure you that we will be able to implement price increases sufficient to offset the costs of complying with these laws and regulations. in addition, environmental regulatory changes could accelerate or increase expenditures for capping, closure, post-closure and environmental and remediation activities at solid waste facilities and obligate us to spend sums in addition to those presently accrued for such purposes.
our collection, transfer, and landfill operations are and will continue to be affected by state or local laws or regulations that restrict the transportation of solid waste across state, county or other jurisdictional lines or that direct the flow of waste to a specified facility or facilities. such laws and regulations could negatively affect our operations, resulting in declines in landfill volumes and increased costs of alternate disposal.
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could impose costs on our operations, the magnitude of which we cannot yet estimate.
efforts to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases and to ameliorate the effects of climate change continue to progress. our landfill operations emit anthropogenic methane, identified as a greenhouse gas, and our vehicle fleet emits, among other things, carbon dioxide, which also is a greenhouse gas. conventional wisdom still suggests that passage of comprehensive, federal climate change legislation is highly unlikely. nonetheless, should comprehensive federal climate change legislation be enacted, we expect it to impose costs on our operations, the materiality of which we cannot predict.
absent comprehensive federal legislation to control greenhouse gas emissions, the epa is moving ahead administratively under its existing clean air act authority. the epa is compelled to issue rules by the u.s. supreme court's april 2007 massachusetts v. epa ruling that greenhouse gases are "pollutants" for purposes of the clean air act and the epa's december 2009 finding that continued emissions of greenhouse gases endanger human health and welfare. with respect to our light- and heavy-duty vehicle fleet, the epa has since finalized regulations limiting greenhouse gas emissions and increasing fuel economy standards. the epa and the nhtsa have finalized such regulations applicable to heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2018 and to light-duty vehicles through model-year 2025. on august 16, 2016, the epa and the nhtsa issued additional regulations that would impose more stringent standards for heavy-duty vehicles through model-year 2027. federal efforts to curtail greenhouse gas emissions and to increase the fuel efficiency of light-duty and heavy-duty vehicles could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
with regard to greenhouse gas emissions from our landfills, on july 14, 2016, the epa issued amendments to its regulations that require large landfills that commenced construction, reconstruction or modification on or after july 17, 2014 to capture additional landfill gas to reduce emissions of methane and certain non-methane gases, which are recognized as greenhouse gases. in a separate action finalized that same day, the epa issued updates to its 1996 emission guidelines to reduce emissions of landfill gas from existing active landfills. both actions are part of the obama administration's climate action plan - strategy to reduce methane emissions. these regulations may require our landfills to deploy more stringent emission controls and monitoring systems, with resulting capital or operating costs. the application of these or other greenhouse gas regulations to our landfills could have a material adverse effect on our landfill operations and on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may have environmental liabilities that are not covered by our insurance. changes in insurance markets also may impact our financial results.
we may incur environmental liabilities arising from our operations or properties. we maintain high deductibles for our environmental liability insurance coverage. if we were to incur substantial liability for environmental damage, our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover such liability. this could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
also, due to the variable condition of the insurance market, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, increased insurance retention levels and increased premiums or unavailability of insurance. as we assume more risk for insurance through higher retention levels, we may experience more variability in our insurance reserves and expense.
despite our efforts, we may incur additional liability under environmental laws in excess of amounts presently known and accrued.
we are a potentially responsible party at many sites under cercla, which provides for the remediation of contaminated facilities and imposes strict, joint and several liability for the cost of remediation on current owners and operators of a facility at which there has been a release or a threatened release of a "hazardous substance." cercla liability also extends to parties who were site owners and operators at the time hazardous substances were disposed, and on persons who arrange for the disposal of such substances at the facility (e.g., generators of the waste and transporters who selected the disposal site). hundreds of substances are defined as "hazardous" under cercla and their presence, even in minute amounts, can result in substantial liability.
notwithstanding our efforts to comply with applicable environmental laws, we may have additional liability under environmental laws in excess of our current reserves because, among other things, hazardous substances may be present in waste collected by us or disposed of in our landfills (or in waste collected, transported or disposed of in the past by companies we have acquired), environmental laws may change, or there may be adverse environmental conditions that develop or were otherwise previously unknown to us. for example, during 2012 through 2014, we recorded an aggregate of approximately $400 million in charges relating to environmental remediation at our closed landfill in bridgeton, missouri. actual costs for liabilities at bridgeton or other sites could be significantly greater than amounts we have accrued for these purposes. environmental liabilities in excess of our current reserves could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we have substantial indebtedness, which may limit our financial flexibility.
as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $8.3 billion in principal value of debt and capital leases outstanding. this amount of indebtedness and our debt service requirements may limit our financial flexibility to access additional capital and make capital expenditures and other investments in our business, to withstand economic downturns and interest rate increases, to plan for or react to changes in our business and our industry, and to comply with the financial and other covenants of our debt instruments. further, our ability to comply with these financial and other covenants may be affected by changes in economic or business conditions or other events that are beyond our control. if we do not comply with these covenants, we may be required to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, reducing or eliminating dividends or stock repurchases, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, or seeking additional equity capital.
we may be unable to maintain our credit ratings or execute our financial strategy.
our ability to execute our financial strategy depends in part on our ability to maintain investment grade ratings on our debt. the credit rating process is contingent upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our investment grade ratings in the future. if we were unable to do so, our interest expense would increase and our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms may be adversely affected.
our financial strategy also depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in our existing business, fund internal growth, acquire other solid waste businesses, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and take other actions to enhance shareholder value. we cannot assure you that we will succeed in executing our broad-based pricing initiatives, that we will generate sufficient cash flow to execute our financial strategy, that we will be able to pay cash dividends at our present rate, or increase them, or that we will be able to continue our share repurchase program.
currently pending or future litigation or governmental proceedings could result in material adverse consequences, including judgments or settlements.
we are and will continue to be involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of our business. many of these matters raise complicated factual and legal issues and are subject to uncertainties. the timing of the final resolutions to lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings is uncertain. further, the possible outcomes or resolutions to these matters could include adverse judgments or settlements, either of which could require substantial payments and adversely affect our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for example, we incur costs to defend against litigation brought by government agencies and private parties who allege we are in violation of our permits and applicable environmental laws and regulations, or who assert claims alleging nuisance, environmental damage, personal injury or property damage. as a result, we may be required to pay fines or judgments or implement corrective measures, or we may have our permits and licenses modified or revoked. a significant judgment against us, the loss of a significant permit or license, or the imposition of a significant fine could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we establish accruals for our estimates of the costs associated with lawsuits, regulatory, governmental and other legal proceedings. we could underestimate such accruals. such shortfalls could result in significant unanticipated charges to income.
our growth strategy places significant demands on our financial, operational and management resources. to continue our growth, we may need to add administrative, managerial and other personnel, and may need to make additional investments in operations and systems. we cannot assure you that we will be able to find and train qualified personnel, or do so on a timely basis, or to expand or otherwise modify our operations and systems to the extent, and in the time, required.
we may be unable to execute our acquisition growth strategy.
our ability to execute our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to identify and acquire desirable acquisition candidates and on our ability to successfully integrate acquired operations into our business. the integration of our operations with those of acquired companies may present significant challenges to our management. in addition, competition for acquisition candidates may prevent us from acquiring certain acquisition candidates. thus, we cannot assure you that:
•   desirable acquisition candidates exist or will be identified;
•   any acquisitions will be profitable or accretive to our earnings.
businesses we acquire may have undisclosed liabilities.
our due diligence investigations of acquisition candidates may fail to discover certain undisclosed liabilities. if we acquire a company having undisclosed liabilities such as environmental, remediation or contractual liabilities, as a successor owner we may be responsible for such undisclosed liabilities. we try to minimize our exposure to such liabilities by conducting due diligence, by obtaining indemnification from each seller of the acquired companies, by deferring payment of a portion of the purchase price as security for the indemnification and by acquiring only specified assets. however, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain indemnification or that any indemnification obtained will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset any undisclosed liabilities arising from our acquisitions.
our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and necessarily include amounts based on management's estimates. actual results may differ from these amounts. significant items requiring management to make subjective or complex judgments that are inherently uncertain include the recoverability of long-lived assets, the depletion and amortization of landfill development costs, accruals for final capping, closure and post-closure costs, valuation allowances for accounts receivable and deferred tax assets, liabilities for potential litigation, claims and assessments, and liabilities for environmental remediation, multiemployer pension plans, employee benefit plans, deferred taxes, uncertain tax positions, insurance and our estimates of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in any acquisition. we cannot assure you that the liabilities recorded for items such as these will be adequate to cover the costs we ultimately will face.
complying with new accounting rules, laws or regulations could adversely impact our results of operations or cause unanticipated fluctuations in our results of operations or financial conditions in future periods.
as of december 31, 2017, approximately 24% of our workforce was represented by various local labor unions. if our unionized workers were to engage in strikes, work stoppages or other slowdowns, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations and an increase in our operating costs, which could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. additional groups of employees may seek union representation in the future and, if successful, the negotiation of collective bargaining agreements could divert management's attention and result in increased operating costs. if a greater percentage of our workforce becomes unionized, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted due to the potential for increased operating costs.
our obligation to fund multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute, or our withdrawal from such plans, may have an adverse effect on us.
we contribute to 25 multiemployer pension plans under collective bargaining agreements (cbas) covering union-represented employees. approximately 19% of our total current employees participate in such multiemployer plans. we do not administer these plans and generally are not represented on the boards of trustees of these plans. the pension protection act enacted in 2006 (the ppa) requires under-funded pension plans to improve their funding ratios. based on the information available to us, we believe that some of the multiemployer plans to which we contribute are either "critical" or "endangered" as those terms are defined in the ppa. we cannot presently determine the amount of additional funding, if any, we may be required to make to these plans. however, plan assessments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows for a given period.
further, under current law, upon the termination of a multiemployer pension plan, or in the event of a withdrawal by us (which we consider from time to time) or a mass withdrawal of contributing employers (each, a withdrawal event), we would be required to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of the plan's unfunded vested liabilities. we cannot assure you that there will not be a withdrawal event with respect to any of the multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute or that, in the event of such a withdrawal event, the amounts we would be required to contribute would not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
for additional discussion and detail regarding multiemployer pension plans see, note 11, employee benefit plans, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the costs of providing for pension benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in pension fund values and fluctuating actuarial assumptions, and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
we sponsor a defined benefit pension plan that is funded with trustee assets invested in a diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities. our costs for providing such benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in the market value of plan assets. our pension expenses and related funding requirements are also subject to various actuarial calculations and assumptions, which may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, interest rates and other factors. a significant increase in our pension obligations and funding requirements could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the loss of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects.
our future success depends on the continued contributions of several key employees and officers. the loss of the services of key employees and officers, whether such loss is through resignation or other causes, or the inability to attract additional qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and growth prospects.
our operations are increasingly dependent on technology. our information technology systems are critical to our ability to drive profitable growth through differentiation, continue the implementation of standardized processes and deliver a consistent customer experience. one of the five pillars of our strategy is to grow through enabling our customers to do business with us through more channels and with better access to information and, accordingly, we have made substantial investment in our e-commerce platform. problems with the operation of the information or communication technology systems we use could adversely affect, or temporarily disable, all or a portion of our operations. inabilities and delays in implementing new systems can also affect our ability to realize projected or expected revenue or cost savings. additionally, any systems failures could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws.
a cyber security incident could negatively impact our business and our relationships with customers.
we use information technology, including computer and information networks, in substantially all aspects of our business operations. we also use mobile devices, social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees and our customers. such uses give rise to cyber security risks, including security breach, espionage, system disruption, theft and inadvertent release of information. our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property, including customers' personal information, private information about employees, and financial and strategic information about us and our business partners. we also rely on a payment card industry compliant third party to protect our customers' credit card information. while we pursue our strategy to grow through acquisitions and to pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure, we are also expanding and improving our information technologies, resulting in a larger technological presence and corresponding exposure to cyber security risk. if we fail to assess and identify cyber security risks associated with acquisitions and new initiatives, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. additionally, while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents, our preventive measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective. the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of customers, potential liability and competitive disadvantage.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in item 8 of this form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements that anticipate results that are subject to uncertainty. we discuss in more detail various factors that could cause actual results to differ from expectations in item 1a, risk factors in this form 10-k.
overview republic is the second largest provider of services in the domestic non-hazardous solid waste industry, as measured by revenue. as of december 31, 2017, we operated in 40 states and puerto rico through 343 collection operations, 204 transfer stations, 195 active landfills, 90 recycling centers, 7 treatment, recovery and disposal facilities, and 11 salt water disposal wells. we also operated 68 landfill gas and renewable energy projects and had 124 closed landfills.
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased by 7.0% to $10,041.5 million compared to $9,387.7 million in 2016. this change in revenue is due to increases in total price, including fuel recovery fees, of 2.9%, volume of 1.8%, acquisitions, net of divestitures of 0.8%, recycled commodities of 0.9%, and energy services of 0.6%.
withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds                               1.2               -                   5.6           0.1                   4.5            -
(gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net                  (33.9   )        (0.3   )              (0.1   )         -                     -            -
during each of 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recorded a number of charges, other expenses and benefits that impacted our pre-tax income, net income attributable to republic services, inc. (net income - republic) and diluted earnings per share as noted in the following table (in millions, except per share data). additionally, see our "cost of operations," "selling, general and administrative expenses" and "income taxes" discussions contained in the results of operations section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a discussion of other items that impacted our earnings.
withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds (1)                      1.2                     0.7                0.00                    5.6                   3.4                0.01        4.5                      2.7                             0.01
gain on business divestitures and impairments, net                    (33.9    )               (9.1    )          (0.03    )              (0.1    )        -                     -                  -                         -                               -
we believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (u.s. gaap), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. we use these measures, and believe investors will find them helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. we have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. although our business regularly incurs startup costs under municipal contracts, we specifically identify in the table above the startup costs with respect to an individual municipal contract (and do not adjust for other startup costs under other contracts in 2017). we do this because of the magnitude of the costs involved with this particular municipal contract and the unusual nature for the time period in which they are incurred. in the case of the bridgeton insurance recovery, we are adjusting such amounts due to their significant effect on our operating results; however, in the ordinary course of our business, we often incur recoveries that we do not adjust from our operating results. we are adjusting for the impact associated with our adoption of the tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act) due to the significant decrease in the federal corporate tax rate and the magnitude of the effect on our operating results. our definition of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds. during 2017, we recorded charges to earnings of $1.2 million for withdrawal events at the multiemployer pension funds to which we contribute. during 2016 and 2015, we recorded charges to earnings of $5.6 million and $4.5 million, respectively, for withdrawal events at the multiemployer pension funds to which we contribute related to our operations in puerto rico.
restructuring charges. in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining our three regions into two field groups, consolidating our areas and streamlining select operational support roles at our phoenix headquarters. these changes included reducing administrative staffing levels, relocating office space and closing certain office locations. the savings realized from the realignment were reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. additionally, in the second quarter of 2016, we began the redesign of our back-office functions as well as the consolidation of over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers.
during 2017 and 2016, we incurred $17.6 million and $40.7 million of restructuring charges, respectively, that consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms.
in january 2018, we eliminated certain positions following the consolidation of select back office functions, including but not limited to the integration of our national accounts support functions into our existing corporate support functions.  these changes include a reduction in administrative staffing and closing of certain office locations.  in 2018, we expect to incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million to $30 million primarily related to employee severance costs, lease exit and contract termination costs and the relocation of certain employees. we expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million.  substantially all of these restructuring charges will be recorded in our corporate segment.
loss on extinguishment of debt. in the fourth quarter of 2017 we retired $86.7 million of 5.25% tax-exempt bonds due june 2023, resulting in a non-cash charge for deferred issuance costs of $0.8 million. during 2016, we priced cash tender offers to purchase $575.4 million of outstanding notes and debentures with coupons ranging from 5.7% to 7.4% (the existing notes). additionally, we issued $500.0 million of 2.90% senior notes due 2026 (the 2.90% notes) and used the net proceeds of the offering, together with borrowing under our credit facilities, to purchase the $575.4 million of the combined aggregate principal amount of the existing notes. we also used the net proceeds to pay a premium due of $148.1 million and early tender consideration of $28.7 million.
(gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net. during 2017, we recorded a net gain on business divestitures and asset impairments related to business divestitures of $27.1 million. we also recorded a net gain on business divestitures and asset impairments of $6.8 million due to the transfer of ownership of the landfill gas collection and control system and the remaining post-closure and environmental liabilities associated with one of our divested landfills. during 2016, we recorded a charge to earnings of $4.6 million primarily related to environmental costs associated with one of our divested landfills. during 2016, we also recorded a net gain related to a business divestiture of $4.7 million.
adoption of the tax act. the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017.  among other things, the tax act reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%.  accordingly, we re-measured our deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to reverse in the future. however, we are still analyzing certain aspects of the tax act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of these balances. the provisional amount recorded at december 31, 2017 reduced our tax provision by $463.9 million, primarily due to a reduction in our deferred tax liabilities.
2018 financial guidance in 2018, we will continue to focus on managing the controllable aspects of our business by enhancing the quality of our revenue, investing in profitable growth opportunities and reducing costs. our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. we are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returns to our shareholders.
our guidance is based on current economic conditions and does not assume any significant changes in the overall economy in 2018. specific guidance follows:
recycled commodities                                    (1.0 to 0.75)
acquisitions                                                      2.0
adoption of the new revenue recognition standard               (3.75)
changes in price are restricted on approximately 50% of our annual service revenue.  the majority of these restricted pricing arrangements are tied to fluctuations in a specific index (primarily a consumer price index) as defined in the contract. the consumer price index varies from a single historical stated period of time or an average of trailing historical rates over a stated period of time. in addition, the initial effect of pricing resets typically lags 6 to 12 months from the end of the index measurement period to the date the revised pricing goes into effect. as a result, current changes in a specific index may not manifest themselves in our reported pricing for several quarters into the future.
adjusted diluted earnings per share the following is a summary of anticipated adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ending december 31, 2018 compared to the actual adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2017. adjusted diluted earnings per share is not a measure determined in accordance with u.s. gaap:
withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds              -                                       0.00
(gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net   -                                      (0.03       )
we believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds, restructuring charges, loss on extinguishment of debt, (gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net, incremental contract startup costs, and the impact of the tax act provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. we use this measure, and believe investors will find it helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. we have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
results of operations revenue we generate revenue primarily from our solid waste collection operations. our remaining revenue is from other services, including transfer station, landfill disposal, recycling, and energy services. our residential and small-container collection operations in some markets are based on long-term contracts with municipalities. certain of our municipal contracts have annual price escalation clauses that are tied to changes in an underlying base index such as a consumer price index. we generally provide small-container and large-container collection services to customers under contracts with terms up to three years. our transfer stations, landfills and, to a lesser extent, our recycling facilities generate revenue from disposal or tipping fees charged to third parties. in general, we integrate our recycling operations with our collection operations and obtain revenue from the sale of recycled commodities. our revenue from energy services consists mainly of fees we charge for the treatment and disposal of liquid and solid waste derived from the production of oil and natural gas. other revenue consists primarily of revenue from national accounts, which represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide or regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations.
sale of recycled commodities         539.2           5.4                 420.4           4.5                 372.0           4.1
recycled commodities               0.9            0.5           (0.7   )
acquisitions / divestitures, net   0.8            0.6            2.2
average yield is defined as revenue growth from the change in average price per unit of service, expressed as a percentage. core price is defined as price increases to our customers and fees, excluding fuel recovery, net of price decreases to retain customers. we also measure changes in average yield and core price as a percentage of related-business revenue, defined as total revenue excluding recycled commodities and fuel recovery fees, to determine the effectiveness of our pricing strategies. average yield as a percentage of related-business revenue was 2.6%, 2.3%, and 2.6% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. core price as a percentage of related-business revenue was 4.3%, 3.7%, and 4.0% for 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   average yield increased revenue by 2.5% due to positive pricing in all lines of business.
•   the fuel recovery fee program, which mitigates our exposure to increases in fuel prices, increased revenue by 0.4%. these fees fluctuate with the price of fuel and, consequently, any decrease in fuel prices results in a decrease in our revenue. higher fuel recovery fees for 2017 resulted primarily from the increase in fuel prices when compared to fuel prices for the same period in 2016.
•   volume increased revenue by 1.8% primarily due to volume growth in our large-container collection, landfill and transfer station lines of business, which were partially offset by volume declines in our small-container collection line of business. the volume increase in our landfill line of business is primarily attributable to increased special waste and construction and demolition volumes.
•   recycled commodities increased revenue by 0.9% primarily due to increased commodity prices. the average price for old corrugated containers for 2017 was $159 per ton compared to $114 per ton for 2016. the average price of old newsprint for 2017 was $100 per ton compared to $99 per ton for 2016. our processed recycled commodity volume was approximately 2.5 million tons sold for both 2017 and 2016.
changing market demand for recycled commodities causes volatility in commodity prices. at current volumes and mix of materials, we believe a $10 per ton change in the price of recycled commodities will change annual revenue and operating income by approximately $20 million and $20 million, respectively.
•   acquisitions increased revenue by 0.8% due to our continued acquisition growth strategy of acquiring privately held solid waste and recycling companies that complement our existing business platform.
•   average yield increased revenue by 2.1% due to positive pricing in all lines of business.
•   the fuel recovery fee program, which mitigates our exposure to increases in fuel prices, decreased revenue by 0.8%. these fees fluctuate with the price of fuel and, consequently, any decrease in fuel prices results in a decrease in our revenue. lower fuel recovery fees for 2016 resulted primarily from the decrease in fuel prices.
•   volume increased revenue by 1.0% primarily due to volume growth in our large-container collection, landfill and transfer station lines of business, which were partially offset by volume declines in our residential collection line of business. the volume increase in our landfill line of business is primarily attributable to increased municipal solid waste and construction and demolition volumes offset by declines in our special waste volume.
•   recycled commodities increased revenue by 0.5% primarily due to increased commodity prices and processing fees. the average price for old corrugated containers for 2016 was $114 per ton compared to $103 per ton for 2015. the average price of old newsprint for 2016 was $99 per ton compared to $80 per ton for 2015. our processed recycled commodity volume was approximately 2.5 million tons sold for both 2016 and 2015.
•   acquisitions increased revenue by 0.6% primarily due to our continued acquisition growth strategy of acquiring privately held solid waste and recycling companies that complement our existing business platform.
cost of operations cost of operations includes labor and related benefits, which consists of salaries and wages, health and welfare benefits, incentive compensation and payroll taxes. it also includes transfer and disposal costs representing tipping fees paid to third party disposal facilities and transfer stations; maintenance and repairs relating to our vehicles, equipment and containers, including related labor and benefit costs; transportation and subcontractor costs, which include costs for independent haulers that transport our waste to disposal facilities and costs for local operators who provide waste handling services associated with our national accounts in markets outside our standard operating areas; fuel, which includes the direct cost of fuel used by our vehicles, net of fuel tax credits; disposal franchise fees and taxes, consisting of landfill taxes, municipal franchise fees, host community fees and royalties; landfill operating costs, which includes financial assurance, leachate disposal, remediation charges and other landfill maintenance costs; risk management costs, which includes casualty insurance premiums and claims; cost of goods sold, which includes material costs paid to suppliers associated with recycled commodities; and other, which includes expenses such as facility operating costs, equipment rent and gains or losses on sale of assets used in our operations.
labor and related benefits                $2,027.2         20.2   %          $1,919.4         20.4   %          $1,848.9            20.3   %
these cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories used by other companies. as such, you should take care when comparing our cost of operations by cost component to that of other companies.
•   labor and related benefits increased in aggregate dollars due to increased hourly and salaried wages as a result of merit increases, increased headcount, higher collection volumes and higher health care and benefits costs. however, as a percentage of revenue, labor and related benefits costs decreased due to higher large-container collection and post-collection revenue primarily driven by our transfer and landfill lines of business.
•   transfer and disposal costs increased in aggregate dollars primarily due to higher collection volumes. during both 2017 and 2016, approximately 68% of the total waste volume we collected was disposed at landfill sites that we own or operate (internalization).
•   our fuel costs increased due to higher prices of diesel fuel and the expiration of compressed natural gas (cng) tax credits. the national average fuel cost per gallon for 2017 was $2.65 compared to $2.30 for 2016, an increase of $0.35 or approximately 15%.
•   risk management expenses increased primarily due to favorable actuarial developments in our workers' compensation program recorded during 2016 that did not recur in 2017. additionally, we had unfavorable actuarial development in our auto liability insurance program in 2017.
•   during 2017, cost of goods sold increased primarily due to higher rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities as a result of the increase in commodity prices.
•   during 2017, other costs of operations increased primarily due to higher occupancy and facility costs due to a 2016 favorable property tax settlement, facility repairs and third-party equipment rental.
•   labor and related benefits increased due to increased hourly and salaried wages as a result of merit increases, increased headcount, higher collection volumes and acquisitions. additionally, there was an increase in health care costs.
•   transfer and disposal costs increased primarily due to higher collection volumes. during both 2016 and 2015, approximately 68% of the total waste volume we collected was disposed at landfill sites that we own or operate (internalization).
•   maintenance and repairs expense increased due to higher collection volumes, cost of parts, internal labor, third-party truck repairs, vehicle complexity and costs associated with our fleet maintenance initiative.
•   landfill operating expenses increased due to volume increases in our landfill line of business and increased leachate transportation and disposal costs. additionally, during 2015 we recorded favorable remediation adjustments that did not recur for the same period in 2016.
•   risk management expenses increased primarily due to favorable actuarial developments in our workers' compensation program recorded during 2015 that were less favorable for 2016, coupled with continued unfavorable actuarial development in our vehicle liability insurance program.
•   during 2016, cost of goods sold increased primarily due to higher rebates paid for volumes delivered to our recycling facilities as a result of the increase in commodity prices.
depreciation and amortization of property and equipment increased in aggregate dollars primarily due to an increase in the cost of replacement vehicles, increased trucks to support volume growth, additional assets acquired with our acquisitions, and an increased number of cng vehicles in our fleet, which are more expensive to purchase than diesel vehicles.
landfill depletion and amortization expense increased primarily due to increased landfill disposal volumes and an overall increase in our average depletion and amortization rate. in addition, we recognized favorable amortization adjustments related to our asset retirement obligations in 2016 that did not recur in 2017.
depreciation and amortization of property and equipment increased primarily due to higher acquisition costs of replacement vehicles, increased trucks to support volume growth, additional assets acquired with our acquisitions, and an increased number of cng vehicles in our fleet, which are more expensive to purchase than diesel vehicles.
amortization of other intangible assets and other assets expenses for amortization of other intangible assets and other assets were $71.0 million, $71.3 million and $71.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, or 0.7% of revenue for 2017 and 0.8% for 2016 and 2015. our other intangible assets and other assets primarily relate to customer relationships, franchise agreements, other municipal agreements, and, to a lesser extent, non-compete agreements and trade names. the changes in amortization expense are the result of assets acquired in the acquisitions of various waste businesses throughout the year, offset by certain intangible assets now being fully amortized.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation for corporate and field general management, field support functions, sales force, accounting and finance, legal, management information systems, and clerical and administrative departments. other expenses include rent and office costs, fees for professional services provided by third parties, legal settlements, marketing, investor and community relations services, directors' and officers' insurance, general employee relocation, travel, entertainment and bank charges. restructuring charges are excluded from selling, general and administrative expenses and are discussed separately below.
these cost categories may change from time to time and may not be comparable to similarly titled categories used by other companies. as such, you should take care when comparing our selling, general and administrative expenses by cost component to those of other companies.
salaries increased primarily due to higher incentive pay and wages and other payroll related items resulting from merit increases.
other selling, general and administrative expenses increased primarily due a favorable legal settlement during 2016. additionally, we had an increase in acquisition-related transaction costs associated with our increased acquisition activity during the year.
salaries increased primarily due to higher wages, benefits, and other payroll related items resulting from merit increases and increased headcount.
other selling, general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to a reduction in acquisition-related transaction and integration costs associated with our acquisition of tervita in february 2015 that did not recur in 2016 and favorable legal settlements.
withdrawal costs - multiemployer pension funds during 2017, we recorded charges to earnings of $1.2 million for withdrawal events at one of our multiemployer pension funds to which we contribute. as we obtain updated information regarding the multiemployer pension plan, the factors used in deriving our estimated withdrawal liability will be subject to change, which may adversely impact our reserves for withdrawal costs.
during 2016 and 2015, we recorded charges to earnings of $5.6 million and $4.1 million, respectively, for withdrawal events at the multiemployer pension plan to which we contribute related to our operations in puerto rico. during 2015, we also recorded $0.4 million of legal charges.
(gain) loss on business divestitures and impairments, net during 2017, we recorded net gains on business divestitures and asset impairments related to business divestitures of $27.1 million. we also recorded a gain on business divestitures and asset impairments of $6.8 million due to the transfer of ownership of the landfill gas collection and control system and the remaining post-closure and environmental liabilities associated with one of our divested landfills.
during 2016, we recorded a charge to earnings of $4.6 million primarily related to environmental costs associated with one of our divested landfills. during 2016, we also recorded a net gain related to a business divestiture of $4.7 million. there were no charges to earnings related to business divestitures and impairments in 2015.
we strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. in situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. asset or business divestitures could result in gains, losses or asset impairment charges that may be material to our results of operations in a given period.
restructuring charges during 2017, we incurred $17.6 million of restructuring charges that consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms. we paid $18.6 million related to these restructuring efforts. in january 2018, we eliminated certain positions following the consolidation of select back office functions, including but not limited to the integration of our national accounts support functions into our existing corporate support functions.  these changes include a reduction in administrative staffing and closing of certain office locations.  in 2018, we expect to incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million to $30 million primarily related to employee severance costs, lease exit and contract termination costs and the relocation of certain employees. we expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million.  substantially all of these restructuring charges will be recorded in our corporate segment.
in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining our three regions into two field groups, consolidating our areas and streamlining select operational support roles at our phoenix headquarters. these changes included reducing administrative staffing levels, relocating office space and closing certain office locations. the savings realized from these restructuring efforts were reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. additionally, in the second quarter of 2016, we began the redesign of our back-office functions as well as the consolidation of over 100 customer service locations into three customer resource centers.
during 2016, we incurred $40.7 million of restructuring charges that consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms. we paid $32.5 million related to these restructuring efforts.
interest expense the following table provides the components of interest expense, including accretion of debt discounts and accretion of discounts primarily associated with environmental and risk insurance liabilities assumed in acquisitions (in millions of dollars):
interest expense on debt and capital lease obligations      $324.8              $324.1              $324.6
accretion of remediation liabilities and other                36.0                45.8                39.7
less: capitalized interest                                    (6.5   )            (6.2   )            (6.8   )
total interest expense for 2017 decreased primarily due to the issuance of $500.0 million of 2.90% senior notes in july 2016 that were used to purchase outstanding notes and debentures with coupons ranging from 5.70% to 7.40%. as a result of the debt that was extinguished in 2016, total interest expense for 2016 increased primarily due to $7.2 million of unamortized cash flow hedges reclassified to earnings as non-cash interest expense.
the tax act was enacted on december 22, 2017. the tax act reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, limits deductions for, among other things, interest expense, executive compensation and meals and entertainment while enhancing deductions for equipment and other fixed assets.  the tax act also requires companies to pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings.  as of december 31, 2017 we have not finalized our accounting for the tax effects of the enactment of the tax act; however, we made a reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances, uncertain tax positions and the one-time transition tax.  in the aggregate, the provisional amounts recorded at december 31, 2017 reduced our tax provision by approximately $464 million. we anticipate that the completion of our 2017 income tax returns, future guidance and additional information and interpretations with respect to the tax act will cause us to further adjust the provisional amounts recorded as of december 31, 2017.
outside of the impact of the tax act, our 2017 tax provision was reduced by approximately $9 million due to the realization of tax credits and lower state tax rates due to changes in estimates following the completion of our 2016 tax returns and the favorable resolution of various state tax matters during 2017. these benefits were partially offset by the write-off of goodwill associated with divestitures that had no corresponding tax basis.
we reduced our 2017 tax provision by $19.6 million due to excess tax benefits required to be recorded to the income statement resulting from the adoption of the financial accounting standards board's ("fasb") asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting ("asu 2016-09"). prior to 2017, these benefits were recorded directly to shareholders' equity.
in addition, during 2017 we acquired non-controlling interests in limited liability companies established to construct solar energy assets that qualified for investment tax credits under section 48 of the internal revenue code. our 2017 tax provision was reduced by approximately $13 million mainly due to the tax credits related to these investments. we account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and recognize our share of income or loss and other reductions in the value of our investments in "loss from unconsolidated equity method investments" within our consolidated statements of income. for further discussion regarding our equity method accounting, see note 3, business acquisitions, investments and restructuring charges, included herein.
our 2016 tax provision was reduced by approximately $13 million due to the resolution of various state and federal tax matters as well as the realization of tax credits and lower state tax rates due to changes in estimates.
in addition, during 2016 we acquired a noncontrolling interest in a limited liability company established to construct a solar energy asset that qualified for an investment tax credit under section 48 of the internal revenue code. our 2016 tax provision was reduced by approximately $10 million primarily due to the tax credit related to this investment.
reportable segments our senior management evaluates, oversees and manages the financial performance of our operations through two field groups, referred to as group 1 and group 2. group 1 primarily consists of geographic areas located in the western and portions of the mid-western united states, and group 2 primarily consists of geographic areas located in texas, the southeastern and portions of the mid-western united states, and the eastern seaboard of the united states.
netrevenue             depreciation, amortization, depletion andaccretion beforeadjustments forasset retirementobligations            adjustments to amortizationexpensefor assetretirementobligations             depreciation,amortization,depletion andaccretion       (loss) gain ondisposition ofassets and impairments, net                  operatingincome(loss)          operatingmargin
corporate entities         248.8                                                                             125.1                                       5.1                                                                                                           130.2                                                             35.3                                       (412.4         )
corporate entities         188.9                                                                             117.4                                                                                    (0.3                       )                                     117.1                                                              0.1                                       (384.9         )
corporate entities         164.6                                                                             109.0                                                                                    (0.5                       )                                     108.5                          -                                                                             (251.9         )
corporate entities include legal, tax, treasury, information technology, risk management, human resources, closed landfills and other administrative functions. national accounts revenue included in corporate entities represents the portion of revenue generated from nationwide and regional contracts in markets outside our operating areas where the associated waste handling services are subcontracted to local operators. consequently, substantially all of this revenue is offset with related subcontract costs, which are recorded in cost of operations.
revenue for 2017 increased 6.3% from 2016 primarily due to increases in average yield in all lines of business, and volume increases in all lines of business. additionally, we recognized increased recycled commodity revenue due to the increase in commodity prices.
revenue for 2017 increased 6.6% from 2016 primarily due to increases in average yield in all lines of business and volume increases in our large-container collection and disposal lines of business. volume increases in our landfill line of business were primarily attributable to increased construction and demolition and municipal solid waste volumes. these increases were partially offset by volume declines primarily in our residential collection and small-container collection lines of business.
•   cost of operations favorably impacted operating income margin during 2017, primarily due to favorable operating leverage on transfer and disposal costs, labor and related benefits, and maintenance and repairs.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses had a favorable impact on operating income margin during 2017 primarily due to lower labor and related benefit costs resulting from decreased headcount related to our restructuring.
corporate entities operating loss in our corporate entities increased from $384.9 million for 2016 to $412.4 million for 2017. the operating loss for 2017 was favorably impacted by a decrease in restructuring charges of $23.1 million from the same period in 2016 and gain on disposition of businesses. offsetting these favorable items were increases in salaries and related benefits due to certain employees relocating from our field operations to our corporate segment as a result of our restructuring, increased hourly and salaried wages as a result of merit increases, increased facility costs as a result of our restructuring as well as unfavorable actuarial developments in certain of our insurance programs. additionally, we had favorable legal settlements in 2016 that did not recur in 2017.
revenue for 2016 increased 4.0% from 2015 primarily due to increases in average yield in all lines of business, and volume increases in all lines of business. additionally, we recognized increased recycled commodity revenue due to the increase in commodity prices.
•   cost of operations favorably impacted operating income margin during 2016, primarily due to lower fuel costs resulting from lower prices of diesel fuel and lower risk management expenses. these favorable items were partially offset by higher cost of goods sold, landfill operating costs, labor and related benefits costs, and repair and maintenance costs.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses had a favorable impact on operating income margin during 2016 primarily due to net favorable litigation adjustments and reduced acquisition-related transaction costs.
revenue for 2016 increased 1.8% from 2015 primarily due to increases in average yield in all lines of business and volume increases in our large-container collection and disposal lines of business. volume increases in our landfill line of business were primarily attributable to increased construction and demolition and municipal solid waste volumes. these increases were partially offset by declines in our energy services business, as well as volume declines primarily in our residential collection and small-container collection lines of business and special waste volume declines in our landfill line of business.
•   cost of operations favorably impacted operating income margin during 2016, primarily due to lower fuel costs resulting from lower prices of diesel fuel and lower risk management expenses. these favorable items were partially offset by higher cost of goods sold, repair and maintenance costs, and transfer and disposal costs.
•   selling, general and administrative expenses had a favorable impact on operating income margin during 2016 primarily due to lower labor and related benefit costs.
corporate entities operating loss in our corporate entities increased from $251.9 million for 2015 to $384.9 million for 2016 primarily due to an insurance recovery of $50.0 million related to our bridgeton landfill that was recorded during 2015, restructuring charges of $40.7 million related to our 2016 restructuring and $5.6 million for withdrawal events at our multiemployer pension plan in puerto rico. during 2016, we also recognized increased risk management expenses primarily due to favorable actuarial developments in our workers' compensation program recorded during 2015 that were less favorable for the same period in 2016 as well as unfavorable claims experience in our employee-related health care benefits programs in 2016 as compared to 2015. partially offsetting these unfavorable items were reduced acquisition-related transaction costs for 2016 compared to the costs associated with our acquisition of tervita in february 2015. additionally, during 2016, we recognized net favorable legal settlements from matters occurring in the ordinary course of business that were more favorable compared to net legal settlements in 2015.
landfill and environmental matters our landfill costs include daily operating expenses, costs of capital for cell development, costs for final capping, closure and post-closure, and the legal and administrative costs of ongoing environmental compliance. daily operating expenses include leachate treatment and disposal, methane gas and groundwater monitoring and system maintenance, interim cap maintenance, and costs associated with applying daily cover materials. we expense all indirect landfill development costs as they are incurred. we use life cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize certain direct landfill costs related to landfill development. in life cycle accounting, certain direct costs are capitalized and charged to depletion expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. these costs include all costs to acquire and construct a site, including excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection and monitoring systems, installation of groundwater monitoring wells, and other costs associated with acquiring and developing the site. obligations associated with final capping, closure and post-closure are capitalized and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed.
cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers. our operating and accounting personnel use these estimates to adjust the rates we use to expense capitalized costs. changes in these estimates primarily relate to changes in costs, available airspace, inflation and applicable regulations. changes in available airspace include changes in engineering estimates, changes in design and changes due to the addition of airspace lying in expansion areas that we believe have a probable likelihood of being permitted.
available airspace balance as ofdecember 31,2016          newexpansionsundertaken           landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures          permits granted / new sites,net of closures   airspaceconsumed      changes in             balance as ofdecember 31,2017
permitted airspace                       4,707.6                                   -                                    10.8                                             100.5                           (82.0      )          (1.2    )                   4,735.7
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           192                                                                           2                                                 1                                                                                 195
balance as ofdecember 31,2015          newexpansionsundertaken   landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures             permits granted / new sites,net of closures   airspaceconsumed             changes in          balance as ofdecember 31,2016
permitted airspace                       4,676.5                                   -                 -                                                              107.2                           (78.9      )          2.8                             4,707.6
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           193                                                                                                                       (1   )                                                                                 192
balance as ofdecember 31,2014          newexpansionsundertaken          landfillsacquired,net ofdivestitures          permits granted /   airspaceconsumed              changes inengineeringestimates          balance as ofdecember 31,2015
new sites, net of closures cubic yards (in millions):
permitted airspace                       4,584.1                                   -                                    7.2                                 61.6              (77.0      )                         100.6                                 4,676.5
number of sites:
permitted airspace                           189                                                                          4                                    -                                                                                             193
changes in engineering estimates typically include modifications to the available disposal capacity of a landfill based on a refinement of the capacity calculations resulting from updated information.
as of december 31, 2017, we owned or operated 195 active solid waste landfills with total available disposal capacity estimated to be 5,086.0 million in-place cubic yards. total available disposal capacity represents the sum of estimated permitted airspace plus an estimate of probable expansion airspace. engineers develop these estimates at least annually using information provided by annual aerial surveys. as of december 31, 2017, total available disposal capacity is estimated to be 4,735.7 million in-place cubic yards of permitted airspace plus 350.3 million in-place cubic yards of probable expansion airspace. before airspace included in an expansion area is determined to be probable expansion airspace and, therefore, included in our calculation of total available disposal capacity, it must meet all of our expansion criteria. see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, and note 8, landfill and environmental costs, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k for further information. also see our "critical accounting judgments and estimates" section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2017, eleven of our landfills met all of our criteria for including their probable expansion airspace in their total available disposal capacity. at projected annual volumes, these eleven landfills have an estimated remaining average site life of 55 years, including probable expansion airspace. the average estimated remaining life of all of our landfills is 63 years. we have other expansion opportunities that are not included in our total available airspace because they do not meet all of our criteria for treatment as probable expansion airspace.
the following table reflects the estimated operating lives of our active landfill sites based on available and probable disposal capacity using current annual volumes as of december 31, 2017:
numberof siteswithoutprobableexpansionairspace         numberof siteswithprobableexpansionairspace          totalsites           percentoftotal
final capping, closure and post-closure costs as of december 31, 2017, accrued final capping, closure and post-closure costs were $1,257.7 million, of which $77.4 million were current and $1,180.3 million were long-term as reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in accrued landfill and environmental costs included in item 8 of this form 10-k.
remediation and other charges for landfill matters it is reasonably possible that we will need to adjust our liabilities to reflect the effects of new or additional information, to the extent that such information impacts the costs, timing or duration of the required actions. future changes in our estimates of the costs, timing or duration of the required actions could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
bridgeton landfill.  during the year ended december 31, 2017, we paid $19.4 million related to management and monitoring of the remediation area for our closed bridgeton landfill in missouri. we continue to work with state and federal regulatory agencies on our remediation efforts.  from time to time, this may require us to modify our future operating timeline and procedures, which could result in changes to our expected liability. as of december 31, 2017, the remediation liability recorded for this site was $177.3 million, of which $20.6 million is expected to be paid during 2018. we believe the remaining reasonably possible high-end of our range would be approximately $177 million higher than the amount recorded as of december 31, 2017.
west lake landfill superfund site. our subsidiary bridgeton landfill, llc (together with its subsidiary rock road industries, inc.) is one of several currently designated potentially responsible parties for the west lake landfill superfund site (west lake) in missouri. on february 6, 2018, the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) issued a proposed record of decision amendment for west lake that includes a total cost estimate of $236 million over a five-year remediation timeline. an initial 45 day public comment period follows the announcement, and we expect at least one public meeting. at this time we are neither able to predict the final remedy that epa may eventually select in its record of decision (rod) following the comment period, nor estimate how much of the future response costs of the site our subsidiary may agree or be required to pay. during any subsequent administrative proceedings or litigation, our subsidiary will vigorously contest liability for the costs of remediating radiologically-impacted materials generated on behalf of the federal government during the manhattan project and delivered to the site by an atomic energy commission licensee and its subcontractor. currently, we believe we are adequately reserved for the rod that was issued in 2008. however, issuance of the final rod and subsequent events related to remedy divisibility or allocation may require us to modify our expected remediation liability.
balanceas ofdecember 31,2016            capitaladditions   retirements           acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments        adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2017
balanceas ofdecember 31,2015            capitaladditions   retirements       acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2016
balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            capitaladditions   retirements           acquisitionsnet ofdivestitures             non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations       additionschargedtoexpense                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments       adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
total estimated available disposal capacity (in millions of cubic yards)                5,086.0               4,994.4               4,966.6
as of december 31, 2017, we expect to spend an estimated additional $9.1 billion on existing landfills, primarily related to cell construction and environmental structures, over their remaining lives. our total expected investment, excluding non-depletable land, estimated to be $12.7 billion, or $2.51 per cubic yard, is used in determining our depletion and amortization expense based on airspace consumed using the units-of-consumption method.
property and equipment the following tables reflect the activity in our property and equipment accounts for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in millions of dollars):
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2016            capitaladditions      retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations          adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2017
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2016            additionschargedtoexpense            retirements                acquisitions,net ofdivestitures       adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2017
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2015            capitaladditions      retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations          adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2016
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2015            additionschargedtoexpense            retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations            impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2016
gross property and equipment balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            capitaladditions      retirements                acquisitions,net ofdivestitures       non-cashadditionsfor assetretirementobligations          adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments            balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
accumulated depreciation, amortization and depletion balanceas ofdecember 31,2014            additionschargedtoexpense            retirements           acquisitions,net ofdivestitures            adjustmentsforassetretirementobligations                 impairments,transfersandotheradjustments       balanceas ofdecember 31,2015
liquidity and capital resources the major components of changes in cash flows for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are discussed in the following paragraphs. the following table summarizes our cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in millions of dollars):
net cash provided by operating activities      $1,910.7              $1,847.8              $1,679.7
net cash used in investing activities          (1,383.4   )            (961.2   )          (1,482.8   )
net cash used in financing activities            (511.8   )            (851.2   )            (239.7   )
cash flows provided by operating activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for 2017 and 2016 are summarized below:
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from business acquisitions and divestitures, decreased our cash flow from operations by $230.9 million in 2017, compared to a decrease of $205.2 million in 2016, primarily as a result of the following:
•   our accounts receivable, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and customer credits, increased $118.9 million during 2017 primarily due to growth in our revenues, compared to a $52.3 million increase in 2016. this was accompanied by an increase in our days sales outstanding due to a change in our revenue mix. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our days sales outstanding were 39.3 and 38.1 days, or 28.2 and 26.1 days net of deferred revenue, respectively.
in addition, cash paid for income taxes was approximately $370 million and $265 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively. income taxes paid in 2017 reflect the passage of the tax act which provided for 100% equipment expensing on qualified assets placed in service after september 27, 2017 and the favorable tax depreciation provisions of the protecting americans from tax hikes act which provided for bonus depreciation deductions on assets placed in service in 2017 at 50% of the capitalized value. income taxes paid in 2016 reflect the favorable tax depreciation provisions of the protecting americans from tax hikes act signed into law in december 2015. cash paid for interest was $326.9 million and $330.2 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the most significant items affecting the comparison of our operating cash flows for 2016 and 2015 are summarized below:
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisitions and divestitures, decreased our cash flow from operations by $205.2 million in 2016, compared to a decrease of $316.7 million in 2015, primarily as a result of the following:
•   our accounts receivable, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and customer credits, increased $52.3 million during 2016 due to the timing of billings, net of collections, compared to a $15.7 million increase in 2015. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, our days sales outstanding were 38.1 and 38.3 days, or 26.1 and 25.8 days net of deferred revenue, respectively.
in addition, cash paid for income taxes was approximately $265 million and $321 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. income taxes paid in 2016 and 2015 reflect the favorable tax depreciation provisions of the protecting americans from tax hikes act signed into law in december 2015 as well as the realization of certain tax credits. cash paid for interest was $330.2 million and $327.6 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we use cash flows from operations to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt repayments.
cash flows used in investing activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in investing activities for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are summarized below:
•   capital expenditures during 2017 were $989.8 million, compared with $927.8 million for 2016 and $945.6 million for 2015. property and equipment received during 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $1,006.0 million, $915.6 million and $953.0 million, respectively.
•   during 2017, 2016 and 2015, we used $354.7 million, $62.4 million and $572.7 million, respectively, for business acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired. during 2017 and 2016, we received $4.7 million and $15.0 million for business divestitures. there were no divestitures in 2015.
•   our restricted cash and marketable securities balance increased $47.7 million for 2017 and decreased $5.2 million and $15.3 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase of $47.7 million during 2017 is primarily due to the issuance of tax-exempt bonds, whereas the decrease of $5.2 million during 2016 is due to a release of a holdback related to one of our acquisitions. the decrease of $15.3 million during 2015 was due to a release of funds restricted for certain construction related activities.
we received $50.0 million in connection with issuances of tax-exempt bonds during 2017. funds received from issuances of tax-exempt bonds are deposited directly into trust accounts by the bonding authority at the time of issuance. reimbursements from the trust for qualifying expenditures or for repayments of the related tax-exempt bonds are presented as investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. such reimbursements amounted to $11.4 million, $2.1 million and $18.7 million during 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
we intend to finance capital expenditures and acquisitions through cash on hand, restricted cash held for capital expenditures, cash flows from operations, our revolving credit facilities, and tax-exempt bonds and other financings. we expect to primarily use cash for consideration paid for future business acquisitions.
cash flows used in financing activities the most significant items affecting the comparison of our cash flows used in financing activities for 2017, 2016 and 2015 are summarized below:
•   during 2017 we issued $650.0 million of senior notes for net cash proceeds of $648.9 million. during 2016 and 2015 we issued $500.0 million of senior notes for net cash proceeds of $498.9 million and $497.9 million, respectively. net payments of notes payable and long-term debt were $131.7 million during 2017, compared to net payments of $395.7 million in 2016 and net proceeds of $2.7 million in 2015. for a more detailed discussion, see the "financial condition" section of this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
financial condition cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2017, we had $83.3 million of cash and cash equivalents and $141.1 million of restricted cash deposits and restricted marketable securities, including $28.6 million of restricted cash and marketable securities pledged to regulatory agencies and governmental entities as financial guarantees of our performance related to our final capping, closure and post-closure obligations at our landfills, and $71.4 million of restricted cash and marketable securities related to our insurance obligations.
we intend to use excess cash on hand and cash from operating activities to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt repayments. debt repayments may include purchases of our outstanding indebtedness in the secondary market or otherwise. we believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due.
we may choose to voluntarily retire certain portions of our outstanding debt before their maturity dates using cash from operations or additional borrowings. we may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. early extinguishment of debt will result in an impairment charge in the period in which the debt is repaid. the loss on early extinguishment of debt relates to premiums paid to effectuate the repurchase and the relative portion of unamortized note discounts and debt issue costs.
credit facilities in may 2016, we entered into a $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the replacement credit facility), which replaced our $1.0 billion credit facility that would have matured in may 2017. the replacement credit facility matures in may 2021 and includes a feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount up to $500.0 million through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders. at our option, borrowings under the replacement credit facility bear interest at a base rate, or a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on our debt ratings (all as defined in the replacement credit facility).
contemporaneous with the execution of the replacement credit facility, we entered into amendment no. 1 to our existing $1.25 billion unsecured credit facility (the existing credit facility and, together with the replacement credit facility, the credit facilities), to conform certain terms of the existing credit facility with those of the replacement credit facility. amendment no. 1 does not extend the maturity date of the existing credit facility, which matures in june 2019. the existing credit facility also maintains the feature that allows us to increase availability, at our option, by an aggregate amount of up to $500.0 million through increased commitments from existing lenders or the addition of new lenders.
the credit facilities require us to comply with financial and other covenants. to the extent we are not in compliance with these covenants, we cannot pay dividends and repurchase common stock. compliance with covenants also is a condition for any incremental borrowings under our credit facilities, and failure to meet these covenants would enable the lenders to require repayment of any outstanding loans (which would adversely affect our liquidity). as of december 31, 2017, our ebitda to interest ratio was 7.71 compared to the 3.00 minimum required by the covenants, and our total debt to ebitda ratio was 2.96 compared to the 3.50 maximum allowed by the covenants. as of december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with the covenants under our credit facilities, and we expect to be in compliance throughout 2018.
ebitda, which is a non-u.s. gaap measure, is calculated as defined in our credit facility agreements. in this context, ebitda is used solely to provide information regarding the extent to which we are in compliance with debt covenants and is not comparable to ebitda used by other companies or used by us for other purposes.
failure to comply with the financial and other covenants under our credit facilities, as well as the occurrence of certain material adverse events, would constitute defaults and would allow the lenders under our credit facilities to accelerate the maturity of all indebtedness under the related agreements. this could also have an adverse effect on the availability of financial assurances. in addition, maturity acceleration on our credit facilities constitutes an event of default under our other debt instruments, including our senior notes, and, therefore, our senior notes would also be subject to acceleration of maturity. if such acceleration were to occur, we would not have sufficient liquidity available to repay the indebtedness. we would likely have to seek an amendment under our credit facilities for relief from the financial covenants or repay the debt with proceeds from the issuance of new debt or equity, or asset sales, if necessary. we may be unable to amend our credit facilities or raise sufficient capital to repay such obligations in the event the maturities are accelerated.
availability under our credit facilities totaled $1,639.1 million and $1,543.1 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and can be used for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, letters of credit and other general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $130.0 million and $210.0 million of borrowings under our credit facilities, respectively. we had $462.7 million and $478.4 million of letters of credit outstanding under our credit facilities as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
during 2016, we amended our existing unsecured credit facility agreement (the uncommitted credit facility), to increase the size to $135.0 million with all other terms remaining unchanged. our uncommitted credit facility bears interest at libor, plus an applicable margin and is subject to facility fees defined in the agreement, regardless of usage. we can use borrowings under the uncommitted credit facility for working capital and other general corporate purposes. the agreements governing our uncommitted credit facility require us to comply with covenants. the uncommitted credit facility may be terminated by either party at any time. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 we had no borrowings under our uncommitted credit facility.
senior notes and debentures during 2017 we issued $650.0 million of 3.375% notes due 2027 (the 3.375% notes). we used the net proceeds from the 3.375% notes to repay amounts borrowed under our credit facilities.
during 2016, we priced cash tender offers to purchase up to $575.4 million combined aggregate principal amount of the 6.20% notes due march 2040, 5.70% notes due may 2041, 7.40% debentures due september 2035 and 6.09% notes due march 2035 (collectively the existing notes), subject to priority levels and the other terms and conditions set forth in the offer to purchase. during 2016, we priced an offering of $500.0 million of 2.90% senior notes due 2026 (the 2.90% notes). the sale of the 2.90% notes and the tender offers closed on july 5, 2016. we used the net proceeds of the offering, together with borrowing under our credit facilities, to purchase $575.4 million of the combined aggregate principal amount of the existing notes tendered as well as premium due of $148.1 million and early tender consideration of $28.7 million.
during 2015, we issued $500.0 million of 3.20% notes due 2025 (the 3.20% notes). we used the net proceeds from the 3.20% notes to refinance debt incurred in connection with our acquisition of all of the equity interests of tervita during 2015.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $6,913.0 million and $6,267.7 million, respectively, of unsecured senior notes and debentures outstanding with maturities ranging from 2018 to 2041. our senior notes are general senior unsecured obligations.
interest rate swap and lock agreements during the second half of 2013, we entered into various interest rate swap agreements relative to our 4.750% fixed rate senior notes due in may 2023. the goal was to reduce overall borrowing costs and rebalance our debt portfolio's ratio of fixed to floating interest rates. as of december 31, 2017, these swap agreements have a total notional value of $300.0 million and require us to pay interest at floating rates based on changes in libor, and receive interest at a fixed rate of 4.750%. for 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $4.8 million, $6.3 million and $7.5 million, respectively, as offsetting benefits to our interest expense from these swap agreements, which mature in may 2023.
during 2017, we entered into interest rate lock agreements having an aggregate notional amount of $300.0 million with fixed interest rates ranging from 2.170% to 2.418% to manage exposure to fluctuations in interest rates in anticipation of a planned future issuance of senior notes. during 2016, we also entered into a number of interest rate lock agreements having an aggregate notional amount of $525.0 million with fixed interest rates ranging from 1.900% to 2.280%. upon the expected issuance of senior notes, we will terminate the interest rate locks and settle with our counterparties. the aggregate fair values of the outstanding interest rate locks as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 were $19.1 million and $20.2 million, respectively, and were recorded in other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. total (loss) gain recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax, for interest rate locks was $(0.7) million and $12.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. no amount was recognized in other comprehensive income for 2015.
tax-exempt financings in the fourth quarter of 2017, we retired $86.7 million of 5.25% tax-exempt bonds in advance of the maturity date. additionally, the california pollution control financing authority (cpcfa) adopted a resolution approving the issuance and sale of up to $100.0 million of solid waste disposal revenue bonds for the benefit of republic, under which cpcfa issued $50.0 million of variable-rate tax-exempt debt on our behalf. the proceeds from the issuance will be used to fund qualifying landfill-related capital expenditures in the state of california. as of december 31, 2017, we had $141.1 million of restricted cash and marketable securities, of which $38.6 million represented proceeds from the issuance of the tax-exempt bonds.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $1,036.0 million and $1,072.7 million, respectively, of fixed and variable rate tax-exempt financings outstanding with maturities ranging from 2019 to 2044. approximately 98% of our tax-exempt financings are remarketed quarterly by remarketing agents to effectively maintain a variable yield. the holders of the bonds can put them back to the remarketing agents at the end of each interest period. to date, the remarketing agents have been able to remarket our variable rate unsecured tax-exempt bonds. these bonds have been classified as long-term because of our ability and intent to refinance them using availability under our credit facilities, if necessary.
intended uses of cash we intend to use excess cash on hand and cash from operating activities to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases and debt repayments. debt repayments may include purchases of our outstanding indebtedness in the secondary market or otherwise. we believe our excess cash, cash from operating activities and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due.
we may choose to voluntarily retire certain portions of our outstanding debt before their maturity dates using cash from operations or additional borrowings. we also may explore opportunities in capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. early extinguishment of debt will result in an impairment charge in the period in which the debt is repaid.
fuel hedges we use derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to changes in diesel fuel prices. we have entered into multiple agreements related to forecasted diesel fuel purchases. the agreements qualified for, and were designated as, effective hedges of changes in the prices of forecasted diesel fuel purchases (fuel hedges). for a summary of our outstanding fuel hedges as of december 31, 2017, see note 16, financial instruments, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the aggregated fair value of our outstanding fuel hedges as of december 31, 2017 was an asset of $3.0 million, and has been recorded in other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. as of december 31, 2016, the aggregated fair value of our outstanding fuel hedges was a liability of $2.7 million, and has been recorded in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
during 2017 and 2016, approximately 10% and 20%, respectively, of our fuel volume purchases were hedged with swap agreements.
recycling commodity hedges revenue from the sale of recycled commodities is primarily from sales of old corrugated containers (occ) and old newsprint. from time to time we use derivative instruments such as swaps and costless collars designated as cash flow hedges to manage our exposure to changes in prices of these commodities. during 2016, we entered into multiple agreements related to the forecasted occ sales. the agreements qualified for, and were designated as, effective hedges of changes in the prices of certain forecasted recycling commodity sales (commodity hedges). for further discussion, see note 16, financial instruments, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
the aggregate fair values of our outstanding recycling commodity hedges as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 were current liabilities of $0.2 million and $0.8 million, respectively, and have been recorded in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets.
total gain (loss) recognized in other comprehensive income, net of tax, for recycling commodity hedges (the effective portion) was $0.4 million and $(0.5) million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. no amount was recognized in other comprehensive income for 2015.
year endingdecember 31,             operatingleases           maturities ofnotes payable,capital leasesand other long-term debt           scheduled interest payment obligations            final capping,closure andpost-closure           remediation           unconditionalpurchasecommitments             total
the present value of capital lease obligations is included in our consolidated balance sheets.
the estimated remaining final capping, closure and post-closure and remediation expenditures presented above are not inflated or discounted and reflect the estimated future payments for liabilities incurred and recorded as of december 31, 2017 and for liabilities yet to be incurred over the remaining life of our landfills.
unconditional purchase commitments consist primarily of (1) disposal related agreements that include fixed or minimum royalty payments, host agreements and take-or-pay and put-or-pay agreements and (2) other obligations including committed capital expenditures and consulting service agreements.
financial assurance we must provide financial assurance to governmental agencies and a variety of other entities under applicable environmental regulations relating to our landfill operations for capping, closure and post-closure costs, and related to our performance under certain collection, landfill and transfer station contracts. we satisfy these financial assurance requirements by providing surety bonds, letters of credit, or insurance policies (financial assurance instruments), or trust deposits, which are included in restricted cash and marketable securities and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. the amount of the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs is determined by applicable state environmental regulations. the financial assurance requirements for capping, closure and post-closure costs may be associated with a portion of the landfill or the entire landfill. generally, states require a third-party engineering specialist to determine the estimated capping, closure and post-closure costs that are used to determine the required amount of financial assurance for a landfill. the amount of financial assurance required can, and generally will, differ from the obligation determined and recorded under u.s. gaap. the amount of the financial assurance requirements related to contract performance varies by contract. additionally, we must provide financial assurance for our insurance program and collateral for certain performance obligations. we do not expect a material increase in financial assurance requirements during 2018, although the mix of financial assurance instruments may change.
these financial assurance instruments are issued in the normal course of business and are not considered indebtedness. because we currently have no liability for the financial assurance instruments, they are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets; however, we record capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and insurance liabilities as they are incurred.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than operating leases and financial assurances, which are not classified as debt. we have no transactions or obligations with related parties that are not disclosed, consolidated into or reflected in our reported financial position or results of operations. we have not guaranteed any third-party debt.
free cash flow we define free cash flow, which is not a measure determined in accordance with u.s. gaap, as cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment, as presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
cash provided by operating activities              $1,910.7              $1,847.8              $1,679.7
for a discussion of the changes in the components of free cash flow, see our discussion regarding cash flows provided by operating activities and cash flows used in investing activities contained elsewhere in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
purchases of property and equipment as reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows and as presented in the free cash flow table above represent amounts paid during the period for such expenditures. the following table reconciles property and equipment reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows to property and equipment received for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 (in millions of dollars):
we believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment received, plus proceeds from sales of property and equipment. it also demonstrates our ability to execute our financial strategy, which includes reinvesting in existing capital assets to ensure a high level of customer service, investing in capital assets to facilitate growth in our customer base and services provided, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and minimizing debt, paying cash dividends and repurchasing common stock, and maintaining and improving our market position through business optimization. in addition, free cash flow is a key metric used to determine executive compensation. the presentation of free cash flow has material limitations. free cash flow does not represent our cash flow available for discretionary expenditures because it excludes certain expenditures that are required or that we have committed to such as debt service requirements and dividend payments. our definition of free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies.
contingencies for a description of our commitments and contingencies, see note 8, landfill and environmental costs, note 10, income taxes, and note 17, commitments and contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.
critical accounting judgments and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and necessarily include certain estimates and judgments made by management. the following is a list of accounting policies that we believe are the most critical in understanding our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows and that may require management to make subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. such critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments are applicable to all of our operating segments.
we have noted examples of the residual accounting and business risks inherent in the accounting for these areas. residual accounting and business risks are defined as the inherent risks that we face after the application of our policies and processes that are generally outside of our control or ability to forecast.
our landfill assets and liabilities fall into the following two categories, each of which requires accounting judgments and estimates:
•   landfill development costs that are capitalized as an asset.
•   landfill retirement obligations relating to our capping, closure and post-closure liabilities that result in a corresponding landfill retirement asset.
landfill development costs we use life-cycle accounting and the units-of-consumption method to recognize landfill development costs over the life of the site. in life-cycle accounting, all current and future capitalized costs to acquire and construct a site are calculated, and charged to expense based on the consumption of cubic yards of available airspace. obligations associated with final capping, closure and post-closure are also capitalized, and amortized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed. cost and airspace estimates are developed at least annually by engineers.
site permits.    to develop, construct and operate a landfill, we must obtain permits from various regulatory agencies at the local, state and federal levels. the permitting process requires an initial site study to determine whether the location is feasible for landfill operations. the initial studies are reviewed by our environmental management group and then submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. during the development stage we capitalize certain costs that we incur after site selection but before the receipt of all required permits if we believe that it is probable that the site will be permitted.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may cause changes to the landfill site permitting process. these changes could make it more difficult and costly to obtain and maintain a landfill permit.
•   studies performed could be inaccurate, which could result in the denial or revocation of a permit and changes to accounting assumptions. conditions could exist that were not identified in the study, which may make the location not feasible for a landfill and could result in the denial of a permit. denial or revocation of a permit could impair the recorded value of the landfill asset.
•   actions by neighboring parties, private citizen groups or others to oppose our efforts to obtain, maintain or expand permits could result in denial, revocation or suspension of a permit, which could adversely impact the economic viability of the landfill and could impair the recorded value of the landfill. as a result of opposition to our obtaining a permit, improved technical information as a project progresses, or changes in the anticipated economics associated with a project, we may decide to reduce the scope of, or abandon a project, which could result in an asset impairment.
technical landfill design.    upon receipt of initial regulatory approval, technical landfill designs are prepared. the technical designs, which include the detailed specifications to develop and construct all components of the landfill including the types and quantities of materials that will be required, are reviewed by our environmental management group. the technical designs are submitted to the regulatory agencies for approval. upon approval of the technical designs, the regulatory agencies issue permits to develop and operate the landfill.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements may require changes in the landfill technical designs. these changes could make it more difficult and costly to meet new design standards.
•   technical designs could be inaccurate and could result in increased construction costs, difficulty in obtaining a permit or the use of rates to recognize the amortization of landfill development costs and asset retirement obligations that are not appropriate.
permitted and probable landfill disposal capacity.    included in the technical designs are factors that determine the ultimate disposal capacity of the landfill. these factors include the area over which the landfill will be developed, such as the depth of excavation, the height of the landfill elevation and the angle of the side-slope construction. the disposal capacity of the landfill is calculated in cubic yards. this measurement of volume is then converted to a disposal capacity expressed in tons based on a site-specific expected density to be achieved over the remaining operating life of the landfill.
•   estimates of future disposal capacity may change as a result of changes in legislative or regulatory design requirements.
•   the density of waste may vary due to variations in operating conditions, including waste compaction practices, site design, climate and the nature of the waste.
•   capacity is defined in cubic yards but waste received is measured in tons. the number of tons per cubic yard varies by type of waste and our rate of compaction.
development costs.    the types of costs that are detailed in the technical design specifications generally include excavation, natural and synthetic liners, construction of leachate collection systems, installation of methane gas collection systems and monitoring probes, installation of groundwater monitoring wells, construction of leachate management facilities and other costs associated with the development of the site. we review the adequacy of our cost estimates on an annual basis by comparing estimated costs with third-party bids or contractual arrangements, reviewing the changes in year over year cost estimates for reasonableness, and comparing our resulting development cost per acre with prior period costs. these development costs, together with any costs incurred to acquire, design and permit the landfill, including capitalized interest, are recorded to the landfill asset on the balance sheet as incurred.
•   actual future costs of construction materials and third-party labor could differ from the costs we have estimated because of the level of demand and the availability of the required materials and labor. technical designs could be altered due to unexpected operating conditions, regulatory changes or legislative changes.
landfill development asset amortization.    to match the expense related to the landfill asset with the revenue generated by the landfill operations, we amortize the landfill development asset over its operating life on a per-ton basis as waste is accepted at the landfill. the landfill asset is fully amortized at the end of a landfill's operating life. the per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of the landfill development asset net book value plus estimated future development costs (as described above) for the landfill, by the landfill's estimated remaining disposal capacity. the expected future development costs are not inflated or discounted, but rather expressed in nominal dollars. this rate is applied to each ton accepted at the landfill to arrive at amortization expense for the period.
amortization rates are influenced by the original cost basis of the landfill, including acquisition costs, which in turn is determined by geographic location and market values. we secure significant landfill assets through business acquisitions and value them at the time of acquisition based on fair value. amortization rates are also influenced by site-specific engineering and cost factors.
•   changes in our future development cost estimates or our disposal capacity will normally result in a change in our amortization rates and will impact amortization expense prospectively. an unexpected significant increase in estimated costs or reduction in disposal capacity could affect the ongoing economic viability of the landfill and result in asset impairment.
on at least an annual basis, we update the estimates of future development costs and remaining disposal capacity for each landfill. these costs and disposal capacity estimates are reviewed and approved by senior operations management annually. changes in cost estimates and disposal capacity are reflected prospectively in the landfill amortization rates that are updated annually.
obligations associated with final capping activities that occur during the operating life of the landfill are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed within each discrete capping event. obligations related to closure and post-closure activities that occur after the landfill has ceased operations are recognized on a units-of-consumption basis as airspace is consumed throughout the entire life of the landfill. landfill retirement obligations are capitalized as the related liabilities are recognized and amortized using the units-of-consumption method over the airspace consumed within the capping event or the airspace consumed within the entire landfill, depending on the nature of the obligation. all obligations are initially measured at estimated fair value. fair value is calculated on a present value basis using an inflation rate and our credit-adjusted, risk-free rate in effect at the time the liabilities were incurred. future costs for final capping, closure and post-closure are developed at least annually by engineers, and are inflated to future value using estimated future payment dates and inflation rate projections.
landfill capping.    as individual areas within each landfill reach capacity, we must cap and close the areas in accordance with the landfill site permit. these requirements are detailed in the technical design of the landfill site process previously described.
closure and post-closure.    closure costs are costs incurred after a landfill stops receiving waste, but prior to being certified as closed. after the entire landfill has reached capacity and is certified closed, we must continue to maintain and monitor the site for a post-closure period, which generally extends for 30 years. costs associated with closure and post-closure requirements generally include maintenance of the site, the monitoring of methane gas collection systems and groundwater systems, and other activities that occur after the site has ceased accepting waste. costs associated with post-closure monitoring generally include groundwater sampling, analysis and statistical reports, third-party labor associated with gas system operations and maintenance, transportation and disposal of leachate, and erosion control costs related to the final cap.
landfill retirement obligation liabilities and assets.    estimates of the total future costs required to cap, close and monitor each landfill as specified by the landfill permit are updated annually. the estimates include inflation, the specific timing of future cash outflows, and the anticipated waste flow into the capping events. our cost estimates are inflated to the period of performance using an estimate of inflation, which is updated annually and is based upon the ten year average consumer price index (1.7% in 2017, 1.8% in 2016, and 2.0% in 2015).
the present value of the remaining capping costs for specific capping events and the remaining closure and post-closure costs for each landfill are recorded as incurred on a per-ton basis. these liabilities are incurred as disposal capacity is consumed at the landfill.
capping, closure and post-closure liabilities are recorded in layers and discounted using our credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the time the obligation is incurred (4.3% in 2017, 3.75% in 2016, and 4.75% in 2015).
retirement obligations are increased each year to reflect the passage of time by accreting the balance at the weighted average credit-adjusted risk-free rate that was used to calculate each layer of the recorded liabilities. this accretion is charged to operating expenses. actual cash expenditures reduce the asset retirement obligation liabilities as they are made.
corresponding retirement obligation assets are recorded for the same value as the additions to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities. the retirement obligation assets are amortized to expense on a per-ton basis as disposal capacity is consumed. the per-ton rate is calculated by dividing the sum of each of the recorded retirement obligation asset's net book value and expected future additions to the retirement obligation asset by the remaining disposal capacity. a per-ton rate is determined for each separate capping event based on the disposal capacity relating to that event. closure and post-closure per-ton rates are based on the total disposal capacity of the landfill.
•   changes in legislative or regulatory requirements, including changes in capping, closure activities or post-closure monitoring activities, types and quantities of materials used, or term of post-closure care, could cause changes in our cost estimates.
•   changes in the landfill retirement obligation due to changes in the anticipated waste flow, changes in airspace compaction estimates or changes in the timing of expenditures for closed landfills and fully incurred but unpaid capping events are recorded in results of operations prospectively. this could result in unanticipated increases or decreases in expense.
•   actual timing of disposal capacity utilization could differ from projected timing, causing differences in timing of when amortization and accretion expense is recognized for capping, closure and post-closure liabilities.
•   changes in inflation rates could impact our actual future costs and our total liabilities.
•   changes in our capital structure or market conditions could result in changes to the credit-adjusted risk-free rate used to discount the liabilities, which could cause changes in future recorded liabilities, assets and expense.
•   amortization rates could change in the future based on the evaluation of new facts and circumstances relating to landfill capping design, post-closure monitoring requirements, or the inflation or discount rate.
on an annual basis, we update our estimates of future capping, closure and post-closure costs and of future disposal capacity for each landfill. revisions in estimates of our costs or timing of expenditures are recognized immediately as increases or decreases to the capping, closure and post-closure liabilities and the corresponding retirement obligation assets. changes in the assets result in changes to the amortization rates which are applied prospectively, except for fully incurred capping events and closed landfills, where the changes are recorded immediately in results of operations since the associated disposal capacity has already been consumed.
permitted and probable disposal capacity.  disposal capacity is determined by the specifications detailed in the landfill permit. we classify this disposal capacity as permitted. we also include probable expansion disposal capacity in our remaining disposal capacity estimates, thus including additional disposal capacity being sought through means of a permit expansion. probable expansion disposal capacity has not yet received final approval from the applicable regulatory agencies, but we have determined that certain critical criteria have been met and that the successful completion of the expansion is probable. we have developed six criteria that must be met before an expansion area is designated as probable expansion airspace. we believe that satisfying all of these criteria demonstrates a high likelihood that expansion airspace that is incorporated in our landfill costing will be permitted. however, because some of these criteria are judgmental, they may exclude expansion airspace that will eventually be permitted or include expansion airspace that will not be permitted. in either of these scenarios, our amortization, depletion and accretion expense could change significantly. our internal criteria to classify disposal capacity as probable expansion airspace are as follows:
•   we own the land associated with the expansion airspace or control it pursuant to an option agreement;
•   we are committed to supporting the expansion project financially and with appropriate resources;
•   there are no identified fatal flaws or impediments associated with the project, including political impediments;
•   the expansion is attainable within a reasonable time frame; and
•   we believe it is likely we will receive the expansion permit.
after successfully meeting these criteria, the disposal capacity that will result from the planned expansion is included in our remaining disposal capacity estimates. additionally, for purposes of calculating landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure rates, we include the incremental costs to develop, construct, close and monitor the related probable expansion disposal capacity.
•   we may be unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity because of the failure to obtain the final local, state or federal permits or due to other unknown reasons. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining permits for probable expansion disposal capacity, or the disposal capacity for which we obtain approvals is less than what was estimated, both our estimated total costs and disposal capacity will be reduced, which generally increases the rates we charge for landfill amortization and capping, closure and post-closure accruals. an unexpected decrease in disposal capacity could also cause an asset impairment.
environmental liabilities we are subject to an array of laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, and we remediate sites in the ordinary course of our business. under current laws and regulations, we may be responsible for environmental remediation at sites that we either own or operate, including sites that we have acquired, or sites where we have (or a company that we have acquired has) delivered waste. our environmental remediation liabilities primarily include costs associated with remediating groundwater, surface water and soil contamination, as well as controlling and containing methane gas migration and the related legal costs. to estimate our ultimate liability at these sites, we evaluate several factors, including the nature and extent of contamination at each identified site, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties and the financial viability of those parties. we accrue for costs associated with environmental remediation obligations when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with accounting for loss contingencies. we periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known. adjustments to estimates are reasonably possible in the near term and may result in changes to recorded amounts. with the exception of those obligations assumed in the acquisition of allied, environmental obligations are recorded on an undiscounted basis. environmental obligations assumed in the acquisition of allied, which were initially estimated on a discounted basis, are accreted to full value over time through charges to interest expense. adjustments arising from changes in amounts and timing of estimated costs and settlements may result in increases or decreases in these obligations and are calculated on a discounted basis as they were initially estimated on a discounted basis. these adjustments are charged to operating income when they are known. we perform a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. we have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies.
•   we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts of our environmental remediation liabilities. our estimates of these liabilities require assumptions about uncertain future events. thus, our estimates could change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of contamination, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the final apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties identified, the financial viability of those parties, and the actions of governmental agencies or private parties with interests in the matter. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any adjustments could be material.
•   actual amounts could differ from the estimated liabilities as a result of changes in estimated future litigation costs to pursue the matter to ultimate resolution.
•   an unanticipated environmental liability that arises could result in a material charge to our consolidated statement of income.
insurance reserves and related costs our insurance policies for workers' compensation, commercial general liability, commercial auto liability and environmental liability are high deductible, or retention programs. the deductibles, or retentions, range from $3 million to $7.5 million.  the employee-related health benefits are also subject to a high deductible insurance policy. accruals for deductibles or retentions are based on claims filed and actuarial estimates of claims development and claims incurred but not reported.
•   incident rates, including frequency and severity, and other actuarial assumptions could change causing our current and future actuarially determined obligations to change, which would be reflected in our consolidated statement of income in the period in which such adjustment is known.
loss contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and regulatory matters, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. we determine whether to disclose material loss contingencies or accrue for loss contingencies based on an assessment of whether the risk of loss is remote, reasonably possible or probable, and whether it can be reasonably estimated. we analyze our litigation and regulatory matters based on available information to assess the potential liabilities. management develops its assessment based on an analysis of possible outcomes under various strategies. we record and disclose loss contingencies pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance for such matter.
•   actual costs may vary from our estimates for a variety of reasons, including differing interpretations of laws, opinions on culpability and assessments of the amount of damages.
•   loss contingency assumptions involve judgments that are inherently subjective and generally involve matters that are by their nature complex and unpredictable. if a loss contingency results in an adverse judgment or is settled for a significant amount, it could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the period in which such judgment or settlement occurs.
evaluation criteria.    we test long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable. examples of such events could include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which we use a long-lived asset, a change in its physical condition, or new circumstances that could cause an expectation that it is more likely than not that we would sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
•   our most significant asset impairment exposure, other than goodwill (which is discussed below), relates to our landfills. a significant reduction in our estimated disposal capacity as a result of unanticipated events such as regulatory developments, revocation of an existing permit or denial of an expansion permit, or changes in our assumptions used to calculate disposal capacity, could trigger an impairment charge.
recognition criteria.  if such circumstances arise, we recognize impairment for the difference between the carrying amount and fair value of the asset if the net book value of the asset exceeds the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. we generally use the present value of the expected cash flows from that asset to determine fair value.
goodwill recoverability we evaluate goodwill for impairment annually as of october 1st, or when an indicator of impairment exists. as of october 1, 2017, we early adopted accounting standards update ("asu") 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350) - simplifying the test for goodwill impairment ("asu 2017-04"). asu 2017-04 eliminated step 2 of the goodwill impairment test in which an entity had to perform procedures to determine the fair value at the impairment testing date of its assets and liabilities. in accordance with the new standard, we compare the fair value of our reporting units with the carrying value, including goodwill. we recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds a reporting unit's fair value, as applicable.
significant estimates used in our fair value calculation using discounted future cash flows include: (1) estimates of future revenue and expense growth by reporting unit, which we estimate to be approximately 3% annually; (2) future estimated effective tax rates, which we estimate to be 27%; (3) future estimated capital expenditures as well as future required investments in working capital; (4) estimated discount rates, which we estimate to range between 7% and 8%; and (5) the future terminal value of the reporting unit, which is based on its ability to exist into perpetuity. significant estimates used in the fair value calculation using market value multiples include: (a) estimated future growth potential of the reporting unit; (b) estimated multiples of revenue or earnings a willing buyer is likely to pay; and (c) the estimated control premium a willing buyer is likely to pay.
in addition, we evaluate a reporting unit for impairment if events or circumstances change between annual tests, indicating a possible impairment. examples of such events or circumstances include: (1) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; (2) an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (3) a more likely than not expectation that a reporting unit or a significant portion thereof will be sold; (4) continued or sustained losses at a reporting unit; (5) a significant decline in our market capitalization as compared to our book value; or (6) we conclude that we may not recover a significant asset group within the reporting unit.
we assign assets and liabilities from our corporate operating segment to our two reporting units to the extent that such assets or liabilities relate to the cash flows of the reporting unit and would be included in determining the reporting unit's fair value.
in preparing our annual test for impairment as of october 1, 2017, we determined that our indicated fair value of total invested capital exceeded our total market capitalization. we believe one of the primary reconciling differences between the indicated fair value of total invested capital and our total market capitalization is due to a control premium. we believe the control premium represents the value a market participant could extract as savings and/or synergies by obtaining control.
as of october 1, 2017, we determined that the indicated fair value of our reporting units exceeded their carrying value by approximately 90% on average and, therefore, we noted no indicators of impairment at our reporting units.
our operating segments, which also represent our reporting units, are comprised of several vertically integrated businesses. when an individual business within an integrated operating segment is divested, goodwill is allocated to that business based on its fair value relative to the fair value of its operating segment.
•   future events could cause us to conclude that impairment indicators exist and that goodwill associated with acquired businesses is impaired.
•   the valuation of identifiable goodwill requires significant estimates and judgment about future performance, cash flows and fair value. our future results could be affected if these current estimates of future performance and fair value change. for example, a reduction in long-term growth assumptions could reduce the estimated fair value of the operating segments to below their carrying values, which could trigger an impairment charge. similarly, an increase in our discount rate could trigger an impairment charge. any resulting impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
income taxes our income tax expense, deferred taxes and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. we are subject to u.s. federal income taxes and to the income taxes of numerous states and puerto rico. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the combined income tax expense.
deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of assets (other than non-deductible goodwill) and liabilities, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the income tax rate in effect during the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
we record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets will more likely than not be realized. in making this determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. the assumptions about future taxable income require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. in the event we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we will make an adjustment to the valuation allowance which would reduce our provision for income taxes.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. regarding the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements, we record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with asc 740 when it is not more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. we recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. accrued interest and penalties are included within other accrued liabilities, deferred income taxes and other long-term tax liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. we adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available.
•   income tax assets and liabilities established in purchase accounting for acquisitions are based on assumptions that could differ from the ultimate outcome of the tax matters. such adjustments would be charged or credited to earnings, unless they meet certain remeasurement criteria and are allowed to be adjusted to goodwill.
•   changes in the estimated realizability of deferred tax assets could result in adjustments to our provision for income taxes.
•   valuation allowances for deferred tax assets and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards for tax purposes are based on our judgment. if our judgments and estimates concerning valuation allowances and the realizability of net operating loss carryforwards are incorrect, our provision for income taxes would change.
•   we are regularly under examination or administrative review by various taxing authorities. the internal revenue code, state tax laws and income tax regulations are a complex set of rules that we must interpret and apply. positions taken in tax years under examination or subsequent years are subject to challenge. accordingly, we may have exposure for additional tax liabilities arising from these audits if any positions taken by us or by companies we have acquired are disallowed by the taxing authorities.
•   we adjust our liabilities for uncertain tax positions when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, their ultimate resolution may result in payments that are materially different from our current estimates of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to our provision for income taxes in the period in which they are determined.
defined benefit pension plans we currently have one qualified defined benefit pension plan, the bfi retirement plan (the plan). the plan covers certain employees in the united states, including some employees subject to collective bargaining agreements. the benefits of all current plan participants are frozen.
our pension contributions are made in accordance with funding standards established by the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the internal revenue code, as amended by the pension protection act of 2006.
the plan's assets are invested as determined by our employee benefits committee. as of december 31, 2017, the plan assets were invested in fixed income funds, equity funds and cash. the employee benefits committee annually reviews and adjusts the plan's asset allocation as deemed necessary. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the plan was overfunded by $14.1 million and $6.2 million, respectively.
•   changes in the plan's investment mix and performance of the equity and bond markets and fund managers could impact the amount of pension income or expense recorded, the funded status of the plan and the need for future cash contributions.
assumptions.  the benefit obligation and associated income or expense related to the plan are determined based on assumptions concerning items such as discount rates, mortality rates, expected rates of return and average rates of compensation increases. our assumptions are reviewed annually and adjusted as deemed necessary.
we determine the discount rate based on a model that matches the timing and amount of expected benefit payments to maturities of high quality bonds priced as of the plan measurement date. where that timing does not correspond to a published high-quality bond rate, our model uses an expected yield curve to determine an appropriate current discount rate. the yield on the bonds is used to derive a discount rate for the liability. if the discount rate were to increase by 1%, our benefit obligation would decrease by approximately $19 million. if the discount rate were to decrease by 1%, our benefit obligation would increase by approximately $22 million.
in developing our expected rate of return assumption, we evaluate long-term expected and historical returns on the plan assets, giving consideration to our asset mix and the anticipated duration of the plan obligations. the average rate of compensation increase reflects our expectations of average pay increases over the periods benefits are earned. there are no participants in the plan that continue to earn service benefits.
•   our assumed discount rate is sensitive to changes in market-based interest rates. a decrease in the discount rate will increase our related benefit plan obligation.
new accounting standards for a description of new accounting standards that may affect us, see note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to our consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k.