item 1a. risk factors.
the following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for the understanding of our "forward-looking statements," which are discussed immediately following item 7a. of this form 10-k and elsewhere. these risk factors should also be read in conjunction with item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this form 10-k.
we urge you to consider carefully the risks described below, as well as in other reports and materials that we file with the sec and the other information included or incorporated by reference in this form 10-k. if any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this form 10-k were to materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects could be materially adversely affected. in such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
demand for the majority of our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers.  the oil and gas industry downturn has resulted in reduced demand for oilfield services, which has had, and may continue to have, a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
demand for the majority of our products and services depends substantially on expenditures by our customers for the exploration, development and production of oil and natural gas reserves. these expenditures are generally dependent on our customers' views of future oil and natural gas prices and are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas.  oil and gas prices have declined significantly from their highs in 2014, resulting in lower expenditures by our customers.  during the downturn, many of our customers reduced or delayed their oil and gas exploration and production spending, reducing the demand for our products and services and exerting downward pressure on the prices that we have been able to charge.  these conditions have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
lower oil and gas prices have resulted in a reduction in cash flows for our customers. this has resulted in, and may continue to result in, project modifications, delays and cancellations, general business disruptions, and delays in payment of, or nonpayment of, amounts that are owed to us. these effects could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
●   demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by general economic and business conditions;
●   the ability or willingness of the organization of petroleum exporting countries ("opec") to set and maintain production levels for oil;
●   the level of excess production capacity;
●   political and economic uncertainty and geopolitical unrest;
●   the level of worldwide oil and gas exploration and production activity;
●   weather conditions.
there can be no assurance that the demand or pricing for oil and natural gas will follow historic patterns or recover meaningfully in the near term.  continued or worsening conditions in the oil and gas industry could have a further material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a significant portion of our revenue is derived from our non-united states operations, which exposes us to risks inherent in doing business in each of the over 85 countries in which we operate.
our non-united states operations accounted for approximately 74% of our consolidated revenue in 2017, 80% in 2016 and 76% in 2015. operations in countries other than the united states are subject to various risks, including:
●   volatility in political, social and economic conditions;
●   trade and economic sanctions or other restrictions imposed by the united states, the european union or other countries;
●   restrictions under the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") or similar legislation;
●   restrictions on the repatriation of income or capital;
our failure to comply with complex us and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we are subject to complex us and foreign laws and regulations, such as the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and various other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.  we are also subject to trade control regulations and trade sanctions laws that restrict the movement of certain goods to, and certain operations in, various countries or with certain persons.  our ability to transfer people and products among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations.  the internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or violating applicable laws and regulations.  any determination that we have violated or are responsible for violations of anti-bribery, trade control, trade sanctions or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.  violations of international and us laws and regulations or the loss of any required licenses may result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies or restrictions on business conduct, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and our business, operating results and financial condition.
environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the united states and other countries have been focusing considerable attention on the emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other greenhouse gasses and their potential role in climate change.  existing or future legislation and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, as well as government initiatives to conserve energy or promote the use of alternative energy sources, may significantly curtail demand for and production of fossil fuels such as oil and gas in areas of the world where our customers operate, and thus adversely affect future demand for our products and services.  this may, in turn, adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
some international, national, state and local governments and agencies have also adopted laws and regulations or are evaluating proposed legislation and regulations that are focused on the extraction of shale gas or oil using hydraulic fracturing. hydraulic fracturing is a stimulation treatment routinely performed on oil and gas wells in low-permeability reservoirs.  specially engineered fluids are pumped at high pressure and rate into the reservoir interval to be treated, causing cracks in the target formation.  proppant, such as sand of a particular size, is mixed with the treatment fluid to keep the cracks open when the treatment is complete.  future hydraulic fracturing-related legislation or regulations could limit or ban hydraulic fracturing, or lead to operational delays and increased costs, and therefore reduce demand for our pressure pumping services.  if such additional international, national, state or local legislation or regulations are enacted, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
environmental compliance costs and liabilities could reduce our earnings and cash available for operations.
we are subject to increasingly stringent laws and regulations relating to importation and use of hazardous materials, radioactive materials, chemicals and explosives and to environmental protection, including laws and regulations governing air emissions, hydraulic fracturing, water discharges and waste management. we incur, and expect to continue to incur, capital and operating costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations. the technical requirements of these laws and regulations are becoming increasingly complex, stringent and expensive to implement. these laws may provide for "strict liability" for remediation costs, damages to natural resources or threats to public health and safety. strict liability can render a party liable for damages without regard to negligence or fault on the part of the party. some environmental laws provide for joint and several strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of hazardous substances.
we use and generate hazardous substances and wastes in our operations. in addition, many of our current and former properties are, or have been, used for industrial purposes. accordingly, we could become subject to material liabilities relating to the investigation and cleanup of potentially contaminated properties, and to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as the result of exposures to, or releases of, hazardous substances. in addition, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of new or increased requirements could require us to incur costs or become the basis for new or increased liabilities that could reduce our earnings and our cash available for operations.
we could be subject to substantial liability claims, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety and environmental risks. our offerings involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. an accident involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product, could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations. our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption. moreover, we may not be able to maintain insurance at levels of risk coverage or policy limits that we deem adequate. any damages caused by our services or products that are not covered by insurance, or are in excess of policy limits or subject to substantial deductibles, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to maintain technology leadership, this could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold.
the oilfield service industry is highly competitive.  our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers.  if we are unable to continue to develop and produce competitive technology or deliver it to our clients in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
limitations on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including our trade secrets, could cause a loss in revenue and any competitive advantage we hold.
adequately protected.  our competitors may be able to develop technology independently that is similar to ours without infringing on our patents or gaining access to our trade secrets, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon its intellectual property rights.
the tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs, and may distract management from running our business. royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, would increase our costs. additionally, developing non-infringing technologies would increase our costs. if a license were not available, we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business. competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases. in periods of high utilization it may become more difficult to find and retain qualified individuals. this could increase our costs or have other adverse effects on our operations.
severe weather conditions may adversely affect our operations.
our business may be materially affected by severe weather conditions in areas where we operate. this may entail the evacuation of personnel and stoppage of services. in addition, if particularly severe weather affects platforms or structures, this may result in a suspension of activities. any of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we rely heavily on information systems to conduct our business.  although we devote significant resources to protect our systems and data, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business. there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems when such incidents or attacks do occur.  if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks are circumvented or breached, this could result in disruptions to our business operations, access to our financial reporting systems, the loss of access to critical data or systems through ransomware or other attacks, or other loss, misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, including our intellectual property and customer data.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k.
2017 executive overview schlumberger full-year 2017 revenue of $30.4 billion increased 9% year-on-year.  this reflects a full year of activity from the acquired cameron businesses as compared to only three quarters of activity in 2016.  in addition to the impact of cameron, revenue growth was driven by unconventional land resource developments in north america due to the recovery in activity combined with market share gains and improved pricing, as the oil and gas industry began to emerge from the longest and deepest downturn in 30 years.
during 2017, the outlook improved for international markets, evidenced by a significant increase in the sanctioning of new projects.  the number of final investment decisions tripled in 2017 as compared to 2016, with 75% of the new projects planned for shallow and deepwater offshore environments.
as the oil market began to rebalance in 2017, replacement of conventional oil reserves remains a challenge.  in 2017, discoveries were at an all-time low due to lower exploration activity, and more than 60% of discovered resources were gas.  oil discoveries accounted for only 3.4 billion barrels, while about 30 billion barrels of conventional oil is produced each year, representing a reserves replacement ratio of only 11%.
in the natural gas markets, low henry hub prices and flat domestic consumption allowed the us to transition from importer to exporter of natural gas for the first time since 1957, and liquified natural gas was the enabler. global lng trading increased 11% year-on-year driven by demand in asia. lng supply growth was also strong, with the addition of six new liquefaction trains in 2017. in today's well-supplied market, both producers and consumers are reluctant to invest in new projects. while the short-term market outlook remains challenged, strong longer-term demand growth signals a future need for new lng supply capacity.
schlumberger's financial performance in 2017 was driven by land activity in north america, where revenue increased over 80% in line with the average rig count increase.  continued expansion of schlumberger's hydraulic fracturing presence in north america resulted in additional fleet redeployments, which benefited the production group.  drilling group revenue in north america land increased due to the continuing high demand for longer horizontal lateral sections in shale oil wells.  increased cameron surface and drilling systems product sales and services also contributed to the strong financial performance in north america.  north america revenue, including offshore, grew 42% year-on-year.
international revenue decreased 2% as compared to 2016.  this decline was driven by soft demand for exploration and development-related products and services as e&p budgets remained tight.  activity in latin american decreased due to schlumberger's decision to align operations with cash collections in venezuela.  robust activity in the middle east and russia, driven by integrated drilling and production projects, as well as an additional quarter of activity from the acquired cameron businesses partially offset these decreases.
during the past three years of unprecedented market downturn, schlumberger has proactively sought to strengthen its technology offering and presence in key markets around the world.  the most recent example is the expansion of its hydraulic fracturing presence in north america land through the purchase of the us fracturing and pump-down perforating businesses from weatherford.  in line with the challenging business environment, over the same period schlumberger has restructured all relevant parts of the company, in terms of both size and organizational structure, to maximize its market competitiveness and operational agility.
with the significant changes seen in customer priorities and buying habits in recent years, schlumberger has continued to evaluate the present and future return prospects for all of its product lines, as it seeks to maximize its long-term financial performance.  based on
this in-depth analysis, schlumberger identified the seismic acquisition business as the only product line that does not meet schlumberger's return expectations going forward, even after factoring in an eventual market recovery.  schlumberger has, therefore, taken the difficult decision to exit the marine and land seismic acquisition market and instead operate the westerngeco product line as an asset-light business, built on its leading position within multiclient, data processing and geophysical interpretation.
looking at the oil market, the strong growth in demand is projected to continue in 2018, on the back of a robust global economy.  on the supply side, the extension of the opec- and russia-led production cuts is already translating into higher-than-expected inventory draws. in north america, 2018 shale oil production is set for another year of strong growth, as the positive oil market sentiments will likely increase both investment appetite and availability of financing.  at the same time, the production base in the rest of the world is showing fatigue after three years of unprecedented under-investment.  the underlying signs of weakness will likely become more evident in the coming year, as the production additions from investments made in the previous upcycle start to noticeably fall off.  taken together, this means the oil market is now in balance and the previous over-supply discount is gradually being replaced by a market tightness premium, which makes schlumberger increasingly positive on the global outlook for its business.
these positive oil market sentiments are reflected in third-party e&p spend surveys that predict 15-20% growth in north american investments in 2018, while the international market is expected to grow for the first time in four years, with a projected 5% increase in spend.  as a result, as schlumberger enters the first year of expected growth in all parts of its global operations since 2014, there is a renewed excitement and enthusiasm throughout the organization, and schlumberger remains committed to delivering market-leading products and services to its customers and superior returns to its shareholders.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                (3,764    )                                      (3,820   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items. full-year 2017 and 2016 include $252 million and $189 million, respectively, of amortization expense associated with intangible assets recorded as a result of the acquisition of cameron, which was completed on april 1, 2016.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2017 revenue of $30.4 billion increased 9% year-on-year.  this included a full year of activity from the acquired cameron businesses versus nine months of activity for the same period in 2016.  excluding the impact of the cameron group, revenue increased 7% year-on-year.  the growth was primarily driven by north america, where the land rig count increased more than 80% versus the same period last year.
full-year revenue for the drilling group declined 2% primarily driven by the 8% decline in offshore rig count combined with schlumberger's decision in april 2016 to reduce its activities in venezuela to align operations with cash collections. production
group revenue increased 21% due to the accelerated land pressure pumping activity growth in north america, while the reservoir characterization group revenue improved 2%.
full-year 2017 pretax operating margin was expanded 111 basis points ("bps") to 13%, as improved profitability in north america due to the land activity growth that benefited the production and drilling groups was offset by margin declines in the reservoir characterization and cameron groups.
drilling group full-year 2017 revenue of $8.4 billion decreased 2% year-on-year primarily due to the rig count declines internationally and in offshore north america combined with pricing pressure.  revenue also declined as a result of schlumberger's decision in april 2016 to reduce its activities in venezuela to align operations with cash collections.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 210 bps to 14% primarily due to improved profitability in north america due to accelerated land activity and improved pricing. this improvement was partially offset by the negative impact of reduced activity in venezuela.
production group full-year 2017 revenue of $10.6 billion increased 21% year-on-year with most of the revenue increase attributable to the accelerated land activity growth in north america that benefited the pressure pumping business which grew 44%. lower schlumberger production management (spm) production levels in ecuador partially offset the revenue increase.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin increased 297 bps to 9% as a result of improved profitability in north america due to the accelerated land activity and improved pricing.  this was partially offset by reduced margins in spm due to lower production in ecuador.
cameron group the cameron group contributed full-year revenue of $5.2 billion.  cameron group revenue for 2016 included only nine months of revenue following the closing of the acquisition in april 2016. revenue in 2017 was impacted by a declining project backlog, particularly for the long-cycle businesses of drilling systems and onesubsea.
charges &amp; credits (4)                               (3,820    )                                       (2,575   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items. full-year 2016 includes $189 million of amortization expense associated with intangible assets recorded as a result of the acquisition of cameron, which was completed on april 1, 2016.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2016 revenue of $27.8 billion decreased 22% year-on-year.  this included nine months of activity from the cameron group, which contributed $4.2 billion of revenue.
full-year 2016 pretax operating income margin decreased 658 bps to 12% as a result of the overall decline in activity and pervasive pricing concessions.  the margin decrease was highest in the reservoir characterization group, which contracted by 699 bps to 19%.  drilling group pretax operating margin fell 710 bps to 12%, while the production group decreased 687 bps to 6%.  the cameron group posted a pretax margin of 16%.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin decreased 699 bps to 19% due to reduced high-margin wireline and testing services activities.
drilling group full-year 2016 revenue of $8.6 billion decreased 37% year-on-year primarily due to the severe drop in rig count in both north america and internationally combined with pricing pressure that mainly affected drilling & measurements and m-i swaco activity.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin decreased 710 bps to 12% primarily due to the significant decline in higher-margin activities of drilling & measurements combined with pricing weakness.
production group full-year 2016 revenue of $8.7 billion decreased 30% year-on-year with most of the decrease attributable to a decline in north america, particularly on well services pressure pumping technologies driven by activity declines and pricing pressure as the land rig count declined dramatically.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin decreased 687 bps to 6% as a result of lower activity and increasing pricing pressure, which continued to impact north america land.
cameron group cameron group contributed nine-month revenue of $4.2 billion and pretax operating margin of 16%.  revenue was impacted by a declining project backlog as well as a further slowdown in north america land activity, which also affected the short-cycle businesses of the valves & measurement and surface product lines.
earnings of equity method investments        96                90               184
the decrease in earnings of equity method investments in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily reflects the effects of the downturn in the oil and gas industry, which has negatively impacted the majority of schlumberger's investments in affiliates, particularly those in north america.  this decrease also reflects the fact that schlumberger ceased recording equity income from the onesubsea joint venture in april 2016 as a result of schlumberger's acquisition of cameron.
interest expense of $570 million in 2016 increased by $224 million compared to 2015 primarily due to the issuance of $6.0 billion of senior notes during the fourth quarter of 2015 and the impact of the $3.0 billion of debt assumed in the acquisition of cameron.
although research & engineering costs increased as a percentage of revenue in 2016 as compared to 2015, they decreased in absolute dollar terms as a result of cost control measures that were implemented, offset in part by the impact of the cameron acquisition.
the schlumberger effective tax rate has historically been sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings. when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america increased, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally decreased. conversely, when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america decreased, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally increased.
the effective tax rate for each of 2017, 2016 and 2015 was significantly impacted by the charges and credits described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements because they were only partially tax-effective.  excluding the impact of these charges and credits, the effective tax rate was 18.2% in 2017, 15.9% in 2016 and 20.2% in 2015.  the increase in the effective tax rate in 2017 as compared to 2016, excluding the impact of charges and credits, was primarily attributable to a change in the geographic mix of earnings as the percentage of pretax earnings generated in north america increased.  the decrease in the effective tax rate, excluding the impact of charges and credits, in 2016 as compared to 2015 was primarily attributed to the geographic mix of earnings and the favorable resolution of the tax examinations in certain jurisdictions.
as discussed in further detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on december 22, 2017 the us enacted the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act").  the act, which is also commonly referred to as "us tax reform", significantly changes us corporate income tax laws by, among other things, reducing the us corporate income tax rate to 21% starting in 2018 and creating a territorial tax system with a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings of us subsidiaries.
excluding the impact of any discrete items, the provisions of the act are expected to reduce schlumberger's effective tax rate in 2018 by approximately 2 to 3 percentage points compared to what the rate would have otherwise been in the absence of us tax reform.  the ultimate impact on schlumberger's effective tax rate will largely depend on the percentage of pretax earnings that schlumberger generates in the us as compared to the rest of the world.
charges and credits schlumberger recorded significant charges and credits during 2017, 2016 and 2015. these charges and credits, which are summarized below, are more fully described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following is a summary of the 2017 charges and credits, of which $3.211 billion were classified as impairments & other, $245 million were classified as cost of sales and $308 million were classified as merger & integration in the consolidated statement of income (loss):
venezuela investment write-down                              938                  -                     -                       938
the following is a summary of the 2016 charges and credits, of which $3.172 billion were classified as impairments & other, $349 million were classified as merger & integration and $299 million were classified in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of income (loss):
inventory write-downs                                    616                  49                   567
facility impairments                                     165                  58                   107
facility closure costs                                   165                  40                   125
costs associated with exiting certain activities          98                  23                    75
merger-related employee benefits                          83                  13                    70
facility closure costs                                    61                  13                    48
the following is a summary of the 2015 charges and credits, all of which were classified as impairments & other in the consolidated statement of income (loss):
inventory write-downs                          269                  27                   242
facility closures                              177                  37                   140
geopolitical events                             77                   -                    77
liquidity and capital resources schlumberger had total cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity of $5.1 billion, $9.5 billion and $13.5 billion at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.  total debt was $18.2 billion, $19.6 billion and $19.0 billion at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
details of the components of liquidity as well as changes in liquidity follows:
dec. 31,                   dec. 31,                   dec. 31, components of liquidity:                                      2017                  2016                       2015
fixed income investments, held to maturity                                 -             238                        418
changes in liquidity:                                                                     2017       2016                    2015
earnings of equity method investments, less dividends received                             (56   )                 (60   )               (125   )
pension and other postretirement benefits expense                                          104                     187                    438
pension and other postretirement benefits funding                                         (133   )                (174   )               (346   )
decrease (increase) in working capital (3)                                                (823   )                 416                   (478   )
capital expenditures                                                                    (2,107   )              (2,055   )             (2,410   )
multiclient seismic data capitalized                                                      (276   )                (630   )               (486   )
business acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired plus debt assumed             (847   )              (4,022   )               (478   )
discontinued operations - settlement with u.s. department of justice                         -                       -                   (233   )
(1)   "net debt" represents gross debt less cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity. management believes that net debt provides useful information regarding the level of schlumberger's indebtedness by reflecting cash and investments that could be used to repay debt. net debt is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, or superior to, total debt.
(4)   "free cash flow" represents cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, spm investments and multiclient seismic data costs capitalized. management believes that free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for the company and that it is useful to investors and management as a measure of the ability of our business to generate cash. once business needs and obligations are met, this cash can be used to reinvest in the company for future growth or to return to shareholders through dividend payments or share repurchases. free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as substitute for, or superior to, cash flow from operations.
key liquidity events during 2017, 2016 and 2015 included:
•   cash flow from operations was $5.7 billion in 2017, $6.3 billion in 2016 and $8.8 billion in 2015. the decrease in operating cash flows for each of the last two years is largely attributable to lower earnings before non-cash charges and credits and depreciation and amortization expense.
•   schlumberger paid $2.8 billion of cash in connection with its acquisition of cameron. additionally, as a result of the acquisition of cameron, schlumberger assumed $3.0 billion of debt (including a $244 million adjustment to increase cameron's long-term fixed rate debt to its estimated fair value) and acquired $2.2 billion of cash and short-term investments.
•   in connection with schlumberger's acquisition of cameron, cameron merged with schlumberger holdings corporation ("shc"), an indirect wholly-owned united states subsidiary of schlumberger. under the terms of the agreement, cameron shareholders received 0.716 shares of schlumberger limited common stock and a cash payment of $14.44 in exchange for each cameron share of common stock outstanding. in connection with this transaction, shc acquired approximately 138 million shares of common stock from schlumberger limited and transferred those shares to cameron's shareholders.
in order to partially fund the purchase of the 138 million shares of common stock from schlumberger limited that were transferred to cameron stockholders, shc issued $6 billion of notes during the fourth quarter of 2015 consisting of the following:
the following table summarizes the activity under this share repurchase program during 2017, 2016 and 2015:
•   capital expenditures were $2.1 billion in 2017, $2.1 billion in 2016 and $2.4 billion in 2015. capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $2.1 billion in 2018.
●   during 2017, 2016 and 2015 schlumberger made contributions of $133 million, $174 million and $346 million, respectively, to its postretirement benefit plans. the us pension plans were 88% funded at december 31, 2017 and 85% funded at december 31, 2016 based on the projected benefit obligation.
schlumberger's international defined benefit pension plans were a combined 97% funded at december 31, 2017 based on the projected benefit obligation. this compares to 92% funded at december 31, 2016.
schlumberger expects to contribute approximately $125 million to its postretirement benefit plans in 2018, subject to market and business conditions.
•   the increase in spm investments in 2017 as compared to 2016 is primarily attributable to the purchase of a majority non-operating interest in the palliser block, located in alberta, canada, from cenovous energy, an integrated canadian oil company.
as of december 31, 2017, schlumberger had $5.1 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. schlumberger also has separate committed credit facility agreements aggregating $6.6 billion with commercial banks, of which $3.6 billion was available and unused as of december 31, 2017. the $6.6 billion of committed credit facility agreements included $6.3 billion of committed facilities which support commercial paper programs. schlumberger believes that these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
(3)   represents an estimate of contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business. although these contractual obligations are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow schlumberger the option to reschedule and adjust its requirements based on business needs prior to the delivery of goods.
refer to note 18, pension and other benefit plans, of the consolidated financial statements for details regarding schlumberger's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
as discussed in note 14, income taxes, of the consolidated financial statements, included in the schlumberger consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2017 is approximately $1.4 billion of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in the over 100 jurisdictions in which schlumberger conducts business. due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, combined with the difficulty in predicting when tax audits throughout the world may be concluded, schlumberger cannot make reliable estimates of the timing of cash outflows relating to these liabilities.
schlumberger has outstanding letters of credit/guarantees that relate to business performance bonds, custom/excise tax commitments, facility lease/rental obligations, etc.  these were entered into in the ordinary course of business and are customary practices in the various countries where schlumberger operates.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires schlumberger to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. the following accounting policies involve "critical accounting estimates" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by schlumberger about matters that are inherently uncertain.
schlumberger bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
multiclient seismic data schlumberger capitalizes the costs associated with obtaining multiclient seismic data. the carrying value of the multiclient seismic data library at december 31, 2017 and 2016 was $727 million and $1.07 billion, respectively. such costs are charged to cost of services based on the percentage of the total costs to the estimated total revenue that schlumberger expects to receive from the sales of such data. however, under no circumstances will an individual survey carry a net book value greater than a 4-year, straight-line amortized value.
the carrying value of surveys is reviewed for impairment annually as well as when an event or change in circumstance indicates an impairment may have occurred. adjustments to the carrying value are recorded when it is determined that estimated future revenues, which involve significant judgment on the part of schlumberger, would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the surveys. significant adverse changes in schlumberger's estimated future cash flows could result in impairment charges in a future period. for purposes of performing the annual impairment test of the multiclient library, surveys are primarily analyzed for impairment on a survey-by-survey basis.
allowance for doubtful accounts schlumberger maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts in order to record accounts receivable at their net realizable value.  judgment is involved in recording and making adjustments to this reserve.  allowances have been recorded for receivables believed to be uncollectible, including amounts for the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues such as disputed invoices.  adjustments to the allowance may be required in future periods depending on how such potential issues are resolved, or if the financial condition of schlumberger's customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments.
as a large multinational company with a long history of operating in a cyclical industry, schlumberger has extensive experience in working with its customers during difficult times to manage its accounts receivable.  during weak economic environments or when there is an extended period of weakness in oil and gas prices, schlumberger typically experiences delays in the payment of its receivables.  however, except as described below, schlumberger has not had material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable over the recent industry downturn.  schlumberger operates in more than 85 countries.   as of december 31, 2017, only five of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of schlumberger's net receivables balance, of which only one (the united states) accounted for greater than 10% of such receivables.
during the second quarter of 2017, schlumberger entered into a financing agreement with its primary customer in venezuela.  this agreement resulted in the exchange of $700 million of outstanding accounts receivable for promissory notes with a three-year term that bear interest at the rate of 6.50% per annum.  schlumberger recorded these notes at their estimated fair value on the date of the exchange, which resulted in a pretax and after-tax charge of $460 million.  as a result, the cost basis of the promissory note was $240 million as of june 30, 2017.
in april 2016, schlumberger announced that it was reducing its activity in venezuela to align operations with cash collections as a result of insufficient payments on outstanding receivables.  schlumberger also previously disclosed that its judgment regarding the collectibility of its receivables and promissory notes in venezuela is sensitive to the political and economic conditions in the country and that, if conditions in venezuela worsen, schlumberger may be required to record adjustments to the carrying value of these assets.  during the fourth quarter of 2017, conditions in venezuela further deteriorated such that schlumberger determined it was appropriate to write-off the remaining outstanding receivable balance of approximately $469 million and record an impairment charge of $105 million related to the aforementioned promissory notes, in order to write-down the cost basis of such notes to their estimated fair value as of december 31, 2017.
goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets schlumberger records the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill. the goodwill relating to each of schlumberger's reporting units is tested for impairment annually as well as when an event, or change in circumstances, indicates an impairment may have occurred.
under generally accepted accounting principles, schlumberger has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one of its reporting units is greater than its carrying amount. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, schlumberger determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, there is no need to perform any further testing. however, if schlumberger concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded based on that difference.
schlumberger has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
for purposes of performing the impairment test for goodwill, schlumberger's reporting units are its four groups: reservoir characterization, drilling, production and cameron. schlumberger elected to perform the qualitative assessment described above for purposes of its annual goodwill impairment test in 2017. based on this assessment, schlumberger concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of each of its reporting units was greater than its carrying amount. accordingly, no further testing was required.
long-lived assets, including fixed assets, intangible assets and investments in spm projects, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in reviewing for impairment, the carrying value of such assets is compared to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. if such cash flows are not sufficient to support the asset's recorded value, an impairment charge is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to its estimated fair value. the determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. if there is a material change in economic conditions or other circumstances influencing the estimate of future cash flows or fair value, schlumberger could be required to recognize impairment charges in the future.
income taxes schlumberger conducts business in more than 100 tax jurisdictions, a number of which have tax laws that are not fully defined and are evolving. schlumberger's tax filings are subject to regular audits by the tax authorities. these audits may result in assessments for additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or, potentially, through the courts. schlumberger recognizes the impact of a tax position in its financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position.  tax liabilities are recorded based on estimates of additional taxes which will be due upon the conclusion of these audits. estimates of these tax liabilities are made based upon prior experience and are updated in light of changes in facts and circumstances. however, due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, the ultimate resolution of audits may result in liabilities that could be materially different from these estimates. in such an event, schlumberger will record additional tax expense or tax benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs.
percentage-of-completion revenue recognition schlumberger uses the percentage-of-completion method to account for certain long-term construction-type contracts.  these contracts involve significant design and engineering efforts in order to satisfy custom designs for customer-specific applications.  under the percentage-of-completion method, revenue is recognized as work progresses on each contract. progress is measured by the ratio of actual costs incurred to date on the project in relation to total estimated project costs.
the estimate of total project costs has a significant impact on both the amount of revenue recognized as well as the related profit on a project.  revenue and profits on contracts can also be significantly affected by change orders and claims.  profits are recognized based on the estimated project profit multiplied by the percentage complete.  due to the nature of these projects, adjustments to estimates of contract revenue and total contract costs are often required as work progresses.  any expected losses on a project are recorded in full in the period in which they become probable.
pension and postretirement benefits schlumberger's pension and postretirement benefit obligations are described in detail in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements. the obligations and related costs are calculated using actuarial concepts, which include critical assumptions related to the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets and medical cost trend rates. these assumptions are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement and are updated on an annual basis, or upon the occurrence of significant events.
the discount rate that schlumberger uses reflects the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with maturities matching the expected timing of payment of the related benefit obligations. the following summarizes the discount rates utilized by schlumberger for its various pension and postretirement benefit plans:
●   the discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan was 3.70% at december 31, 2017 and 4.20% at december 31, 2016.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's international pension plans was 3.55% at december 31, 2017 and 4.13% at december 31, 2016.
●   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine expense for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan decreased from 4.50% in 2016 to 4.20% in 2017.
the expected rate of return for schlumberger's retirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return expected to be earned on plan assets over the period that benefits included in the benefit obligation are expected to be paid. the expected rate of return for schlumberger's united states pension plans has been determined based upon expected rates of return for the investment portfolio, with consideration given to the distribution of investments by asset class and historical rates of return for each individual asset class. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the united states pension plans was 7.25% in both 2017 and 2016. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the international pension plans was 7.40% in both 2017 and 2016. a lower expected rate of return would increase pension expense.
schlumberger's medical cost trend rate assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends. the overall medical cost trend rate assumption utilized to determine the 2017 postretirement medical expense was 7.25% graded to 5.0% over the next nine years. the overall medical trend rate assumption utilized to determine the postretirement medical liability at december 31, 2017 was 7.25% graded to 5.0% over the next nine years.
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states and international pension plan:
change in assumption   expense                 liability
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states postretirement medical plans:
change in assumption   expense                  liability