item 1a. risk factors.
in addition to information discussed elsewhere in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. the risks described below are not the only risks we face. additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations in future periods.
operational risks international operations, worldwide and domestic economic trends and financial market conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, or changes to international trade agreements and tariffs, import and excise duties, other taxes, or other governmental rules and regulations our products are produced and sold in numerous countries, we have employees in various countries and we have production facilities currently in the u.s., mexico, new zealand, italy and canada.
risks associated with international operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations, include:
•   changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions;
•   restrictions on foreign ownership and investments or on repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.;
•   import and export requirements;
•   currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment in some countries, which, among other things, can create uncertainty regarding contract enforcement, intellectual property rights and liability issues; and
•   inadequate levels of compliance with applicable anti-bribery laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act.
unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including economic slowdown, inflation, and the disruption, volatility and tightening of credit and capital markets, as well as unemployment, tax increases, governmental spending cuts or a return of high levels of inflation, could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products. these could also create or exacerbate credit issues, cash flow issues and other financial hardships for us and our suppliers, distributors, retailers and consumers. the inability of suppliers, distributors and retailers to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products.
we are also exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. we could experience changes in our ability to manage fluctuations in interest rates and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in reducing those risks.
we could also be affected by nationalization of our international operations, unstable governments, unfamiliar or biased legal systems or intergovernmental disputes. any determination that our operations or activities did not comply with applicable u.s. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, interruptions of business, terminations of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal and equitable sanctions.
the u.s. and other countries in which we operate impose import and excise duties, tariffs, and other taxes on beverage alcohol products in varying amounts. the u.s. federal government or other governmental bodies may propose changes to international trade agreements, tariffs, taxes and other government rules and regulations. significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on beverage alcohol products could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
in addition, federal, state, provincial, local and foreign governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such matters as licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, advertising and relations with wholesalers and retailers. certain federal, state or local regulations also require warning labels and signage. new or revised regulations or increased licensing fees, requirements or taxes could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. additionally, various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what our products contain or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products.
these international, economic and political uncertainties and regulatory changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations, especially to the extent these matters, or the decisions, policies or economic strength of our suppliers and distributors, affect our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
dependence on limited facilities for production of our mexican beer brands, and expansion and construction issues we are dependent on our nava and obregon breweries as our sole sources of supply to fulfill our mexican beer brands product requirements, both now as well as for the near term.
we are currently expanding our nava and obregon breweries and constructing our mexicali brewery, and our joint venture with owens-illinois is expanding its glass plant. while these multi-million-dollar expansion and construction activities are progressing consistent with our plans, there is always the potential risk of completion delays and cost overruns.
expansion of current production facilities and construction of new production facilities are subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including but not limited to: (i)  our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies and on terms that are acceptable to us; (ii)  potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; (iii)  inability to acquire rights-of-way or land or water rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; and (iv)  inability to acquire the necessary energy supplies, including electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel. any of these events could delay the expansion or construction of our production facilities.
we may not be able to satisfy our product supply requirements for the mexican beer brands in the event of a significant disruption, partial destruction or total destruction of the nava or obregon breweries or the glass plant. also, if the contemplated expansions of the nava and obregon breweries and glass plant and construction of the mexicali brewery are not completed by their targeted completion dates, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of our mexican beer to satisfy our needs. under such circumstances, we may be unable to obtain our mexican beer at a reasonable price from another source, if at all. a significant disruption at our nava or obregon breweries, or the glass plant, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship products to market on a timely basis. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not readily be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to breweries, wineries, other production facilities or distribution systems all of our mexican beer brands product supply is currently produced at our breweries in nava, coahuila, mexico and obregon, sonora, mexico. many of the workers at these breweries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. in addition, three of our largest wineries in the u.s. produce approximately 60% of our total annual wine and spirits product volume globally. the glass plant currently produces approximately 40% of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands. several of our vineyards and production and distribution facilities, including certain california wineries and breweries and our planned mexicali brewery, are in areas prone to seismic activity. additionally, we have various vineyards, wineries and breweries in the state of california which has recently experienced wildfires and landslides.
if any of these or other of our properties and production facilities were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties. also, our production facilities are asset intensive. as our operations are concentrated in a limited number of production and distribution facilities, we are more likely to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss in any one location from acts of war or terrorism, fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, labor strike or other labor activities, cyber-attacks and other attempts to penetrate our information technology systems, unavailability of raw or packaging materials, or other natural or man-made events. if a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations could be adversely affected due to higher maintenance charges, unexpected capital spending or product supply constraints.
our insurance policies do not cover certain types of catastrophes. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain property damage and business interruption insurance. if our insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at greater risk that we may experience an adverse impact to our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. if one or more significant uninsured or under-insured events occur, we could suffer a major financial loss.
supply of quality water, agricultural and other raw materials, certain raw materials and packaging materials purchased under short-term supply contracts, limited group of suppliers of glass bottles the quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of our agricultural raw materials and our ability to operate our business. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and droughts become more severe, there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose capacity constraints. we are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries, our wineries and our distilleries, as well as to irrigate our vineyards and conduct our other operations. the suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their vineyards and fields. if water available to our operations or the operations of our suppliers becomes scarcer or the quality of that water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints. in addition, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain operation of our production facilities and vineyards. a substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops and vines or other crops, such as barley or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.
we have substantial wine operations as well as brewery operations in the state of california and substantial brewery operations in the country of mexico. although certain areas in california recently experienced flooding, the state had endured an extended period of drought and instituted restrictions on water usage. a recurrence of severe drought conditions in california could have an adverse effect upon those operations, which effect could become more significant depending upon actual future drought conditions. our nava brewery and glass plant receive water originating from a mountain aquifer. our obregon brewery receives its allocation of water originating from an aquifer and we expect our mexicali brewery will receive an allocation of water originating from an aquifer. although we anticipate our operations will have adequate sources of water to support their on-going requirements, there is no guarantee that the sources of water, methods of water delivery, or water requirements will not change materially in the future.
our breweries, the glass plant, our wineries and our distilleries use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce their products. these include corn starch and sugars, malt, hops, fruits, yeast and water for our breweries; soda ash and silica sand for the glass plant; grapes and water for our wineries; and grain and water for our distilleries. our breweries, wineries and distilleries all use large amounts of various packaging materials, including glass, aluminum, cardboard and other paper products. our production facilities also use electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel in their operations. certain raw materials and packaging materials are purchased under contracts of varying maturities. the supply and price of raw materials, packaging materials and energy can be affected by many factors beyond our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices), droughts and other weather conditions or natural or man-made events, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases and theft.
our breweries, wineries and distilleries are also dependent upon an adequate supply of glass bottles. glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. we currently have a small number of suppliers of glass bottles for our mexican beer brands. in the u.s., glass bottles have only a small number of producers. currently, one producer supplies most of our glass container requirements for our u.s. wine and spirits operations and two producers supply our glass bottles for our craft beer.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors increases the costs of our finished products or lead to a shortage of our product supply, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers and government agencies local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the beer, wine and spirits categories, with separate distribution networks utilized for our beer portfolio and our wine and spirits portfolio. in the u.s., we sell our products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets and directly to government agencies, and we have entered into exclusive arrangements with certain wholesalers that generate a large portion of our u.s. wine and spirits net sales. wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete directly with our products for retail shelf space, promotional support and consumer purchases, and wholesalers or retailers may give higher priority to products of our competitors. the replacement or poor performance of our major wholesalers, retailers or government agencies could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruptions or could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
reliance upon complex information systems and third party global networks, cyber-attacks, and design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system (erp)
we depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers and suppliers, as well as maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and effect accurate and timely governmental reporting. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, or penalties associated with the failure to timely file governmental reports. we recognize that many groups on a world-wide basis have experienced increases in security breaches, cyber-attacks, and other hacking activities such as denial of service, malware, and ransomware. as with all large information technology systems, our systems could be penetrated by increasingly sophisticated outside parties' intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information, corrupting our information, disrupting our business processes, or engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information about us or our employees, customers or consumers. such unauthorized access could disrupt our operations and could result in the loss of assets or revenues, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation, or the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.
we have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future. we rely on those third-party service providers to provide services on a timely and effective basis. however, we do not ultimately control their performance. their failure to perform as expected or as required by contract could result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations.
we are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new erp system which we intend to replace our existing operating and financial systems. we are designing the erp system to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance operational functionality and provide timely information to our management team related to the operation of the business. we expect the implementation process will require the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. companies which implement new erp systems may experience delays, increased costs and other difficulties. if we are not successful in designing and implementing our erp system as planned or if it does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected, or our ability to assess those controls adequately could be delayed.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations, or reduce the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests and weather conditions our success depends upon the positive image that consumers have of our brands and of the safety and quality of our products. contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could adversely affect their sales. various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts and certain other weather conditions could affect the quality and quantity of barley, hops, grapes and other agricultural raw materials available, decreasing the supply and quality of our products. we cannot guarantee that our grape suppliers or our suppliers of other agricultural raw materials will
succeed in preventing contamination in existing vineyards or fields or that we will succeed in preventing contamination in our existing vineyards or future vineyards we may acquire. future government restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in growing grapes or other agricultural raw materials may increase vineyard costs and/or reduce production of grapes or other crops. it is also possible that a supplier may not provide materials or product components which meet our required standards or may falsify documentation associated with the fulfillment of those requirements.
product contamination or tampering or the failure to maintain our standards for product quality, safety and integrity, including with respect to raw materials, naturally occurring compounds, packaging materials or product components obtained from suppliers, may also reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. contaminants or other defects in raw materials, packaging materials or product components purchased from third parties and used in the production of our beer, wine or spirits products or defects in the fermentation or distillation process could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all our brands.
if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded, or cause injury, we may have to engage in a product recall and/or be subject to liability and incur additional costs. a widespread product recall, multiple product recalls, or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period, which could further reduce consumer demand and brand equity.
climate change and environmental regulatory compliance our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources. there has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. severe weather events, such as drought or flooding in california or a prolonged cold winter in new york, and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we presently source our various agricultural raw materials. decreased availability of our raw materials may increase the cost of goods for our products. severe weather events or changes in the frequency or intensity of weather events can also disrupt our supply chain, which may affect production operations, insurance cost and coverage, as well as delivery of our products to wholesalers, retailers and consumers. natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes may also negatively impact the ability of consumers to purchase our products.
we may experience significant future increases in the costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance, including fees, licenses, and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet environmental regulatory requirements. in addition, we may be party to various environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of our business or relating to historical activities of businesses we acquire. due to regulatory complexities, uncertainties inherent in litigation and the risk of unidentified contaminants in our current and former properties, the potential exists for remediation, liability and indemnification costs to differ materially from the costs that we have estimated. we may incur costs associated with environmental compliance arising from events we cannot control, such as unusually severe floods, hurricanes, earthquakes or fires. we cannot assure you that our costs in relation to these matters will not exceed our projections or otherwise have a material adverse effect upon our business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
strategic risks competition we are in a highly competitive industry and our sales could be negatively affected by numerous factors including:
•   our inability to maintain or increase prices;
•   new entrants in our market or categories;
•   the decision of wholesalers, retailers or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours; or
•   a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption due to consumer dietary preference changes or consumers substituting legalized marijuana or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol.
sales could also be affected by pricing, purchasing, financing, operational, advertising or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and other local agencies, and retailers which could affect their supply of, or consumer demand for, our products. we could also experience higher than expected selling, general and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position or for other reasons. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our prices to pass along to our customers any increased costs we incur.
potential decline in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our mexican beer brands our business depends upon consumers' consumption of our beer, wine and spirits brands, and sales of our mexican beer brands in the u.s. are a significant portion of our business. accordingly, a decline in the growth rate, amount or profitability of our sales of the mexican beer brands in the u.s. could adversely affect our business. further, consumer preferences and tastes may shift due to, among other reasons, changing taste preferences, demographics or perceived value. consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences and taste in our major markets away from our premium beer, wine and spirits brands, and our mexican beer brands in particular, from the categories in which they compete could have a negative impact on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations. consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in demographic or social trends, public health policies, and changes in leisure, dining and beverage consumption patterns. a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors, including:
•   a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;
•   the increased activity of anti-alcohol groups;
•   increased federal, state, provincial and foreign excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing;
•   increased regulation placing restrictions on the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products or increasing prices due to the imposition of duties or excise tax or changes to international trade agreements or tariffs;
acquisition, divestiture, investment, and new product development strategies from time to time, we acquire businesses, assets or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. we integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations and information systems. if the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations. we may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. in addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to realize fully anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities or other potential synergies. we cannot assure you that the fair value of acquired businesses or investments will remain constant.
we may also divest ourselves of businesses, assets or securities of companies that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business. we may provide various indemnifications in connection with the divestiture of businesses or assets.
we have also acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate a glass plant adjacent to our nava brewery and investments recently made through our constellation ventures function. our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs, to make capital investments, to fulfill alone our joint venture partners' obligations, or to purchase other parties' interests.
we have also recently invested in a canadian company that manufactures and supplies medicinal cannabis. while we will not develop, distribute, manufacture or sell cannabis products in the u.s., or anywhere else in the world, unless it is legally permissible to do so at all governmental levels in the particular jurisdiction, this investment could affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation with various constituencies.
in addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products. the launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. the launch of a new product can give rise to a variety of costs and an unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations may result in inventory write-offs and other costs.
we cannot assure you that we will realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures or investments. we also cannot assure you that our acquisitions, investments or joint ventures will be profitable or that forecasts regarding acquisition, divestiture or investment activities will be accurate. our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions or divestitures, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights, failure to protect our intellectual property rights our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. we have been granted numerous trademark registrations covering our brands and products and have filed, and expect to continue to file, trademark applications seeking to protect newly-developed brands and products. we cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of our trademark applications. we could also, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark and our competitors could challenge, invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us.
financial risks indebtedness we have incurred indebtedness to finance acquisitions, fund beer operations expansion and construction activities and repurchase shares of our common stock. in the future, we may continue to incur additional indebtedness to finance acquisitions, repurchase shares of our stock and fund other general corporate purposes, including beer operations expansion and construction activities. we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all our debt service requirements, pay dividends, repurchase shares of our common stock, and fund our general corporate and capital requirements.
•   our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs or acquisitions or other purposes may be limited;
•   our funds available for operations, expansions and construction, dividends or other distributions, or stock repurchases may be reduced because we dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•   our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and
•   our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.
additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. certain of our debt facilities also contain change of control provisions which, if triggered, may result in an acceleration of our obligation to repay the debt.
if we fail to comply with the obligations contained in our senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures, or other loan agreements, we could be in default under such debt facilities or agreements. in the event of a default, the holders of our debt could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under such instrument to be due and payable. a default could also require the immediate repayment of outstanding obligations under other debt facilities or agreements that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. if that were to occur, we might not have available funds to satisfy such repayment obligations.
intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks we have a significant amount of intangible assets such as goodwill and trademarks and may acquire more intangible assets in the future. intangible assets are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation under applicable accounting standards. the write-down of any of these intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes, and changes to accounting standards, elections or assertions the u.s. federal budget and individual state, provincial, local municipal budget deficits, or deficits in other governmental entities, could result in increased taxes on our products, business, customers or consumers. various proposals to increase taxes on beverage alcohol products have been made at the federal and state levels or at other governmental bodies in recent years. federal, state, provincial, local or foreign governmental entities may consider increasing taxes upon beverage alcohol products as they explore available alternatives for raising funds.
on december 22, 2017, the tcj act was signed into law in the united states. the changes in the tcj act are broad and complex and we continue to examine the impact the tcj act may have on our business and financial results. we recorded a provisional net income tax benefit in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 associated with the enactment of the tcj act. this provisional benefit is subject to change, possibly materially, due to, among other things, changes in estimates, interpretations and assumptions we have made, and additional guidance and interpretations from the u.s. treasury department, the irs or other standard-setting bodies, legislative actions, changes in accounting standards or related interpretations in response to the tcj act, and future actions by states within the united states that have not currently adopted the tcj act.
in addition, significant judgment is required to determine our effective tax rate and evaluate our tax positions. our provision for income taxes includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes or a change to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. when tax matters arise, several years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase our effective tax rate and resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
additional u.s. tax changes or in how international corporations are taxed, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, or changes to accounting standards, elections or assertions could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
other risks damage to our reputation the success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could adversely affect their sales and our reputation. our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid), negative comments in social media, or our responses relating to:
•   a perceived failure to maintain high ethical, social and environmental standards for all our operations and activities;
•   a perceived failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety or integrity of our products;
•   allegations that we, or persons associated with us or formerly associated with us, have violated applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistle-blowing, privacy, or cyber-security;
•   our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water and energy use, and waste management; or
•   efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis.
failure to comply with federal, state, or local laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial statement information, or protect our information systems against service interruptions, misappropriation of data or breaches of security, could also hurt our reputation. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position and brand equity.
class action or other litigation relating to abuse of our products, the misuse of our products, product liability, or marketing or sales practices there has been public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we believe is due to concern over problems related to harmful use of alcohol, including drinking and driving, underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. we could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices. adverse developments in lawsuits concerning these types of matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol products that may result from lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
control by the sands family our class b common stock is principally held by members of the sands family, either directly or through entities controlled by members of the sands family. holders of class a common stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of class b common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share. holders of class 1 common stock generally do not have voting rights. the stock ownership of the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family represents a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock as of april 17, 2018, voting as a single class. consequently, the sands family has the power to elect a majority of our directors and approve actions requiring the approval of the stockholders of the company voting as a single class.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, provides additional information on our businesses, current developments, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. it is organized as follows:
•   overview. this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition and potential future trends.
•   strategy. this section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of acquisitions, divestitures and investments.
•   results of operations. this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
•   financial liquidity and capital resources. this section provides an analysis of our cash flows and our outstanding debt and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the amount of financial capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
•   critical accounting estimates. this section identifies those accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements.
overview we are an international beverage alcohol company with a broad portfolio of consumer-preferred high-end imported and craft beer brands, and premium wine and spirits brands. we are the third-largest producer and marketer of beer for the u.s. market and the world's leading premium wine company. we are the largest multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the u.s., and a leading supplier of wine from new zealand and italy to north america.
our internal management financial reporting consists of two business divisions:  (i)  beer and (ii)  wine and spirits, and we report our operating results in three segments:  (i)  beer, (ii)  wine and spirits, and (iii)  corporate operations and other. in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported and craft beer brands. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market and sell in the u.s. our mexican beer portfolio. in the wine and spirits segment, we sell a large number of wine brands across all categories - table wine, sparkling wine and dessert wine - and across all price points - popular, premium and luxury categories, primarily within the $5 to $25 price range at u.s. retail - complemented by certain premium spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development, corporate finance, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, legal, public relations and information technology. the amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are therefore not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our chief operating decision maker's evaluation of the operating income performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
strategy our overall strategy is to create industry-leading growth and shareholder value by building premium brands that people love. we position our portfolio to benefit from industry premiumization trends, which we believe will continue to result in faster growth rates in the high-end of the beer, wine and spirits categories. we focus on developing our expertise in consumer insights and category management as well as our strong distributor network, which provides an effective route-to-market. additionally, we leverage our scale across the total beverage alcohol market and our level of diversification hedges our portfolio risk. in addition to growing our existing business, we seek targeted acquisitions of businesses that are premium, growing, high-margin, consumer-led, have a low integration risk and/or fill a gap in our portfolio. we also strive to identify, meet and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics.
we strive to strengthen our portfolio of premium beer, wine and spirits brands and differentiate ourselves through:
•   leveraging our leading position in total beverage alcohol and our scale with wholesalers and retailers to expand distribution of our product portfolio and cross promotional opportunities;
•   strengthening relationships with wholesalers and retailers by providing consumer and beverage alcohol insights;
•   investing in brand building activities;
•   positioning ourselves for success with consumer-led innovation capabilities that identify, meet and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics;
•   realizing operating efficiencies through expanding and enhancing production capabilities and maximizing asset utilization; and
•   developing employees to enhance performance in the marketplace.
our business strategy in the beer segment focuses on leading the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market and includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, as well as new product development and innovation within the existing portfolio of brands, and continued expansion and construction activities for our mexico beer operations. in an effort to capitalize on one of the growth segments within the u.s. beer market, we established the high-end craft and specialty beer platform in order to fully leverage our craft beer expertise with that of the capabilities and infrastructure of our broader beer segment.
in connection with this strategy, we have almost tripled the production capacity of our nava brewery since its june 2013 acquisition. in addition, construction of the mexicali brewery is underway and we are continuing to invest to increase the output from the obregon brewery, which was acquired in december 2016. expansion and
construction efforts continue under our previously-announced mexico beer expansion projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations. refer to "capital expenditures" below for additional discussion.
our business strategy in the wine and spirits segment is to build an industry-leading portfolio of premium wine and spirits brands. we are investing to meet the evolving needs of consumers and building brands through consumer insights, sensory expertise, innovation and refreshing existing brands as we continue to focus on the premiumization of our branded wine and spirits portfolio. we dedicate a large share of our sales and marketing resources to our u.s. focus brands as they represent a majority of our u.s. wine and spirits revenue and profitability, and generally have strong positions in their respective price categories. in markets where it is feasible, we entered into contractual arrangements to consolidate our u.s. distribution network in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this consolidated u.s. distribution network currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s. throughout the terms of these contracts, we generally expect shipments on an annual basis to these distributors to essentially equal the distributors' shipments to retailers.
marketing, sales and distribution of our products are managed on a geographic basis in order to fully leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, branded wine and spirits categories, with separate distribution networks utilized for (i)  our beer portfolio and (ii)  our wine and spirits portfolio. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of growing sales, expanding margins and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth, maintain our targeted leverage ratio and pay quarterly cash dividends.
recent developments in april 2018, we entered into an agreement to sell our remaining interest in our previously-owned australian and european business for approximately a$130 million, or $100 million, subject to closing adjustments. we expect to recognize a gain of approximately $85 million in connection with this transaction for the first quarter of fiscal 2019.
acquisitions, divestitures and investments beer segment funky buddha acquisition in august 2017, we acquired funky buddha, which primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill and trademarks. this acquisition included a portfolio of high-quality, florida-based craft beers which further strengthened our position in the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market. the results of operations of funky buddha are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
obregon brewery acquisition in december 2016, we acquired the obregon brewery, which primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill, property, plant and equipment and inventories. this acquisition provided us with immediate functioning brewery capacity to support our fast-growing, high-end mexican beer portfolio and flexibility for future innovation initiatives. it also enabled us to become fully independent from an interim supply agreement with modelo, which was terminated at the time of this acquisition. the results of operations of the obregon brewery are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
ballast point acquisition in december 2015, we acquired ballast point for $998.5 million, net of cash acquired. the transaction primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill, trademarks and property, plant and equipment. this acquisition provided us with a premium platform that enabled us to compete in the growing craft beer category and further strengthened our position in the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market. the results of operations of ballast point are reported in the beer segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
wine and spirits segment schrader cellars acquisition in june 2017, we acquired schrader cellars, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, inventories, trademarks and certain grape supply contracts. this acquisition included a collection of highly-rated, limited-production fine wines which aligned with our portfolio premiumization strategy and strengthened our position in the fine wine category. the results of operations of schrader cellars are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
canadian divestiture in december 2016, we sold our canadian wine business, which included canadian wine brands such as jackson-triggs and inniskillin, wineries, vineyards, offices, facilities and wine rack retail stores, at a transaction value of c$1.03 billion, or $775.1 million. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of our canadian wine business through the date of divestiture. we received cash proceeds of $570.3 million, net of outstanding debt and direct costs to sell. we will continue to export certain of our brands into the canadian market, which remains our largest export market. this transaction is consistent with our strategic focus on premium, high-margin and high-growth brands. we recognized a net gain on the sale of the business in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 of $262.4 million.
the following table presents selected financial information included in our historical consolidated financial statements for the prior year comparable periods that are no longer part of our consolidated results after the canadian divestiture.
gross profit                             $131.2            $152.9
income before income taxes                $46.6             $61.9
cash flow from operating activities       $47.2             $80.0
additionally, the impact on our historical wine and spirits segment results is the same as the impact on the historical consolidated results for the prior year comparable periods for net sales, gross profit, and depreciation and amortization. however, as segment results do not include the impact of comparable adjustments, amounts reported for our historical wine and spirits segment operating income that are no longer part of the segment's results after the canadian divestiture are $50.1 million and $63.3 million for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, respectively.
charles smith acquisition in october 2016, we acquired charles smith, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, inventories and certain grape supply contracts. this acquisition included a collection of five super and
ultra-premium wine brands and solidified our position as the second leading supplier of washington state wines with this collection of fast-growing, high quality wines that have strong consumer affinity and demand. the results of operations of charles smith are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
high west acquisition in october 2016, we acquired high west, which primarily included the acquisition of operations, goodwill, trademarks, inventories and property, plant and equipment. this acquisition included a portfolio of distinctive, award-winning, fast-growing and high-end craft whiskeys and other select spirits. the results of operations of high west are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
prisoner acquisition in april 2016, we acquired prisoner, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, inventories, trademarks and certain grape supply contracts. this acquisition, which included a portfolio of five fast-growing, higher-margin, super-luxury wine brands, aligned with our portfolio premiumization strategy and strengthened our position in the super-luxury wine category. the results of operations of prisoner are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
meiomi acquisition in august 2015, we acquired meiomi, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, inventories, the trademark and certain grape supply contracts. the acquisition of this higher-margin, luxury growth brand has complemented our existing portfolio and further strengthened our position in the u.s. pinot noir category. the results of operations of meiomi are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
corporate operations and other segment canopy investment and canopy warrants in november 2017, we acquired a 9.9% investment in canopy growth corporation, an ontario, canada-based public company and leading provider of medicinal cannabis products, and warrants which give us the option to purchase an additional ownership interest in canopy growth corporation. this transaction is consistent with our long-term strategy to identify, meet and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics.
for fiscal 2018 (as defined below), we recognized an unrealized gain of $464.3 million from the changes in fair value of the canopy investment and the canopy warrants, which is included in income from unconsolidated investments. we expect the fair value of these investments to continue to be volatile in future periods.
for additional information on these acquisitions, divestitures and investments, refer to notes 2 and 7 of the notes to the financial statements.
results of operations financial highlights references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of acquired brand activity in connection with our more significant acquisitions, consisting of meiomi, prisoner, high west and charles smith (wine and spirits), and the acquisition of ballast point (beer), and divested brand activity in connection with the canadian divestiture (wine and spirits), as appropriate.
financial highlights for fiscal 2018:
•   our results of operations benefited from improvements in both the beer and wine and spirits segments.
•   net sales increased 3% primarily due to an increase in beer net sales driven predominantly by volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, partially offset by a decrease in wine and spirits net sales due largely to the canadian divestiture.
•   operating income decreased 5% largely due to an unfavorable change in comparable adjustments, partially offset by the net sales volume growth and benefits from lower cost of product sold within our mexican beer portfolio, and a favorable product mix shift within the wine and spirits segment.
•   net income attributable to cbi and diluted net income per common share attributable to cbi increased 51% and 54%, respectively, driven largely by a net income tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018 associated with the tcj act.
comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and segment management compensation are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss). as such, the performance measures for incentive compensation purposes for segment management do not include the impact of these comparable adjustments.
as more fully described herein and in the related notes to the financial statements, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold loss on inventory write-down                                        $(19.1     )              $-                    $-
net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts         7.4                  16.3                 (48.1     )
settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts             2.3                  23.4                  29.5
amortization of favorable interim supply agreement                       -                  (2.2     )           (31.7     )
selling, general and administrative expenses impairment of intangible assets                                             (86.8     )           (37.6     )   -
restructuring and other strategic business development costs                (14.0     )            (0.9     )   (16.4       )
transaction, integration and other acquisition-related costs                 (8.1     )           (14.2     )   (15.4       )
costs associated with the canadian divestiture and related activities        (3.2     )           (20.4     )   -
other gains (losses)                                                         10.5                  (2.6     )   -
gain on sale of business                                                        -         262.4                 -
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments                              $452.6                 $(1.7     )   $24.5
cost of product sold loss on inventory write-down we recorded a loss on the write-down of certain bulk wine inventory as a result of smoke damage sustained during the fall 2017 california wildfires.
inventory step-up in connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition.
undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
favorable interim supply agreement in connection with the june 2013 acquisition of the imported beer business, a temporary supply agreement was negotiated under a favorable pricing arrangement for the required volume of beer needed to fulfill expected u.s. demand in excess of the nava brewery's capacity. amortization of favorable interim supply agreement reflects amounts associated with non-nava brewery product purchased from the date of acquisition which has been sold to our u.s. customers during the respective period.
selling, general and administrative expenses impairment of intangible assets we recorded trademark impairment losses related to our beer segment's craft beer trademark asset (fiscal 2018) and certain of our wine and spirits trademark assets associated with our decision to discontinue certain small-
scale, low-margin u.s. brands (fiscal 2017). in addition, refer to "costs associated with the canadian divestiture and related activities" below for information about an additional impairment of intangible assets recognized in connection with the canadian divestiture.
loss on contract termination we recorded a loss in connection with the early termination of a beer glass supply contract with owens-illinois, a related-party entity with which we have an equally-owned joint venture which owns and operates a glass production plant located adjacent to our nava brewery.
restructuring and other strategic business development costs we recorded costs primarily in connection with the development of a program specifically intended to identify opportunities for further streamlining of processes and improving capabilities, linking strategy with execution, prioritizing resources and enabling an integrated digital platform (fiscal 2018) and employee termination benefit costs recognized in connection with our plan initiated in may 2015 to streamline and simplify processes, and shift resources and investment to long-term, profitable growth opportunities across the business (fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016).
costs associated with the canadian divestiture and related activities we recorded costs in connection with the evaluation of the merits of executing an initial public offering for a portion of our canadian wine business (fiscal 2017) and net costs incurred in connection with the sale of the canadian wine business (fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017). in addition, in connection with the canadian divestiture, we recorded a trademark impairment loss for trademarks associated with certain u.s. brands within our wine and spirits portfolio sold exclusively through the canadian wine business, for which future sales of these brands were expected to be minimal subsequent to the canadian divestiture (fiscal 2017).
other gains (losses)
other gains (losses) consist primarily of a gain in connection with the reduction in estimated fair value of a contingent liability associated with a prior period acquisition (fiscal 2018).
gain on sale of business we recognized a net gain on sale of the canadian wine business.
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments we recorded an unrealized gain from the changes in fair value of the canopy investment and the canopy warrants, net of losses from hedging activities to reduce the associated foreign currency risk (fiscal 2018), and dividend income from a retained interest in a previously divested business (fiscal 2016).
net sales fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits:
spirits                        367.0         362.9                   4.1                        1     %
total wine and spirits       2,926.5                 3,102.2                (175.7    )        (6    %)
beer segment fiscal 2018                                                        fiscal 2017   dollar                 percent change                  change
(1)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
the increase in beer net sales is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio of $371.4 million, which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased marketing spend, and (ii)  a favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $74.2 million.
wine and spirits segment fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017   dollar                   percent change                    change
(in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents)
u.s. domestic focus brands                                        33.6                    31.8                                5.7     %
organic u.s. domestic focus brands                                33.4                    31.8                                5.0     %
u.s. domestic focus brands                                                                                                    6.6     %
the decrease in wine and spirits net sales is due to the canadian divestiture of $311.2 million, partially offset by net sales from acquired brands of $50.4 million and organic net sales growth of $85.1 million. the organic growth is due largely to favorable product mix shift of $129.5 million, partially offset by lower branded wine and
spirits volume of $39.9 million driven predominantly by brands within our wine and spirits portfolio other than our focus brands.
gross profit fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017           dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits                1,316.0                 1,360.7             (44.7    )        (3    %)
comparable adjustments            (28.1     )              17.4             (45.5    )        nm consolidated gross profit      $3,817.2                $3,529.4            $287.8              8     %
nm = not meaningful the increase in beer is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth and the favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $190.2 million and $74.2 million, respectively, and (ii)  lower cost of product sold for our mexican beer business of $140.5 million. the lower cost of product sold is primarily due to operational and foreign currency transactional benefits within our mexican beer portfolio of $89.6 million and $30.3 million, respectively.
the decrease in wine and spirits is due to the canadian divestiture of $131.2 million, partially offset by organic gross profit growth of $60.4 million and gross profit from the acquired brands of $26.1 million. the organic growth is due largely to favorable product mix shift of $93.2 million, partially offset by higher branded wine and spirits cost of product sold of $25.9 million.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 50.3% for fiscal 2018 compared with 48.1% for fiscal 2017 primarily due to (i)  lower cost of product sold for the beer segment, (ii)  the favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets and (iii)  the favorable wine and spirits product mix shift, which contributed approximately 185 basis points, 50 basis points and 40 basis points of rate growth, respectively; partially offset by an unfavorable change in comparable adjustments, which resulted in approximately 60 basis points of rate decline.
selling, general and administrative expenses fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits                                                  515.3                   559.9                 (44.6    )        (8    %)
the increase in beer is primarily due to increases in marketing spend of $46.1 million and general and administrative expenses of $27.9 million. the increase in marketing spend is due largely to planned investment to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by higher expenses supporting the growth of the business. the decrease in wine and spirits is primarily driven by the canadian divestiture of $81.1 million, partially offset by an increase in marketing spend primarily due to planned investment to support our organic growth and acquired businesses of $32.4 million. the increase in corporate operations and other is due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to increases in consulting of $12.8 million and compensation and benefits of $11.0 million, both largely attributable to supporting the growth of the business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 20.2% for fiscal 2018 as compared with 19.0% for fiscal 2017. the increase is primarily attributable to the unfavorable change in
comparable adjustments and the growth in corporate operations and other general and administrative expenses, which resulted in approximately 135 basis points of rate growth, partially offset by a benefit of approximately 25 basis points from the divestiture of the canadian wine business, which had a higher rate of selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales as compared with the rest of the wine and spirits business.
operating income fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017           dollar       percent change       change
wine and spirits                       800.7                   800.8              (0.1    )       -     %
operating income growth in our beer segment was driven predominantly by the factors discussed above. wine and spirits remained relatively flat as the loss of operating income in connection with the divestiture of the canadian wine business was offset by the growth factors discussed above.
income from unconsolidated investments income from unconsolidated investments increased to $487.2 million for fiscal 2018 from $27.3 million for fiscal 2017, an increase of $459.9 million. this increase is driven largely by an unrealized gain from the changes in fair value of the canopy investment and the canopy warrants, net of losses from hedging activities to reduce the associated foreign currency risk, of $452.6 million.
interest expense interest expense remained relatively flat for fiscal 2018 as compared to fiscal 2017 as a lower average interest rate of approximately 30 basis points was offset by higher average borrowings of approximately $645 million. the lower average interest rate is predominantly due to the issuance of the lower rate december 2016 senior notes, may 2017 senior notes and november 2017 senior notes and the repayment of the higher rate august 2006 senior notes and january 2008 senior notes. the higher average borrowings are primarily attributable to the purchases of businesses and treasury stock, net of proceeds from the canadian divestiture, during fiscal 2017.
loss on extinguishment of debt loss on extinguishment of debt for fiscal 2018 consists of a make-whole payment of $73.6 million in connection with the early redemption of our april 2012 senior notes and the write-off of debt issuance costs of $23.4 million in connection with the may and november 2017 repayments of outstanding obligations under the european term a loan facility and the u.s. term a loan facility under our applicable senior credit facility, the july 2017 amendment and restatement of the 2016 credit agreement and the early redemption of our april 2012 senior notes.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 was 0.5% and 26.5%, respectively. for fiscal 2018, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 32.7% primarily due to a net income tax benefit associated with the tcj act, lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses and the recognition of the income tax effect of stock-based compensation awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled in connection with our march 1, 2017, adoption of the fasb amended share-based compensation guidance. for fiscal 2017, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective
tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, including a change in our assertion regarding indefinitely reinvesting earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and the tax effects of the canadian divestiture.
on december 22, 2017, the tcj act was signed into law. the tcj act significantly changes u.s. corporate income taxes. for fiscal 2018, we recorded a provisional net income tax benefit of $363.0 million associated with the enactment of the tcj act. this amount is comprised primarily of benefits from (i)  the remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities to the new, lower federal statutory rate and (ii)  the reversal of deferred tax liabilities previously provided for unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries which were not considered to be indefinitely reinvested; partially offset by the recording of the mandatory one-time transition tax on unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. as we complete our analysis of the tcj act and incorporate additional guidance that may be issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs and other standard-setting bodies, we may adjust the recorded provisional amounts in subsequent reporting periods. those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made.
prior to fiscal 2017, we had historically provided deferred income taxes for the repatriation to the u.s. of earnings from our foreign subsidiaries. during the third quarter of fiscal 2017, in connection with the agreement to divest the canadian wine business and the ongoing beer capacity expansion activities in mexico, including the agreement to acquire the obregon brewery, we changed our assertion regarding our ability and intent to indefinitely reinvest unremitted earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries. approximately $420 million of our fiscal 2017 earnings and all future earnings for these foreign subsidiaries were expected to be indefinitely reinvested. therefore, no deferred income taxes had been provided on these applicable unremitted earnings. although we expect to continue to reinvest these foreign earnings, as the tcj act reduces the tax impact of repatriation, beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we have provided deferred income taxes, consisting primarily of foreign withholding and state taxes, on all applicable unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries.
for additional information, refer to note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
we expect our effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 18% to 20%. this includes the impact of an estimated benefit related to the recognition of the income tax effect of stock based compensation awards in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled and lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses.
net income attributable to cbi net income attributable to cbi increased to $2,318.9 million for fiscal 2018 from $1,535.1 million for fiscal 2017, an increase of $783.8 million, or 51%, driven largely by the factors discussed above, including the net unrealized gain primarily from the changes in fair value of the canopy investment and the canopy warrants of $452.6 million, the net income tax benefit of $363.0 million resulting from the tcj act and the strong operating performance for the beer segment of $303.9 million.
net sales fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits:
spirits                        362.9         334.4                            28.5              9     %
total wine and spirits       3,102.2                 2,925.8                 176.4              6     %
beer segment fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016   dollar                  percent change                   change
(1)   depletions represent distributor shipments of our respective branded products to retail customers, based on third-party data, including acquired brands from the date of acquisition and for the comparable prior year period.
the increase in beer net sales is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio of $404.4 million, which benefited from continued consumer demand and increased marketing spend; (ii)  net sales from the acquired ballast point brand of $124.9 million and (iii)  a favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $92.2 million.
wine and spirits segment fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016   dollar                  percent change                   change
(in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents)
u.s. domestic focus brands                                        32.0                    28.4                              12.7     %
organic u.s. domestic focus brands                                31.4                    28.4                              10.6     %
u.s. domestic focus brands                                                                                                   8.9     %
the increase in wine and spirits net sales is largely driven by net sales from acquired brands, primarily the meiomi and prisoner brands, of $124.0 million and organic branded wine and spirits volume growth of $95.9 million, partially offset by a decrease in net sales due to the canadian divestiture of $62.6 million.
gross profit fiscal 2017         fiscal 2016               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits                1,360.7             1,235.0                 125.7             10     %
comparable adjustments             17.4               (68.7     )            86.1             nm consolidated gross profit      $3,529.4            $2,942.3                $587.1             20     %
the increase in beer is primarily due to (i)  the volume growth and the favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio of $192.9 million and $92.2 million, respectively, (ii)  gross profit from the acquired ballast point brand of $53.4 million and (iii)  lower cost of product sold for our mexican beer business of $41.7 million. the lower cost of product sold is primarily due to foreign currency transactional benefits within our mexican beer portfolio of $54.6 million and brewery sourcing benefits of $35.3 million, partially offset by higher depreciation expense of $46.9 million.
the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to gross profit from the acquired brands of $69.4 million and growth from the organic wine and spirits business driven primarily by branded wine and spirits volume growth and favorable product mix shift of $48.8 million and $33.1 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in gross profit due to the canadian divestiture of $27.2 million.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 48.1% for fiscal 2017 compared with 44.9% for fiscal 2016 primarily due to (i)  a favorable change in comparable adjustments, (ii)  lower cost of product sold across both segments, (iii)  the favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets and (iv)  the favorable impact from the acquired higher-margin wine and spirits brands and divestiture of the lower-margin canadian wine business, which contributed approximately 120 basis points, 75 basis points, 65 basis points and 25 basis points, respectively.
selling, general and administrative expenses fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits                                                  559.9                   508.0                  51.9             10     %
the increase in beer is due to increases in marketing spend of $58.8 million and general and administrative expenses of $46.2 million. the increase in marketing spend is due largely to planned investment to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by higher compensation and benefits supporting the organic growth of the business of $22.2 million and general and administrative expenses associated with the acquired ballast point business of $19.7 million.
the increase in wine and spirits is primarily due to an increase in marketing spend of $25.7 million and general and administrative expenses of $25.0 million. the increase in marketing spend is due largely to planned investment to support the growth of our branded wine and spirits portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses is predominantly driven by (i) higher compensation and benefits of $24.5 million and higher consulting expenses supporting the growth of the business and (ii) an unfavorable overlap of prior year foreign currency transaction gains with current year foreign currency transaction losses, partially offset by a decrease in general and administrative expenses due to the canadian divestiture of $16.4 million.
the increase in corporate operations and other is due to higher general and administrative expenses primarily attributable to (i) higher consulting and information technology expenses, (ii) higher travel and entertainment expenses and (iii) an unfavorable overlap of prior year foreign currency transaction gains with current year foreign currency transaction losses. the increases in consulting, information technology and travel and entertainment expenses are all largely attributable to supporting the growth of the business.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 19.0% for fiscal 2017 as compared with 18.0% for fiscal 2016. the increase is primarily attributable to the growth in comparable adjustments and corporate operations and other selling, general and administrative expenses, which resulted in approximately 70 basis points of rate growth. additionally, the growth in wine and spirits selling, general and
administrative expenses having exceeded the growth in wine and spirits net sales resulted in approximately 25 basis points to the rate growth.
operating income fiscal 2017             fiscal 2016               dollar         percent change          change
wine and spirits                       800.8         727.0                            73.8             10     %
the increase in beer is primarily attributable to the growth in the mexican beer business of $238.9 million driven largely by the factors discussed above. the increase in wine and spirits is due to operating income from the acquired brands of $63.0 million and growth from the organic wine and spirits business driven primarily by the factors discussed above.
income from unconsolidated investments income from unconsolidated investments decreased to $27.3 million for fiscal 2017 from $51.1 million for fiscal 2016, a decrease of $23.8 million. this decrease is primarily attributable to an unfavorable change in comparable adjustments for fiscal 2017.
interest expense interest expense increased to $333.3 million for fiscal 2017 from $313.9 million for fiscal 2016, an increase of $19.4 million, or 6%. this increase was primarily due to higher average borrowings of $1.0 billion and lower average interest rates of 25 basis points, both driven largely by the $1.1 billion in new term loan facilities under our senior credit facility for fiscal 2017 and issuance of the december 2015 senior notes and december 2016 senior notes, partially offset by the repayment of the august 2006 senior notes.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was 26.5% and 29.3%, respectively. for fiscal 2017, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, including the change in our assertion regarding indefinitely reinvesting earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries and the tax effects of the canadian divestiture. for fiscal 2016, our effective tax rate was lower than the federal statutory rate primarily due to a decrease in uncertain tax positions and lower effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses.
net income attributable to cbi as a result of the above factors, net income attributable to cbi increased to $1,535.1 million for fiscal 2017 from $1,054.9 million for fiscal 2016, an increase of $480.2 million, or 46%.
financial liquidity and capital resources general our ability to consistently generate cash flow from operating activities is one of our most significant financial strengths. our strong cash flows enable us to invest in our people and our brands, make appropriate
capital investments, provide a quarterly cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock and make strategic acquisitions that we believe will enhance shareholder value. our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our principal use of cash in our operating activities is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used cash flow from operating activities to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. in october 2017, we implemented a commercial paper program which we intend to use to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. we will continue to use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program and our accounts receivable securitization facilities, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures.
we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
operating activities                                              $1,931.4            $1,696.0                $1,413.7
investing activities                                              (1,423.1     )      (1,461.8     )          (2,207.4     )
financing activities                                                (601.2     )        (134.8     )   776.0
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           5.8                (5.1     )              (9.3     )
operating activities fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
net cash provided by operating activities increased $235.4 million for fiscal 2018 primarily due to strong cash flow from the beer segment driven largely by the segment's strong operating results, partially offset by (i)  the timing of collections for recoverable value-added taxes and (ii)  an increase in cash outflow from accounts payable primarily attributable to the timing of payments. net cash provided by operating activities also benefited from our march 1, 2017, adoption of the fasb amended share-based compensation guidance, which resulted in the classification of excess tax benefits (resulting from an increase in the fair value of an award from grant date to the vesting or settlement date) as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows instead of as a financing activity where they were previously presented prior to march 1, 2017. refer to note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for additional information.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $282.3 million for fiscal 2017 driven largely by strong cash flow from the beer and wine and spirits segments. the increase in beer was primarily due to the strong volume growth and the favorable pricing in the mexican beer portfolio, partially offset by (i)  the timing of collections for recoverable value-added taxes and (ii)  an increase in beer inventory levels to support the continuing growth within the mexican beer portfolio. the increase in wine and spirits resulted primarily from (i)  cash collections from strong net sales in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, (ii)  a benefit from accounts payable due largely to timing of payments and (iii)  a benefit from the timing of receipt of distributor payments for fiscal 2017; partially offset by an increase in wine and spirits inventory levels due predominantly to a larger calendar year grape harvest for fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016.
investing activities fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
net cash used in investing activities decreased $38.7 million for fiscal 2018. this decrease resulted primarily from a lower level of fiscal 2018 net business acquisition and divestiture activity of $380.6 million, partially offset by the investments in canopy growth corporation of $191.3 million and higher capital expenditures of $150.2 million for fiscal 2018.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $745.6 million for fiscal 2017. this decrease resulted primarily from proceeds from the sale of the canadian wine business in december 2016 of $575.3 million and a lower level of fiscal 2017 business acquisition activity of $205.4 million.
business acquisitions consist primarily of the following:
● charles smith (october 2016)
financing activities fiscal 2018 compared to fiscal 2017
the increase in net cash used in financing activities consists of:
fiscal 2018             fiscal 2017               dollarchange
net proceeds from debt, current and long-term, and related activities   819.7                   1,176.8                  (357.1      )
net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities                17.7                126.2                        (108.5      )
net cash used in financing activities                                   $(601.2       )         $(134.8       )         $(466.4      )
the decrease in net proceeds from debt for fiscal 2018 is due largely to our strong operating cash flow. the reduction in net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities is primarily due to our march 1, 2017, adoption of the fasb amended share-based compensation guidance, which resulted in the classification of excess tax benefits as an operating activity in the statement of cash flows instead of as a financing activity where they were previously presented prior to march 1, 2017.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities consists of:
fiscal 2017                 fiscal 2016             dollarchange
net proceeds from debt, current and long-term, and related activities   1,176.8                     748.6         428.2
net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities                126.2                       277.8                  (151.6      )
other financing activities                                              -                            25.0                   (25.0      )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                     $(134.8       )            $776.0                 $(910.8      )
the increase in net proceeds from debt for fiscal 2017 is due largely to required funding for fiscal 2017 business acquisition activity and to finance the significant increase in share repurchases for fiscal 2017. the reduction in cash provided by stock-based compensation activities is primarily due to decreased fiscal 2017 employee equity award exercise activity.
senior credit facility in july 2017, we entered into the 2017 restatement agreement that amended and restated our 2016 credit agreement. among other things, the 2017 restatement agreement increased our revolving credit facility by $350.0 million to $1.5 billion and extended its maturity to july 14, 2022. proceeds from borrowings under the 2017 credit agreement were primarily used to refinance outstanding obligations under the 2016 credit agreement.
senior notes in may 2017, we issued the may 2017 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $1,482.5 million were used for the repayment of our january 2008 senior notes and a portion of the outstanding obligations under the u.s. term a loan facility under our 2016 credit agreement. the remaining outstanding obligations under the u.s. term a loan facility were repaid in may 2017 primarily with revolver borrowings under our 2016 credit agreement.
in november 2017, we issued the november 2017 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $1,982.5 million were used for the repayment of our outstanding obligations under the european term a loan facility under our 2017 credit agreement.
in february 2018, we issued the february 2018 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $1,879.9 million were used to redeem prior to maturity our outstanding april 2012 senior notes in the aggregate principal amount of $600.0 million and for general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of shares of our class a common stock and the repayment of short-term borrowings.
general the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 28, 2018, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes with maturities ranging from calendar 2019 to calendar 2048, and a variable-rate senior unsecured term loan facility under our 2017 credit agreement with a calendar 2024 maturity.
in october 2017, we implemented a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion of commercial paper. our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2017 credit agreement. accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility under our 2017 credit agreement.
we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when outstanding commercial paper borrowings mature, we will utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2017 credit agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. we do not expect that fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility under our 2017 credit agreement.
we had the following borrowing capacity available under our 2017 credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facilities:
remaining borrowing capacity february 28,                         april 17,
revolving credit facility (1)   $1,140.3                       $1,200.3
cbi facility                    $13.1                            $139.7
crown facility                  $-                                $32.0
(1)   net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2017 credit agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program.
the financial institutions participating in our 2017 credit agreement and our accounts receivable securitization facilities have complied with prior funding requests and we believe such financial institutions will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
as of february 28, 2018, we also have additional credit arrangements totaling $503.5 million, with $277.0 million outstanding under these arrangements. these arrangements primarily support the financing needs of our domestic and foreign subsidiary operations, as well as our glass production plant joint venture.
we and our subsidiaries are subject to covenants that are contained in the 2017 credit agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional indebtedness (including guarantees of indebtedness) by subsidiaries that are not guarantors, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions and thresholds. the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in the 2017 credit agreement. as of february 28, 2018, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.0x.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to:  (i)  a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii)  a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii)  restrictions on mergers, consolidations and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 28, 2018, we were in compliance with all of our covenants under both our senior credit facility and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a "risk factors" of this annual report on form 10-k.
class a common shares repurchase authorization         dollar value of shares repurchased               number of shares repurchased
(in millions, except share data)
share repurchases under the 2018 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares.
for additional information, refer to note 15 of the notes to the financial statements.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table sets forth information about our contractual obligations outstanding at february 28, 2018. it brings together data for easy reference from our balance sheet and notes to the financial statements. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 11, 12, 13 and 14 of the notes to the financial statements.
long-term debt (excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized discounts)       9,516.8                    22.3                   1,727.7                 2,312.5                 5,454.3
other long-term liabilities (2) (3)                                                          462.0                    76.9                     166.5                    46.6                   172.0
(1)   interest rates on long-term debt obligations range from 2.0% to 4.8% as of february 28, 2018. interest payments on long-term debt do not include interest related to capital lease obligations or certain foreign credit arrangements, which represent approximately 2.8% of our total long-term debt, as amounts are not material.
(2)   includes $86.7 million associated with expected payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as of february 28, 2018, $0.3 million of which is expected to be paid in the less than one year period. the payments are reflected in the period in which we believe they will ultimately be settled based on our experience in these matters. other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $2.6 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
(3)   includes the recording of a mandatory one-time transition tax liability of $180.0 million on unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries associated with the december 2017 enactment of the tcj act. as of february 28, 2018, $14.4 million is in other accrued expenses and liabilities and $165.6 million is in other liabilities. in accordance with the provisions of the tcj act, this amount is to be paid over eight years. for a detailed discussion of this item, refer to note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
(4)   consists primarily of $6,622.1 million for contracts to purchase certain raw materials and supplies over the next fourteen fiscal years and $590.3 million for contracts to purchase equipment and services over the next four fiscal years. for a detailed discussion of our purchase obligations, refer to note 14 of the notes to the financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
capital expenditures during fiscal 2018, we incurred $1.058 billion for capital expenditures, including $882.6 million for the beer segment primarily for (i)  our nava brewery and glass production plant expansions, (ii)  our mexicali brewery construction and (iii)  our obregon brewery optimization and expansion (collectively, the "mexico beer expansion projects"). management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current business needs. we plan to spend from $1.15 billion to $1.25 billion for capital expenditures for fiscal 2019, including from $975.0 million to $1.075 billion for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer expansion projects. the remaining fiscal 2019 capital expenditures consist of improvements of existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. the mexico beer expansion projects are expected to be completed over the next five fiscal years.
effects of inflation and changing prices our results of operations and financial condition have not been significantly affected by inflation and changing prices. we intend to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices, subject to normal competitive conditions. there can be no assurances, however, that we will be able to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices. in addition, we continue to identify on-going cost savings initiatives.
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to the financial statements. however, certain of our accounting policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. in applying those policies, management uses its judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. those estimates are based on our historical experience, our observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. on an ongoing basis, we review our estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business. our critical accounting estimates include:
•   goodwill and other intangible assets. we account for goodwill and other intangible assets by classifying intangible assets into three categories: (i) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, (ii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (iii) goodwill. for intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist. the guidance for goodwill impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or to proceed directly to performing the two-step impairment test. in the first step, the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is compared to the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill. the estimate of fair value of the reporting unit is generally calculated based on an income approach using the discounted cash flow method supplemented by the market approach. if the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, a second step is performed to determine the amount of goodwill impairment we should record. in the second step, an implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is determined by allocating the reporting unit's fair value to all of its assets and liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). the resulting implied fair value of the goodwill is compared to the carrying value of the goodwill. the amount of impairment charge for goodwill is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of the goodwill. our reporting units include the beer segment and the wine and spirits segment. in estimating the fair value of the reporting units, management must make assumptions and projections regarding such items as future cash flows, future revenues, future earnings and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are based on historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis. no indication of impairment was noted for any of our reporting units, as the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value. based on this analysis, the reporting
unit with the lowest amount of estimated fair value in excess of its carrying value was the wine and spirits reporting unit with approximately 126% excess fair value. for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for any of our reporting units.
the most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows calculation to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units in connection with impairment testing are: (i)  the discount rate, (ii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iii)  the annual cash flow projections. as of january 1, 2018, if we used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual cash flow projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of goodwill, then the changes individually would not have resulted in the carrying value of the respective reporting unit's net assets, including its goodwill, exceeding its estimated fair value, which would indicate the potential for impairment and the requirement to measure the amount of impairment, if any.
our other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. the guidance for indefinite lived intangible asset impairment testing allows an entity to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite lived intangible asset is impaired or to proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method. the estimate of fair value is then compared to the carrying value of each trademark. if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the trademark, then an impairment charge is recorded by us to reduce the carrying value of the trademark to its estimated fair value. in estimating the fair value of the trademarks, management must make assumptions and projections regarding future cash flows based upon future revenues and other factors. the assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are consistent with historical trends and the projections and assumptions that are used in current strategic operating plans. these assumptions reflect management's estimates of future economic and competitive conditions and are, therefore, subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record an impairment loss for these assets. the recording of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the beer segment's ballast point business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $86.8 million in connection with certain negative trends within its craft beer portfolio. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the wine and spirits' u.s. business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $37.6 million in connection with our decision to discontinue certain small-scale, low-margin u.s. brands. additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, the wine and spirits' u.s. business recognized a trademark impairment loss of $8.4 million in connection with certain u.s. brands sold exclusively through the canadian wine business, for which we expect future sales of these brands to be minimal subsequent to the canadian divestiture (refer to note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for further discussion). no indication of impairment was noted for any of our indefinite lived intangible assets for fiscal 2016.
the most significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty method to determine the estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with impairment testing are:  (i)  the estimated royalty rate, (ii)  the discount rate, (iii)  the expected long-term growth rate and (iv)  the annual revenue projections. as of january 1, 2018, if we used a royalty rate that was 50 basis points lower or used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher or used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower or used annual revenue projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives, then each change individually would not have resulted in any unit of accounting's carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
•   accounting for promotional activities. sales reflect reductions attributable to consideration given to customers in various customer incentive programs, including pricing discounts on single transactions, volume discounts, promotional and advertising allowances, coupons and rebates. certain customer incentive programs require management to estimate the cost of those programs. the accrued liability for these programs is determined through analysis of programs offered, historical trends, expectations regarding customer and consumer participation, sales and payment trends, and experience with payment patterns associated with similar programs that have been offered previously. if assumptions included in our estimates were to change or market conditions were to change, then material incremental reductions to revenue could be required, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements (refer to note 1 of the notes to the financial statements, "accounting guidance not yet adopted - revenue recognition").
•   accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of items of income and expense, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, luxembourg, mexico, new zealand, the u.s. and other jurisdictions. we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we record a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that they will not be realized. we believe that all tax positions are fully supported; however, we record tax liabilities in accordance with the fasb's guidance for income tax accounting. we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
on december 22, 2017, the tcj act was signed into law. the tcj act significantly changes u.s. corporate income taxes. due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the tcj act, we have made reasonable estimates of the effects and recorded provisional amounts in our financial statements as of and for the year ended february 28, 2018, based on currently available information. as we complete our analysis of the tcj act and incorporate additional guidance that may be issued by the u.s. treasury department, the irs and other standard-setting bodies, we may adjust the recorded provisional amounts in subsequent reporting periods. those adjustments may materially impact our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate in the period in which the adjustments are made.
accounting guidance accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2018 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. for further information on accounting guidance not yet adopted, refer to note 1 in the notes to the financial statements.