item 1a.    risk factors our business is subject to many risks. set forth below are the material risks we face. risks are listed in the categories where they primarily apply, but other categories may also apply.
competitive and reputational risks our continued success is dependent on positive perceptions of target which, if eroded, could adversely affect our business and our relationships with our guests and team members.
we believe that one of the reasons our guests prefer to shop at target, our team members choose target as a place of employment and our vendors choose to do business with us is the reputation we have built over many years for serving our four primary constituencies: guests, team members, shareholders, and the communities in which we operate. to be successful in the future, we must continue to preserve target's reputation. reputational value is based in large part on perceptions, and broad access to social media makes it easy for anyone to provide public feedback that can influence perceptions of target. it may be difficult to control negative publicity, regardless of whether it is accurate. while reputations may take decades to build, any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in negative mainstream and social media publicity, consumer boycotts, governmental investigations, or litigation. in addition, vendors and others with whom we choose to do business may affect our reputation. for example, cvs operates clinics and pharmacies within our stores, and our guests' perceptions of and experiences with cvs may affect our reputation. negative reputational incidents could adversely affect our business through lost sales, loss of new store and technology development opportunities, or team member retention and recruiting difficulties.
if we are unable to positively differentiate ourselves from other retailers, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
in the past, we have been able to compete successfully by differentiating our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of price, merchandise assortment, store environment, convenience, guest service, loyalty programs, and marketing efforts. our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. guest perceptions regarding the cleanliness and safety of our stores, the functionality, reliability, and speed of our digital channels and fulfillment options, our in-stock levels, the effectiveness of our promotions, the attractiveness of our third party offerings, such as the clinics and pharmacies owned and operated by cvs, and other factors also affect our ability to compete. no single competitive factor is dominant, and actions by our competitors on any of these factors or the failure of our strategies could adversely affect our sales, gross margins, and expenses.
the continuing migration of retailing to digital channels has increased our challenges in differentiating ourselves from other retailers. in particular, consumers are able to quickly and conveniently comparison shop and determine real-time product availability using digital tools, which can lead to decisions based solely on price, the functionality of the digital tools or a combination of factors. we must compete by offering a consistent, convenient shopping experience and value for our guests regardless of sales channel and by providing our guests and team members with reliable, effective, and easy-to-use digital tools. any difficulties in executing our differentiation efforts, actions by our competitors in response to these efforts, or failures by vendors in managing their own channels, content and technology systems could hurt our ability to differentiate ourselves from other retailers and adversely affect our sales, gross margins, and expenses.
our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others). our guests are using a variety of electronic devices and platforms to
shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. we must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract new developments and technology investments by our competitors. our evolving retailing efforts include implementing new technology, software and processes to be able to cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from our vendors and from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers. providing flexible fulfillment options is complex and may not meet guest expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, and low-price or free shipping. if we are unable to attract and retain team members, contract with third parties, or make selective acquisitions to obtain the specialized skills needed to support these efforts, collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to support our personalization efforts, allow real-time and accurate visibility to product availability when guests are ready to purchase, quickly and efficiently fulfill orders using the fulfillment and payment methods guests demand, or provide a convenient and consistent experience for our guests across all sales channels, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, if target.com and our other technology systems do not appeal to our guests, integrate with our vendors or other third parties, reliably function as designed, integrate across all sales channels, or maintain the privacy of data, we may experience a loss of guest confidence and lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
if we do not anticipate and respond quickly to changing consumer preferences, our sales, gross margins and profitability could suffer.
a large part of our business is dependent on our ability to make trend‐right decisions and effectively manage our inventory in a broad range of merchandise categories, including apparel, accessories, home décor, electronics, toys, seasonal offerings, food, and other merchandise. if we do not obtain accurate and relevant data on guest preferences, predict changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending patterns and other lifestyle decisions, emphasize the correct categories, implement competitive and effective pricing and promotion strategies, or personalize our offerings to our guests, we may experience lost sales, spoilage, and increased inventory markdowns, which would adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our gross margins and hurting our profitability.
investments and infrastructure risks if our capital investments in remodeling existing stores, building new stores, and improving technology and supply chain infrastructure do not achieve appropriate returns, our competitive position, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. our current store remodel program is larger than historic levels and is being implemented using a custom approach based on the condition of each store and characteristics of the surrounding neighborhood. when building new stores, we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. many of our expected new store sites are smaller, non-standard footprints located in fully developed markets, which require changes to our supply chain practices and are generally more time-consuming, expensive and uncertain undertakings than expansion into undeveloped suburban and ex-urban markets. pursuing the wrong remodel or new store opportunities, any delays, cost increases, disruptions or other uncertainties related to those opportunities, and lower than expected sales from those opportunities, could adversely impact our results of operations.
our business also relies on investments in technology and selective acquisitions, and the returns on these investments can be less predictable than remodeling and building stores. we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and selective acquisitions to improve guest experiences across sales channels and improve our supply chain and inventory management systems. these investments might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired return. in addition, if we are unable to successfully protect any intellectual property rights resulting from our investments, the value received from those investments may be eroded, which could adversely affect our financial condition.
targeting the wrong investment opportunities, failing to successfully meet our strategic objectives when making the correct investments, being unable to make new concepts scalable, making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs, or failing to effectively incorporate acquired businesses into our business could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
a significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and our ability to maintain guest confidence.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage and account for inventory, process guest transactions, manage and maintain the privacy of guest data, communicate with our vendors and other third parties, service target-branded credit and debit card accounts, and summarize and analyze results. we also rely on continued and unimpeded access to the internet to use our computer systems. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, and catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft and impediments to our ability to manage inventories or process guest transactions, engage in additional promotional activities to retain our guests, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
we continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency, and could negatively impact guest experience and guest confidence.
data security and privacy risks if our efforts to protect the security of information about our guests, team members, vendors and other third parties are unsuccessful, we may face additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our sales and reputation could suffer.
we regularly receive and store information about our guests, team members, vendors and other third parties. we have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. in addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties or through open source solutions may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving our team members, contractors, and vendors.
until the data breach we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2013, all incidents we encountered were insignificant. the data breach we experienced in 2013 was significant and went undetected for several weeks. both we and our vendors had data security incidents subsequent to the 2013 data breach; however, to date these other incidents have not been material to our consolidated financial statements. based on the prominence and notoriety of the 2013 data breach, even minor additional data security incidents could draw greater scrutiny. if we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience additional significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to additional government enforcement actions and private litigation. in addition, our guests could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, which could cause them to discontinue using our redcards or loyalty programs, or stop shopping with us altogether.
supply chain and third party risks changes in our relationships with our vendors, changes in tax policy or trade relations, interruptions in our supply chain or increased commodity or supply chain costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
we are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise to our distribution centers, stores, and guests. as we continue to add capabilities, operating our fulfillment network becomes more complex and challenging. if our fulfillment network does not operate properly or if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise out-of-stocks, delivery delays or increased delivery costs, which could lead to lost sales and decreased guest confidence, and adversely affect our results of operations.
a large portion of our merchandise is sourced, directly or indirectly, from outside the united states, with china as our single largest source, so any major changes in tax policy or trade relations, such as the imposition of additional tariffs
or duties on imported products, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, effective income tax rate, liquidity and net income.
political or financial instability, currency fluctuations, changes in trade policy, trade restrictions, tariffs or duties, the outbreak of pandemics, labor unrest, transport capacity and costs, port security, weather conditions, natural disasters or other events that could slow or disrupt port activities and affect foreign trade are beyond our control and could materially disrupt our supply of merchandise, increase our costs, and/or adversely affect our results of operations. there have been periodic labor disputes impacting the united states ports that have caused us to make alternative arrangements to continue the flow of inventory, and if these types of disputes recur, worsen, or occur in other countries through which we source products, it may have a material impact on our costs or inventory supply. changes in the costs of procuring commodities used in our merchandise or the costs related to our supply chain, including vendor costs, labor, fuel, tariffs, duties, currency exchange rates, and supply chain transparency initiatives, could have an adverse effect on gross margins, expenses, and results of operations. changes in our relationships with our vendors also have the potential to increase our expenses and adversely affect results of operations.
a disruption in relationships with third party service providers could adversely affect our operations.
we rely on third parties to support our business, including portions of our technology development and support, our digital platforms and fulfillment operations, credit and debit card transaction processing, extensions of credit for our 5% redcard rewards loyalty program, the clinics and pharmacies operated by cvs within our stores, the infrastructure supporting our guest contact centers, aspects of our food offerings, and delivery services. if we are unable to contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support those strategies or integrate their products and services with our business, if we fail to properly manage those third parties, if they fail to meet our performance standards and expectations, including with respect to data security, then our reputation, sales, and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, we could face increased costs or be limited in finding replacement providers or hiring and retaining team members to provide these services in-house. for example, if our guests unfavorably view cvs's operations or if our relationship with cvs does not meet our strategic objectives, our ability to discontinue the relationship is limited and our results of operations may be adversely affected.
legal, regulatory, global and other external risks our earnings depend on the state of macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence in the united states.
virtually all of our sales are in the united states, making our results highly dependent on united states consumer confidence and the health of the united states economy. in addition, a significant portion of our total sales is derived from stores located in five states: california, texas, florida, minnesota and illinois, resulting in further dependence on local economic conditions in these states. deterioration in macroeconomic conditions or consumer confidence could negatively affect our business in many ways, including slowing sales growth, reducing overall sales, and reducing gross margins.
these same considerations impact the success of our credit card program. although we no longer own a consumer credit card receivables portfolio, we share in the profits generated by the credit card program with td bank group (td), which owns the receivables generated by our proprietary credit cards. deterioration in macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect the volume of new credit accounts, the amount of credit card program balances and the ability of credit card holders to pay their balances. these conditions could result in us receiving lower profit‐sharing payments.
uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, alone or together with natural disasters, could adversely affect our operations.
uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions can affect consumer shopping patterns, particularly in apparel and seasonal items, which could lead to lost sales or greater than expected markdowns and adversely affect our short-term results of operations. in addition, our three largest states by total sales are california, texas and florida, areas where natural disasters are more prevalent. natural disasters in those states or in other areas where our sales are concentrated could result in significant physical damage to or closure of one or more of our stores, distribution centers or key vendors, and cause delays in the distribution of merchandise from our vendors to our distribution centers, stores, and guests, which could adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our costs and lowering our sales.
with over 300,000 team members, our workforce costs represent our largest operating expense, and our business is dependent on our ability to attract, train, and retain the appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors, and temporary staffing and effectively organize and manage those resources as our business and strategic priorities change. many team members are in entry-level or part-time positions with historically high turnover rates. our ability to meet our changing labor needs while controlling our costs is subject to external factors such as labor laws and regulations, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, collective bargaining efforts, health care and other benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. if we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers and an appropriate mix of qualified team members, contractors and temporary staffing, our operations, guest service levels, support functions, and competitiveness could suffer. those factors, together with increasing wage and benefit costs, could adversely affect our results of operations. we are periodically subject to labor organizing efforts. if we become subject to one or more collective bargaining agreements in the future, it could adversely affect our labor costs and how we operate our business.
we have offices in india and china where there has generally been greater political, financial, environmental and health instability than the united states. an extended disruption of our operations in india or offices in china could adversely affect our operations and financial results.
if our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or target's or our guests' expectations regarding safety, supply chain transparency and integrity of sources of supply, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. all of our vendors must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns, including food or drug contamination, could expose us to government enforcement action or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. our sourcing vendors must also meet our expectations across multiple areas of social compliance, including supply chain transparency and sources of supply. we have a social compliance audit process, but we are also dependent on our vendors to ensure that the products we buy comply with our standards. negative guest perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell and events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived social compliance concerns could hurt our reputation, result in lost sales, cause our guests to seek alternative sources for their needs, and make it difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our guests.
our failure to comply with federal, state, local, and international laws, or changes in these laws could increase our costs, reduce our margins, and lower our sales.
our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate. our expenses could increase, and our operations could be adversely affected by significant legislative changes to workforce-related issues, including an employer's obligation to recognize collective bargaining units, the process by which collective bargaining agreements are negotiated or imposed, the classification of exempt and non-exempt employees, the distinction between employees and contractors, minimum wage requirements, advance scheduling notice requirements, and health care mandates. in addition, changes in the regulatory environment affecting privacy and information security, product safety, payment methods and related fees, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase without an ability to pass through any increased expenses through higher prices. in addition, if we fail to comply with other applicable laws and regulations, including wage and hour laws, the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery laws, we could be subject to reputation and legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our costs, reducing our margins, and lowering our sales.
financial risks changes in our effective income tax rate could adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity, and net income.
a number of factors influence our effective income tax rate, including changes in tax law and related regulations, tax treaties, interpretation of existing laws, and our ability to sustain our reporting positions on examination. changes in any of those factors could change our effective tax rate, which could adversely affect our net income. in addition, our operations outside of the united states may cause greater volatility in our effective tax rate.
if we are unable to access the capital markets or obtain bank credit, our financial position, liquidity, and results of operations could suffer.
we are dependent on a stable, liquid, and well-functioning financial system to fund our operations and capital investments. our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. if rating agencies lower our credit ratings, it could adversely impact our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically, and there is no guarantee our current credit rating will remain the same. in addition, we use a variety of derivative products to manage our exposure to market risk, principally interest rate and equity price fluctuations. disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to fund our operations and capital investments, and lead to losses on derivative positions resulting from counterparty failures, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary fiscal 2017 (a 53-week year) included the following notable items:
•   gaap earnings per share from continuing operations were $5.32, including discrete benefits related to the tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act).
•   adjusted earnings per share were $4.71, which excludes discrete benefits related to the tax act and other items described on page 22.
•   comparable digital channel sales growth of 27 percent contributed 1.2 percentage points of comparable sales growth.
•   we made several investments to improve and expand our delivery capabilities; most notably, we purchased shipt, an online same-day delivery company, for approximately $550 million.
sales were $71,879 million for 2017, an increase of $2,384 million or 3.4 percent from the prior year, due to a comparable sales increase of 1.3 percent, the extra week in 2017, and the contribution from new stores. earnings from continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes in 2017 decreased by $657 million or 13.2 percent from 2016 to $4,312 million. the analysis of results of operations discussion provides more information. operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $6,849 million for 2017, an increase of $1,520 million, or 28.5 percent from $5,329 million for 2016. refer to the cash flows discussion within the liquidity and capital resources section of md&a on page 25 for additional information.
note:  amounts may not foot due to rounding. adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (adjusted eps), a non-gaap metric, excludes the impact of certain items not related to our routine retail operations. management believes that adjusted eps is meaningful to provide period-to-period comparisons of our operating results. a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap measures is provided on page 22.
we report after-tax return on invested capital (roic) from continuing operations because we believe roic provides a meaningful measure of our capital-allocation effectiveness over time. for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018, roic was 15.9 percent, compared with 15.0 percent for the trailing twelve months ended january 28, 2017. excluding the discrete impacts of the tax act, roic was 14.0 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018. a reconciliation of roic is provided on page 24.
ebit                                                                                           $4,312          $4,965        $5,127           (13.2   )%         (3.2   )%
note: see note 30 of our financial statements for a reconciliation of our segment results to earnings before income taxes and more information about items recorded outside of segment sg&a.
(b)   sales and cost of sales include $3,815 million and $3,076 million, respectively, related to our former pharmacy and clinic businesses for 2015. the sale of these businesses had no notable impact on ebit.
(d)   for 2017, 2016, and 2015, sg&amp;a expenses includes $694 million, $663 million, and $641 million, respectively, of net profit-sharing income under our credit card program agreement.
ebit margin rate (c)                                                                                        6.0         7.1         6.9
(c)   excluding sales of our former pharmacy and clinic businesses, ebit margin rate was 7.3 percent for 2015.
sales sales include all merchandise sales, net of expected returns, and gift card breakage. note 2 of the financial statements provides a gift card "breakage" definition. digital channel sales include all sales initiated through mobile applications and our websites. digital channel sales may be fulfilled through our stores, our distribution centers, our vendors, or other delivery options, including store drive-up and delivery via our wholly own subsidiary, shipt.
digital             5.5   4.4         3.4
(a)   excluding sales of our former pharmacy and clinic businesses, stores and digital channels sales were 96.4 percent and 3.6 percent of total sales, respectively, for 2015.
comparable sales is a measure that highlights the performance of our stores and digital channel sales by measuring the change in sales for a period over the comparable, prior-year period of equivalent length. comparable sales include all sales, except sales from stores open less than 13 months, digital acquisitions we have owned less than 13 months, stores that have been closed, and digital acquisitions that we no longer operate. we removed pharmacy and clinic sales from the 2015 sales amounts when calculating 2016 comparable sales. comparable sales measures vary across the retail industry. as a result, our comparable sales calculation is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
digital channel contribution to comparable sales change    1.2   1.0         0.8
(e)   includes furniture, lighting, kitchenware, small appliances, home décor, bed and bath, home improvement, automotive, and seasonal merchandise such as patio furniture and holiday décor.
the collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix and transfer of sales to new stores makes further analysis of sales metrics infeasible.
td offers credit to qualified guests through target-branded credit cards: the target credit card and the target mastercard credit card (target credit cards). additionally, we offer a branded proprietary target debit card. collectively, we refer to these products as redcards®. guests receive a 5 percent discount on virtually all purchases and free shipping when they use a redcard. we monitor the percentage of sales that are paid for using redcards (redcard penetration) because our internal analysis has indicated that a meaningful portion of incremental purchases on our redcards are also incremental sales for target.
target debit card           13.0   %    12.8   %    12.1   %
target credit cards         11.3   11.2        10.1
note: excluding pharmacy and clinic sales, total redcard penetration would have been 23.2 percent for 2015. the sum of target credit cards and target debit card penetration may not equal total redcard penetration due to rounding.
gross margin rate our gross margin rate was 28.9 percent in 2017, 29.3 percent in 2016, and 29.2 percent in 2015. the 2017 decrease was primarily due to increased digital fulfillment costs. benefits from cost savings initiatives were offset by net investments in pricing and promotions.
the 2016 increase was primarily due to the pharmacy transaction and favorable category sales mix, partially offset by increased digital fulfillment costs. cost of goods savings helped offset the impact of a competitive promotional environment.
the decrease in 2016 primarily resulted from the benefit of the pharmacy transaction and technology-related cost savings, partially offset by increased stores hourly payroll.
other performance factors other selling, general and administrative expenses we recorded $(4) million and $216 million of selling, general and administrative expenses outside of the segment during 2016 and 2015, respectively, because they relate to discretely managed matters. additional information about these discretely managed items is provided within note 30 of the financial statements.
•   we recognized a provisional net tax benefit of $352 million related to remeasurement of our net deferred tax liabilities, including $381 million of benefit from the new lower rate, partially offset by $29 million of deferred income tax expense from our foreign operations. in 2017, due to changes effected by the tax act and other reasons, we have not asserted indefinite reinvestment in our foreign operations.
•   through 2022, the tax act allows companies to immediately deduct the cost of certain capital expenditures from taxable income instead of deducting the costs over time. this provision phases out over 2023-2027.
•   the tax act implements a territorial tax system and imposes a one-time repatriation tax on deemed repatriated accumulated foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017. the one-time repatriation tax did not materially affect our net tax expense because in the aggregate our foreign entities have an accumulated earnings deficit, driven by our discontinued operations.
•   although the tax act generally eliminates u.s. federal income tax on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, it creates a new requirement that certain income referred to as global intangible low-taxed income earned by controlled foreign corporations must be included currently in the gross income of the entity's u.s. shareholder.
•   the tax act limits the deductibility of interest, executive compensation, and certain other expenses.
we expect a 2018 effective tax rate of 22 percent to 25 percent. we expect a corresponding 2018 operating cash flow benefit from the lower rate and, to a lesser degree, additional operating cash flow benefits from the immediate deductibility provision described above.
our 2016 effective income tax rate from continuing operations increased to 32.7 percent, from 32.5 percent in 2015, driven primarily by the 2015 rate impact of the $112 million tax benefit from releasing the valuation allowance on a capital loss carryforward. this comparative rate impact was partially offset by $27 million of excess tax benefit in 2016 related to shared-based payments after the adoption of accounting standards update (asu) no. 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, and lower pretax earnings.
note 23 of the financial statements provides additional information.
discontinued operations see note 7 of the financial statements for information about our canada exit.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap measures to provide additional transparency, we have disclosed non-gaap adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (adjusted eps). this metric excludes certain items presented below. we believe this information is useful in providing period-to-period comparisons of the results of our continuing operations. this measure is not in accordance with, or an alternative to, generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap). the most comparable gaap measure is diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. adjusted eps should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. other companies may calculate adjusted eps differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies.
(b)   represents discrete items related to the tax act. refer to the provision for income taxes discussion within md&amp;a and note 23 of the financial statements.
(f)   for 2016, represents items related to the pharmacy transaction. for 2015, represents impairments related to our decision to wind down certain noncore operations.
we have presented consolidated earnings from continuing operations before interest expense and income taxes (ebit) and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda), non-gaap financial measures, because we believe that these measures provide meaningful information about our operational efficiency compared to our competitors by excluding the impact of differences in tax jurisdictions and structures, debt levels, and, for ebitda, capital investment. these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. the most comparable gaap measure is net earnings from continuing operations. consolidated ebit and ebitda should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. other companies may calculate consolidated ebit and ebitda differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure for comparisons with other companies.
ebit and ebitda                                                                                           percent change
ebit                                            4,312            4,969           5,530       (13.2   )      (10.1   )
ebitda                                         $6,757           $7,267          $7,743        (7.0   )%      (6.2   )%
(b)   represents total depreciation and amortization, including amounts classified within depreciation and amortization and within cost of sales on our consolidated statements of operations.
we have also disclosed after-tax return on invested capital for continuing operations (roic), which is a ratio based on gaap information, with the exception of adjustments made to capitalize operating leases. operating leases are capitalized as part of the roic calculation to control for differences in capital structure across companies. this metric provides a measure of the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time. other companies may calculate roic differently, limiting the usefulness of the measure.
after-tax return on invested capital numerator                                                                                                                             trailing twelve months
net operating profit after taxes                                                                                    $3,528                      $3,392
+ shareholders' equity                                             11,709             10,953              12,957
+ capitalized operating lease obligations (c)(e)                    1,339              1,187               1,457
invested capital                                                  $21,990            $22,315             $22,902
average invested capital (g)                                      $22,152            $22,608
after-tax return on invested capital   15.9      %   (d)   15.0   %
(b)   represents the add-back to operating income driven by the hypothetical interest expense we would incur if the property under our operating leases were owned or accounted for as capital leases, using eight times our trailing twelve months rent expense and an estimated interest rate of six percent.
(c)   see the following reconciliation of capitalized operating leases table for the adjustments to our gaap total rent expense to obtain the hypothetical capitalization of operating leases and related operating lease interest.
(d)   calculated using the effective tax rates for continuing operations, which were 19.7 percent and 32.7 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, respectively. for the twelve months ended february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, includes tax effect of $848 million and $1,624 million, respectively, related to ebit and $16 million and $23 million, respectively, related to operating lease interest. the effective tax rate for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018 includes discrete tax benefits related to the tax act and the impact of the new lower u.s. corporate income tax rate. excluding the discrete impacts of the tax act, roic was 14.0 percent for the trailing twelve months ended february 3, 2018.
(f)   included in other assets and liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial position.
(g)   average based on the invested capital at the end of the current period and the invested capital at the end of the comparable prior period.
capitalized operating lease obligations and operating lease interest are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, gaap. the most comparable gaap measure is total rent expense. capitalized operating lease obligations and operating lease interest should not be considered in isolation or as a substitution for analysis of our results as reported under gaap.
reconciliation of capitalized operating leases                                                                                   trailing twelve months
capitalized operating lease obligations (total rent expense x 8)                         1,339                     1,187             1,457
operating lease interest (capitalized operating lease obligations x 6%)       80                                      71             n/a our calculation of after-tax roic will change when we adopt asu no. 2016-02, leases in the first quarter of 2018, primarily resulting from replacing calculated operating lease obligations with gaap operating lease obligations and an interest adjustment specific to the lease portfolio. we expect these changes to result in an roic decrease of approximately 0.2-0.5 percentage points for all periods presented. refer to note 22 to the financial statements for additional information.
analysis of financial condition liquidity and capital resources our period-end cash and cash equivalents balance increased to $2,643 million from $2,512 million in 2016. as of february 3, 2018, $808 million of cash and cash equivalents were held at entities located outside the united states. there are no substantial taxes or restrictions to repatriate these holdings for domestic use. our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments. this policy allows investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments that mature in 60 days or less. we also place dollar limits on our investments in individual funds or instruments.
capital allocation we follow a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation based on the following priorities, ranked in order of importance: first, we fully invest in opportunities to profitably grow our business, create sustainable long-term value, and maintain our current operations and assets; second, we maintain a competitive quarterly dividend and seek to grow it annually; and finally, we return any excess cash to shareholders by repurchasing shares within the limits of our credit rating goals.
operating cash flows operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $6,849 million in 2017 compared with $5,329 million in 2016. the operating cash flow increase is due to increased payables leverage primarily driven by changes in vendor payment terms in 2017, partially offset by an inventory increase in 2017 compared to a decrease during 2016. the operating cash flow increase is also partially due to the payment of approximately $500 million of taxes during 2016 related to the pharmacy transaction.
inventory year-end inventory was $8,657 million, compared with $8,309 million in 2016. we increased inventory in 2017 to support higher sales.
capital expenditures
(a) in addition to these cash investments, we entered into leases related to new stores in 2017, 2016, and 2015 with total future minimum lease payments of $438 million, $550 million, and $338 million, respectively.
capital expenditures increased in 2017 from the prior year primarily due to increased investments in existing stores as we accelerated our current store remodel program. this investment acceleration follows an increase in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to increased remodels and guest experience enhancements. in 2016, these increases were partially offset by capital expenditure reductions driven by efficiency gains in technology.
we expect capital expenditures in 2018 to increase to approximately $3.5 billion as we accelerate the rate of store remodels, continue our current rate of small-format store openings, and continue to make supply chain investments. we also expect to continue our current rate of investment in store leases.
dividends we paid dividends totaling $1,338 million ($2.44 per share) in 2017 and $1,348 million ($2.32 per share) in 2016, a per share increase of 5.2 percent. we declared dividends totaling $1,356 million ($2.46 per share) in 2017, a per share increase of 4.2 percent over 2016. we declared dividends totaling $1,359 million ($2.36 per share) in 2016, a per share increase of 7.3 percent over 2015. we have paid dividends every quarter since our 1967 initial public offering, and it is our intent to continue to do so in the future.
share repurchases during 2017, 2016, and 2015 we returned $1,026 million, $3,686 million, and $3,441 million, respectively, to shareholders through share repurchase. see part ii, item 5 of this annual report on form 10-k and note 25 to the financial statements for more information.
financing our financing strategy is to ensure liquidity and access to capital markets, to maintain a balanced spectrum of debt maturities, and to manage our net exposure to floating interest rate volatility. within these parameters, we seek to minimize our borrowing costs. our ability to access the long-term debt and commercial paper markets has provided us with ample sources of liquidity. our continued access to these markets depends on multiple factors, including the condition of debt capital markets, our operating performance, and maintaining strong credit ratings. as of february 3, 2018, our credit ratings were as follows:
credit ratings     moody's   standard and poor's   fitch long-term debt     a2        a                     a-
if our credit ratings were lowered, our ability to access the debt markets, our cost of funds, and other terms for new debt issuances could be adversely impacted. each of the credit rating agencies reviews its rating periodically and there is no guarantee our current credit ratings will remain the same as described above.
in 2017, we transitioned to longer payment terms with many of our suppliers. because of these changes, we expect less variability in our working capital needs throughout the year as we continue to better match payables to inventory levels. in 2017, we funded our holiday sales period working capital needs through internally generated funds. in 2016, we funded our peak holiday sales period working capital needs through internally generated funds and the issuance of commercial paper.
we have additional liquidity through a committed $2.5 billion revolving credit facility obtained through a group of banks in october 2016. in october 2017, we extended this credit facility by one year to expire in october 2022. this unsecured revolving credit facility replaced a $2.25 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was scheduled to expire in october 2018. no balances were outstanding under either credit facility at any time during 2017, 2016, or 2015.
most of our long-term debt obligations contain covenants related to secured debt levels. in addition to a secured debt level covenant, our credit facility also contains a debt leverage covenant. we are, and expect to remain, in compliance with these covenants. additionally, at february 3, 2018, no notes or debentures contained provisions requiring acceleration of payment upon a credit rating downgrade, except that certain outstanding notes allow the note holders to put the notes to us if within a matter of months of each other we experience both (i) a change in control and (ii) our long-term credit ratings are either reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade, or our long-term credit ratings are placed on watch for possible reduction and those ratings are subsequently reduced and the resulting rating is non-investment grade.
note 20 of the financial statements provides more information about financing activities.
we believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. we continue to anticipate ample access to commercial paper and long-term financing.
commitments and contingencies contractual obligations as of                                                                           payments due by period february 3, 2018                                                 less than             1-3             3-5       after 5
capital lease obligations (b)                      2,001                92             193             192       1,524
real estate liabilities (d)                          114               114               -               -       -
(b)   these payments also include $244 million and $386 million of legally binding minimum lease payments for stores that are expected to open in 2018 or later for capital and operating leases, respectively. see note 22 of the financial statements for further information.
(d)   real estate liabilities include costs incurred but not paid related to the construction or remodeling of real estate and facilities.
(f)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm minimum commitments for inventory purchases, merchandise royalties, equipment purchases, marketing-related contracts, software acquisition/license commitments, and service contracts. we issue inventory purchase orders in the normal course of business, which represent authorizations to purchase that are cancelable by their terms. we do not consider purchase orders to be firm inventory commitments; therefore, they are excluded from the table above. if we choose to cancel a purchase order, we may be obligated to reimburse the vendor for unrecoverable outlays incurred prior to cancellation. we also issue trade letters of credit in the ordinary course of business, which are excluded from this table as these obligations are conditioned on terms of the letter of credit being met.
(g)   real estate obligations include commitments for the purchase, construction, or remodeling of real estate and facilities.
(h)   we have not included obligations under our pension plans in the contractual obligations table above because no additional amounts are required to be funded as of february 3, 2018. our historical practice regarding these plans has been to contribute amounts necessary to satisfy minimum pension funding requirements, plus periodic discretionary amounts determined to be appropriate.
off balance sheet arrangements:    other than the unrecorded contractual obligations noted above, we do not have any arrangements or relationships with entities that are not consolidated into the financial statements.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires us to make estimates and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts. in the notes to consolidated financial statements, we describe the significant accounting policies used in preparing the consolidated financial statements. our management has discussed the development, selection, and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the audit & finance committee of our board of directors. the following items require significant estimation or judgment:
inventory and cost of sales:    our inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market. we reduce inventory for estimated losses related to shrink and markdowns. our shrink estimate is based on historical losses verified by physical inventory counts. historically, our actual physical inventory count results have shown our estimates to be reliable. market adjustments for markdowns are recorded when the salability of the merchandise has diminished. we believe the risk of inventory obsolescence is largely mitigated because our inventory typically turns in less than three months. inventory was $8,657 million and $8,309 million at february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, respectively, and is further described in note 12 of the financial statements.
we establish a receivable for vendor income that is earned but not yet received. based on the agreements in place, this receivable is computed by estimating when we have completed our performance and when the amount is earned. the majority of the year-end vendor income receivables are collected within the following fiscal quarter, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that the assumptions used in our estimate will change significantly. historically, adjustments to our vendor income receivable have not been material. vendor income receivable was $416 million and $385 million at february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, respectively. vendor income is described further in note 4 of the financial statements.
long-lived assets:    long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. the evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. an impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and/or disposition of the assets are less than their carrying amount. measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent opinions of value, as appropriate. we recorded impairments of $91 million, $43 million, and $54 million in 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively, which are described further in note 14 of the financial statements.
goodwill: we perform an impairment test of goodwill at least annually, and more frequently if events or circumstances occur that would indicate a reduced fair value in our reporting unit could exist. typically, we perform a qualitative assessment in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year to determine if it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the fair value of the goodwill. during our qualitative assessment we make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including, but not limited to, the macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, including product and sg&a costs, overall financial performance of the company, changes in our share price, and relevant company-specific events. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the fair value of the goodwill, we perform the first step of the impairment process, which compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount, including the goodwill. we have not been required to perform a quantitative analysis of goodwill in 2017 or 2016. we recorded a $12 million impairment of goodwill in 2015 related to the wind down of noncore operations.
insurance/self-insurance:    we retain a substantial portion of the risk related to certain general liability, workers' compensation, property loss, and team member medical and dental claims. however, we maintain stop-loss coverage to limit the exposure related to certain risks. liabilities associated with these losses include estimates of both claims filed and losses incurred but not yet reported. we use actuarial methods which consider a number of factors to estimate our ultimate cost of losses. general liability and workers' compensation liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value; other liabilities referred to above are not discounted. our workers' compensation and general liability accrual was $419 million and $447 million at february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, respectively. we believe that the amounts accrued are appropriate; however, our liabilities could be significantly affected if future occurrences or loss developments differ from our assumptions. for example, a five percent increase or decrease in average claim costs would impact our self-insurance expense by $21 million in 2017. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material. refer to item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, for further disclosure of the market risks associated with these exposures. we maintain insurance coverage to limit our exposure to certain events, including network security matters.
income taxes:    we pay income taxes based on the tax statutes, regulations, and case law of the various jurisdictions in which we operate. significant judgment is required in determining the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items, and in evaluating the ultimate resolution of tax matters in dispute with tax authorities.
we recognized the income tax effects of the tax act in our 2017 financial statements in accordance with staff accounting bulletin no. 118, which provides sec staff guidance for the application of asc topic 740, income taxes, in the reporting period in which the president signed the tax act into law. note 23 of the financial statements provides additional information.
the benefits of uncertain tax positions are recorded in our financial statements only after determining it is likely the uncertain tax positions would withstand challenge by taxing authorities. we periodically reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. liabilities for uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, were $363 million and $222 million at february 3, 2018 and january 28, 2017, respectively,
pension accounting:    we maintain a funded qualified, defined benefit pension plan, as well as several smaller and unfunded nonqualified plans for certain current and retired team members. the costs for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using the assumptions described in the following paragraphs. eligibility and the level of benefits varies depending on team members' full-time or part-time status, date of hire, age, and/or length of service. the benefit obligation and related expense for these plans are determined based on actuarial calculations using assumptions about the expected long-term rate of return, the discount rate, and compensation growth rates. the assumptions, with adjustments made for any significant plan or participant changes, are used to determine the period-end benefit obligation and establish expense for the next year.
our 2017 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.55 percent is determined by the portfolio composition, historical long-term investment performance, and current market conditions. a one percentage point decrease in our expected long-term rate of return would increase annual expense by $38 million.
the discount rate used to determine benefit obligations is adjusted annually based on the interest rate for long-term high-quality corporate bonds, using yields for maturities that are in line with the duration of our pension liabilities. our benefit obligation and related expense will fluctuate with changes in interest rates. a 0.5 percentage point decrease to the weighted average discount rate would increase annual expense by $31 million.
based on our experience, we use a graduated compensation growth schedule that assumes higher compensation growth for younger, shorter-service pension-eligible team members than it does for older, longer-service pension-eligible team members.
pension benefits are further described in note 28 of the financial statements.
legal and other contingencies:    we believe the accruals recorded in our consolidated financial statements properly reflect loss exposures that are both probable and reasonably estimable. we do not believe any of the currently identified claims or litigation may materially affect our results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. however, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. if an unfavorable ruling were to occur, it may cause a material adverse impact on the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition for the period in which the ruling occurs, or future periods. refer to note 19 of the financial statements for further information on contingencies.
forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements, which are based on our current assumptions and expectations. these statements are typically accompanied by the words "expect," "may," "could," "believe," "would," "might," "anticipates," or words of similar import. the principal forward-looking statements in this report include: our financial performance, statements regarding the adequacy of and costs associated with our sources of liquidity, the expected impact of the pharmacy transaction on our financial performance, the continued execution of our share repurchase program, our expected capital expenditures and new lease commitments, the impact of changes in the expected effective income tax rate on net income, including those resulting from the tax act, the impact of certain tax act provisions on our cash flows, the expected compliance with debt covenants, the expected impact and timing of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our intentions regarding future dividends, contributions and payments related to our pension plan, the expected returns on pension plan assets, the expected timing and recognition of compensation expenses, the effects of macroeconomic conditions, the adequacy of our reserves for general liability, workers' compensation and property loss, the expected outcome of, and adequacy of our reserves for investigations, inquiries, claims and litigation, expected changes to our contractual obligations and liabilities, the expected ability to recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities and the timing of such recognition, the resolution of tax matters, and changes in our assumptions and expectations.
all such forward-looking statements are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, as amended. although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, our actual results could be materially different. the most important factors which could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements are set forth on our description of risk factors in item 1a to this form 10-k, which should be read in conjunction with the forward-looking statements in this report. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement.