item 1a.    risk factors our business faces many risks. those risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below.  if any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.  these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this form 10-k.
general economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance.
our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. a weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, uncertainty or changes in business or political conditions, higher interest rates, higher tax rates, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. a general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
our success depends in part on the value and strength of the tractor supply name. the tractor supply name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. failure to comply or accusation of failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, data privacy, and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.
we experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months.  various factors affect comparable store sales, including the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, proximity of our locations to one another or to the locations of other retailers, increased presence of online retailers, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs and weather conditions.  these factors may cause our comparable store sales results to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations.  past comparable store sales are not an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future.
purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance.
although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both.  we are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton and other commodities as well as diesel fuel and transportation services.  therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin.  our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality.  should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility not be effective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted.
weather conditions may have a significant impact on our financial results.
weather conditions affect the demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices.  historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. in addition, extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain and
index droughts, have impacted operating results. while extreme weather conditions can positively impact our operating results by increasing demand in affected locations for products needed to cope with the weather condition and its effects, they can also negatively affect our business depending on the severity and length of these conditions as a result of store closings or the inability of customers to shop at our stores due to weather conditions. our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our merchandising and marketing initiatives may not provide expected results.
we believe our past performance has been based on, and future success will depend upon, in part, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs.  these merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. if we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory price reductions that have a material adverse effect on our profitability. failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse impact on operating results and financial condition.
capital required for growth may not be available.
the construction or acquisition of new stores, store support center facilities, distribution facilities or other facilities, the remodeling and renovation of existing facilities and investments in information technology require significant amounts of capital. in the past, our growth has been funded through internally generated cash flow and bank borrowings.  disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect the ability of the banks to meet their commitments.  our access to funds under our debt facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facility to meet their funding commitments.  those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time.  in addition, tight lending practices may make it difficult for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions.  unfavorable lending practices could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations.
longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business.  any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.  such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends or other discretionary uses of cash.
failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance.
an integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. this expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers for such sites.  if we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired significantly. to the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded.
as we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability or cash flow. our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand and build market awareness in different geographic areas. there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable.
although we have a rigorous real estate site selection and approval process, there can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the company. new stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our more mature stores. as we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs.
index our failure to attract and retain qualified team members, increases in wage and labor costs and changes in laws and other labor issues could adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members.  our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs, changes in employment legislation and the potential for changes in local labor practices or union activities.  if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we are subject to federal, state, and local laws governing employment practices and working conditions. these laws cover wage and hour practices, labor relations, paid and family leave, workplace safety and immigration, among others.  the laws and regulations being passed at the state and local level create unique challenges for a multi-state employer.  we must continue to monitor and adapt our employment practices to comply with these various laws and regulations.  if our costs of labor or related costs increase significantly as new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business.
we may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business. the success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration and other factors relating to the target business. acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. we may not be able to successfully integrate an organization that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. if we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet our expectations and, therefore, adversely affect our financial performance.
competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations.
we operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. these competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, specialty and discount retailers, independently owned retail farm and ranch stores, numerous privately-held regional farm store chains and farm cooperatives, as well as internet-based retailers. we compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. this competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance.
we face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced.
the products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors.  we have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs.  our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors. we rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no long-term contracts with such suppliers.  our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones.  this reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution.  our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market's needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
while the company selects these third-party vendors carefully, it does not control their actions. any problems caused by these third parties, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in communication services provided by a vendor, failure of a vendor to handle current or higher volumes, and cyber attacks or security breaches at a vendor could adversely affect the company's ability to deliver products and services to its customers and otherwise conduct its business.
we rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell.  in addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources.  as an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business internationally, such as domestic and foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products.  if any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional
index u.s. quotas, duties, taxes or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the current political landscape in the u.s. has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and regulations affecting trade between the u.s. and other countries. we source a portion of our merchandise from manufacturers located outside the u.s., primarily in asia and central america. major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity.
a significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution facilities from vendors and then from the distribution facilities or direct ship vendors to our stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail and truck. any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store operations negatively. for example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate product for sale, or products at a desired price, resulting in lower sales and profitability. in addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. also, a fire, tornado, or other disaster at one of our distribution facilities could disrupt our timely receiving, processing and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business.
the implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new facilities and expand existing facilities to support our growth objectives. delays in opening new or expanded distribution facilities could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. the completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. we cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets.
we continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores and distribution facilities in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether.
we are subject to personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination and other claims in the ordinary course of business.
our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability, discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination and other claims in the ordinary course of business.  product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties and damage to our reputation. we maintain general liability and workers' compensation insurance with a self-insured retention for each policy type and a deductible for each occurrence.  we also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage.  in many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance as well as the property owners of our leased buildings.  our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim.  no assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers' or landlords' indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us.
additionally, we are subject to u.s. federal, state and local employment laws that expose us to potential liability if we are determined to have violated such employment laws, including but not limited to, laws pertaining to minimum wage rates, overtime pay,
index discrimination, harassment, and wrongful termination. compliance with these laws, including the remediation of any alleged violation, may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results.
the company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. an internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, employees and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, employees and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
we receive certain personal and other confidential information about our customers, employees and vendors. we also rely on business partners to provide services to us that may include important business information or data about our customers, employees and vendors. in addition, our online operations at tractorsupply.com and petsense.com depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. while we maintain substantial security measures to help protect and prevent unauthorized access to such information, it is possible that unauthorized parties (through cybersecurity attacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, or by other means) might compromise our security measures and obtain and misuse the personal information of customers, employees and vendors that we hold or other confidential company data. it is possible that such a compromise could go undetected by us. such an occurrence could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, employees, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the breach and could result in a disruption of our operations.
in addition, states and the federal government are increasingly enacting laws and regulations relating to data breaches and theft of employee and customer data.  these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations or to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business.
our business and operations could suffer material losses in the event of system interruptions or failures.
our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the operation and administration of our business. these systems are vulnerable to damages from any number of sources, including, but not limited to, human error, cybersecurity attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, fire, flood, power outages, telecommunication failures, facility or equipment damage, natural disasters, terrorism, and war.  in addition, we continually make investments in technology to implement new processes and systems as well as to maintain and update our existing processes and systems. implementing process and system changes increases the risk of disruption. if our information technology systems are interrupted or fail and our redundant systems or recovery plans are not adequate to address such interruptions or failures on a timely basis, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially adversely affected. additionally, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses.
as customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
through our continued information technology enhancements, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and an omni-channel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile communication devices. we use our website both as a sales channel for our products and also as a method of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. omni-channel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
index if we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our strategic business initiatives may not be successful.
we depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business.  we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. we could be materially adversely affected if we experienced a disruption or data loss relating to our management information systems and are unable to recover timely. we could also be adversely impacted if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain and expand our management information systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth.
the success of our strategic business initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin is dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them.   extended delays or cost overruns in securing, developing and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the strategic business initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives.
although our board of directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of up to $3 billion through december 2020, we may discontinue this program at any time or significantly reduce repurchases under the program.
the market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value.
the price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts' or investors' expectations, the condition of the financial markets and other factors. the company's stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. that multiple is in part dependent on investors' perception of the company's future earnings growth prospects. if investor perceptions of the company's earnings growth prospects change, the company's earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. these fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and governmental regulations including those relating to environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security and employment law matters. if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributors, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.
we are also subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. failure to comply with the fcpa and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
potential noncompliance with environmental regulations could materially impact our results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to various federal, state and local laws, regulations and other requirements pertaining to protection of the environment and public health, including, for example, regulations governing the management of waste materials and waste waters.  governmental agencies on the federal, state and local levels have, in recent years, increasingly focused on the retail sector's compliance with such laws and regulations, and have at times pursued enforcement activities.  we periodically receive information requests and notices of potential noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations from governmental agencies, which are addressed on a case-by-case basis with the relevant agency. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
index effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by legislative tax reform, changes in statutory rates or changes in tax laws, or interpretations thereof. additionally, our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates or by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the internal revenue service ("irs"), as well as state and local taxing authorities. like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment.  these circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the irs and other state and local taxing authorities.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources during the three-year period ended december 30, 2017 (our fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015). this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report.
tractor supply reports its financial results in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). tractor supply also uses certain non-gaap measures that fall within the meaning of securities and exchange commission regulation g and regulation s-k item 10(e), which may provide users of the financial information with additional meaningful comparison to prior reported results. non-gaap measures do not have standardized definitions and are not defined by u.s. gaap. therefore, tractor supply's non-gaap measures are unlikely to be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. the presentation of these non-gaap measures should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or as superior to the financial information presented in accordance with u.s. gaap.
overview founded in 1938, tractor supply company is the largest operator of rural lifestyle retail stores in the united states ("u.s."). the company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers and ranchers and others who enjoy the rural lifestyle (which we refer to as the "out here" lifestyle), as well as tradesmen and small businesses. as of december 30, 2017, we operated 1,853 retail stores in 49 states under the names tractor supply company, del's feed & farm supply and petsense. we also operate websites under the names tractorsupply.com and petsense.com. our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities, and they offer the following comprehensive selection of merchandise:
•   equine, livestock, pet and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth and containment;
•   seasonal products, including heating, lawn and garden items, power equipment, gifts and toys;
•   work/recreational clothing and footwear; and
•   maintenance products for agricultural and rural use.
tractor supply believes we can grow our business by being the most dependable supplier of relevant products and services for the "out here" lifestyle, creating customer loyalty through personalized experiences and providing convenience that our customers expect at anytime, anywhere, and in any way they choose.  our long-term growth strategy is to: (1) drive profitable growth through new store openings and by expanding omni-channel capabilities, thus tying together our website product content, social media, digital and online shopping experience, attracting new customers and driving loyalty, (2) build customer-centric engagement by leveraging analytics to deliver legendary customer service, seasoned advice and personalized experiences, (3) offer relevant assortments and services across all channels through exclusive and national brands and continue to introduce new products through our test and learn strategy, (4) enhance our core and foundational capabilities by investing in infrastructure and process improvements which will support growth, scale and agility while improving the customer experience, and (5) expand through selective acquisitions, as such opportunities arise, to add complementary businesses and to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to supplement organic growth.
achieving this strategy will require a foundational focus on: (1) organizing, optimizing and empowering our team members for growth by developing skills, talent and leadership across the organization, and (2) implementing operational efficiency initiatives to align our cost structure to support new business capabilities for margin improvement and cost reductions.
over the past five years, we have experienced considerable growth in stores, growing from 1,176 stores at the end of 2012 to 1,853 stores (1,685 tractor supply and del's retail stores and 168 petsense retail stores) at the end of fiscal 2017, and in sales, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 9.2%. given the size of the communities that we target, we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in existing and new markets. we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites and have identified approximately 800 additional opportunities for new tractor supply stores. we also believe that there is opportunity for up to 1,000 petsense stores.
executive summary in 2017, we opened 101 new tractor supply stores in 39 states and 25 new petsense stores in 11 states. in 2016, we opened 113 new tractor supply stores and began operating 143 petsense stores. this resulted in a selling square footage increase of approximately 6.3% in fiscal 2017 and approximately 10.8% in fiscal 2016.
index net sales increased 7.0% to $7.26 billion in fiscal 2017 (52 weeks) from $6.78 billion in fiscal 2016 (53 weeks). comparable store sales increased 2.7% in fiscal 2017 versus a 1.6% increase in fiscal 2016. gross profit increased 7.2% to $2.49 billion in fiscal 2017 from $2.33 billion in fiscal 2016, and gross margin remained flat to prior year at 34.3% as a percentage of net sales. operating income decreased 80 basis points to 9.4% of net sales in fiscal 2017 from 10.2% of net sales in fiscal 2016. for fiscal 2017, net income was $422.6 million, or $3.30 per diluted share, compared to $437.1 million, or $3.27 per diluted share, in fiscal 2016. excluding the impact of the revaluation of the company's net deferred tax asset resulting in a one-time, non-cash charge of approximately $4.9 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, adjusted net income for fiscal 2017 was $427.5 million, or $3.33 per diluted share.
we ended the year with $109.1 million in cash and outstanding debt of $426.1 million, after returning $503.2 million to our stockholders through stock repurchases and quarterly cash dividends.
significant accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make informed estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  our financial position and/or results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of such policies.  in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.  the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of complex estimates.
inventory impairment we identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventory by evaluating turn rates, historical and expected future sales trends, age of merchandise, overall inventory levels, current cost of inventory and other benchmarks. we have established an inventory valuation reserve to recognize the estimated impairment in value (i.e., an inability to realize the full carrying value) based on our aggregate assessment of these valuation indicators under prevailing market conditions and current merchandising strategies.   we do not believe our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term. however, changes in market conditions or consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves. our impairment reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding forecasted customer demand and the promotional environment.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize inventory impairment reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate impairment. however, if assumptions regarding consumer demand or clearance potential for certain products are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our impairment reserve as of december 30, 2017, would have affected net income by approximately $0.5 million in fiscal 2017.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           effect if actual results differ from assumptions shrinkage we perform physical inventories at least once a year for each store that has been open more than 12 months, and we have established a reserve for estimating inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts. the reserve is established by assessing the chain-wide average shrinkage experience rate, applied to the related periods' sales volumes. such assessments are updated on a regular basis for the most recent individual store experiences.                                                                                                                                            the estimated store inventory shrink rate is based on historical experience. we believe historical rates are a reasonably accurate reflection of future trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize shrinkage in the financial periods presented.
our shrinkage reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding future shrinkage trends, the effect of loss prevention measures and new merchandising strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                        we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our shrinkage reserve. however, if our estimates regarding inventory losses are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
a 10% change in our shrinkage reserve as of december 30, 2017, would have affected net income by approximately $1.7 million in fiscal 2017.
vendor funding we receive funding from substantially all of our significant merchandise vendors, in support of our business initiatives, through a variety of programs and arrangements, including vendor support funds ("vendor support") and volume-based rebate funds ("volume rebates"). the amounts received are subject to terms of vendor agreements, most of which are "evergreen", reflecting the on-going relationship with our significant merchandise vendors. certain of our agreements, primarily volume rebates, are renegotiated annually, based on expected annual purchases of the vendor's product.   the estimated purchase volume (and related vendor funding) is based on our current knowledge of inventory levels, sales trends and expected customer demand, as well as planned new store openings and relocations. although we believe we can reasonably estimate purchase volume and related volume rebates at interim periods, it is possible that actual year-end results could be different from previously estimated amounts.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our vendor funding reserves in the financial periods presented.
vendor funding is initially deferred as a reduction of the purchase price of inventory, and then recognized as a reduction of cost of merchandise as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       our allocation methodology contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding customer demand, purchasing activity, target thresholds, vendor attrition and collectability.                                                                                                                                                                                       at the end of each fiscal year, a significant portion of the actual purchase activity is known. thus, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the amounts recorded as vendor funding.
during interim periods, the amount of vendor support and volume rebates is estimated based upon initial commitments and anticipated purchase levels with applicable vendors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    we do not believe there is a significant collectability risk related to vendor funding amounts due to us at the end of fiscal 2017.
if a 10% reserve had been applied against our outstanding vendor funding due as of december 30, 2017, net income would have been affected by approximately $1.4 million in fiscal 2017.
although it is unlikely that there will be any significant reduction in historical levels of vendor funding, if such a reduction were to occur in future periods, the company could experience a higher inventory balance and higher cost of sales.
freight we incur various types of transportation and delivery costs in connection with inventory purchases and distribution. such costs are included as a component of the overall cost of inventories (on an aggregate basis) and recognized as a component of cost of merchandise sold as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        we allocate freight as a component of total cost of sales without regard to inventory mix or unique freight burden of certain categories. this assumption has been consistently applied for all years presented.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our capitalized freight balance or freight allocation in the financial periods presented.
if a 10% increase or decrease had been applied against our current inventory capitalized freight balance as of december 30, 2017, net income would have been affected by approximately $7.8 million in fiscal 2017.
we self-insure a significant portion of our employee medical insurance, workers' compensation insurance and general liability (including product liability) insurance plans. we have stop-loss insurance policies to protect from individual losses over specified dollar values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           the full extent of certain claims, especially workers' compensation and general liability claims, may not become fully determined for several years.                                                                                                                                                                                       we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves in the financial periods presented.
provisions for losses related to our self-insured liabilities are based upon periodic independent actuarially determined estimates that consider a number of factors including historical claims experience, demographic factors and severity factors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date based upon historical data and experience, including actuarial calculations.         we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the assumptions we use to calculate insurance reserves. however, if we experience a significant increase in the number of claims or the cost associated with these claims, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
a 10% change in our self-insurance reserves as of december 30, 2017, would have affected net income by approximately $3.6 million in fiscal 2017.
sales tax audit reserve:
a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers, predominantly agricultural-based. we obtain exemption information as a necessary part of each tax-exempt transaction. many of the states in which we conduct business will perform audits to verify our compliance with applicable sales tax laws. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex tax compliance environment. these circumstances also create some risk that we could be challenged as to the accuracy of our sales tax compliance.   we continually reassess the exposure based on historical audit results, changes in policies, preliminary and final assessments made by state sales tax auditors and additional documentation that may be provided to reduce the assessment.                                                                                                we have not made any material changes to our sales tax audit assessment methodology in the financial periods presented.
when establishing our sales tax audit reserve, we review our past audit experience and assessments with applicable states to continually determine if we have potential exposure for non-compliance. any estimated liability is based on an initial assessment of compliance risk as well as our historical experience with each respective state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          our sales tax audit reserve contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding the complexity of agricultural-based exemptions, the ambiguity in state tax regulations, the number of ongoing audits and the length of time required to settle with the state taxing authorities.   we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate the sales tax liability reserve. however, if our estimates regarding the ultimate sales tax liability are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
a 10% change in our sales tax audit reserve as of december 30, 2017, would have affected net income by approximately $0.9 million in fiscal 2017.
our income tax returns are periodically audited by u.s. federal and state tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. at any time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various tax authorities. in evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we record a liability for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a reserve, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. we adjust our tax contingencies reserve and income tax provision in the period in which actual results of a settlement with tax authorities differs from our established reserve, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant tax authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available.   our tax contingencies reserve contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions and whether or not the minimum requirements for recognition of tax benefits have been met.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our tax contingencies in the financial periods presented.
the effective income tax rate is also affected by changes in tax law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures, the level of earnings and the results of tax audits.                                                                                                               we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the reserves established for tax benefits not recognized.
although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
to the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash and would result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
a 10% change in our uncertain tax position reserve as of december 30, 2017, would have affected net income by approximately $0.1 million in fiscal 2017.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                             effect if actual results differ from assumptions impairment of long-lived assets:
long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values.   we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented.
when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges). the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the significant assumptions used to determine estimated undiscounted cash flows include cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations and other costs to operate a store.                                                                                                                                                                                           we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. none of these estimates and assumptions are significantly sensitive, and a 10% change in any of these estimates would not have a material impact on our analysis. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value, which may be based on an estimated future cash flow model. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining estimated useful life of that asset.
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          effect if actual results differ from assumptions impairment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets:
goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            our impairment loss calculation contains uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to qualitative factors as well as estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting prospective financial information and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows.   the valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to non-cash impairment losses that could be material.
in accordance with the accounting standards, an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that goodwill or an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. if after such assessment an entity concludes that the asset is not impaired, then the entity is not required to take further action. however, if an entity concludes otherwise, then it is required to determine the fair value of the asset using a quantitative impairment test, and if impaired, the associated assets must be written down to fair value.
the quantitative impairment test for goodwill compares the fair value of a reporting unit with the carrying value of its net assets, including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of the reporting unit, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations, for the amount, if any, in which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. we determine fair values for each reporting unit using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
the quantitative impairment test for other indefinite-lived intangible assets involves comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the sum of the discounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the implied fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge would be recorded to the company's operations.
index quarterly financial data our unaudited quarterly operating results for each fiscal quarter of 2017 and 2016 are shown below (in thousands, except per share amounts):
gross profit                                           518,203                   704,708                   600,456                   668,598                  2,491,965
gross profit                                               494,444               649,222               535,274                   646,262                 2,325,202
(a) comparable store metrics are calculated using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. closed stores are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the periods being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations. acquired petsense stores are considered comparable stores beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.
(b) beginning in the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2016, selected financial and operating information includes the consolidation of petsense, unless otherwise noted.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales.
income before income taxes                           9.2          10.1          10.4
income tax provision                                 3.4           3.7           3.8
(a) our gross margin amounts may not be comparable to those of other retailers since some retailers include all of the costs related to their distribution network in cost of merchandise sold and others (like our company) exclude a portion of these distribution network costs from gross margin and instead include them in selling, general and administrative expenses; refer to note 1 - significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
net sales increased 7.0% to $7.26 billion in fiscal 2017 from $6.78 billion in fiscal 2016. the prior year included an extra sales week as a part of the company's 53-week calendar in 2016, which negatively impacted the overall sales increase by approximately 1.6 percentage points. comparable store sales for fiscal 2017 were $6.85 billion, a 2.7% increase over fiscal 2016. this compares to a 1.6% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store transaction count increased 2.2% and comparable store average ticket increased 0.5% for fiscal 2017.
comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during the year are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations. acquired petsense stores are considered comparable beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017.
the comparable store sales increase was driven by an increase in traffic counts and the year-round strength of consumable, usable and edible ("c.u.e.") products, primarily animal- and pet-related merchandise. warmer than normal weather patterns early in the first quarter negatively impacted the sales of winter seasonal items and winter storms in march had an unfavorable impact on the start to the spring selling season. beginning in the second quarter, we experienced broad-based improvement through the remainder of the year in all geographic regions and major product categories driven by strength in sales of everyday basic items in c.u.e. and year-round products. the third quarter experienced an additional benefit from an extended spring and summer selling season and strong sales of emergency response products related to hurricanes during the quarter while the fourth quarter experienced an additional benefit from solid sales in cold weather and other seasonal products.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2017, sales from stores opened less than one year, including petsense, were $405.0 million in fiscal 2017, which represented 6.0 percentage points of the 7.0% increase over fiscal 2016 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year, including petsense, were $378.9 million in fiscal 2016, which represented 6.1 percentage points of the 8.9% increase over fiscal 2015 net sales.
tractor supply                           2017            2016
gross profit increased 7.2% to $2.49 billion in fiscal 2017 compared to $2.33 billion in fiscal 2016.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin remained flat to prior year at 34.3%.  gross margin percentage was negatively impacted by higher markdowns on cold weather merchandise and targeted promotional activity in the first quarter, as well as a higher freight expense throughout the year due to higher carrier costs, increased average fuel costs and a shift in product mix towards more freight intensive products. these declines in gross margin were offset by strong sell-through rates and solid price and inventory management, particularly in the back half of the year.
total selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses, including depreciation and amortization, for fiscal 2017 increased 10.7% to $1.81 billion from $1.63 billion in fiscal 2016.  sg&a expenses, as a percent of net sales, increased 80 basis points to 24.9% in fiscal 2017 from 24.1% in fiscal 2016.  the increase in sg&a as a percent of net sales was primarily attributable to higher store payroll from wage inflation and our continued effort to enhance customer service, increased incentive compensation at the store level from the strong year-over-year growth in comparable store sales, the deleverage of occupancy and other fixed costs resulting from the integration of petsense expenses and the 53rd week of sales in fiscal 2016 that did not reoccur in fiscal 2017, and investments in infrastructure and technology to support our strategic long-term growth initiatives.
our effective tax rate increased to 37.2% for fiscal 2017 compared to 36.5% in fiscal 2016. on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cut and jobs act (the "act"). the act makes broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code including, but not limited to, a reduction of the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017. we have made a reasonable estimate of the effects of the act on our existing deferred tax balances as of december 30, 2017, and recognized a provisional amount of $4.9 million, which is included as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations. however, we are still analyzing certain aspects of the act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of these balances in future periods. excluding the impacts of the act, our effective income tax rate in 2017 would have been 36.4%.
for fiscal 2017, net income was $422.6 million, or $3.30 per diluted share, compared to $437.1 million, or $3.27 per diluted share, in fiscal 2016. excluding the impact of the revaluation of the company's net deferred tax asset resulting in a one-time, non-cash charge of approximately $4.9 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, adjusted net income for fiscal 2017 was $427.5 million, or $3.33 per diluted share. adjusted net income is a non-gaap measure which has been provided in order to enhance comparability for the periods presented.
net sales increased 8.9% to $6.78 billion in fiscal 2016 from $6.23 billion in fiscal 2015. the fourth quarter included an extra sales week as a part of the company's 53-week calendar in 2016, which represented 1.6 percentage points of the overall 8.9% sales increase over prior year. comparable store sales for fiscal 2016 were $6.41 billion, a 1.6% increase over fiscal 2015. this compares to a 3.1% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store transaction count increased 2.6%, while comparable store average ticket decreased 0.9% for fiscal 2016.
comparable store metrics are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales, excluding certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed during the year are removed from our comparable store metrics calculations. stores relocated during the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store metrics. if
index the effect of relocated stores on our comparable store metrics becomes material, we would remove relocated stores from the calculations. petsense stores are not considered comparable stores until 12 months after the date of acquisition.
the comparable store sales increase was driven by an increase in traffic counts and the year-round strength of c.u.e. products, principally animal- and pet-related merchandise. livestock equipment and hardline products such as fencing and trailers also performed well throughout the year. the full year sales performance was negatively impacted by unpredictable weather patterns during the spring selling season and unseasonably warm weather in the key cold months of the year which drove softness in cold weather seasonal categories and big ticket items such as log splitters and stoves. additionally, the company believes that economic conditions in the energy producing markets negatively impacted consumer spending primarily in the midwest and south central regions.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2016, sales from stores opened less than one year, including petsense, were $378.9 million in fiscal 2016, which represented 6.1 percentage points of the 8.9% increase over fiscal 2015 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $351.0 million in fiscal 2015, which represented 6.1 percentage points of the 9.0% increase over fiscal 2014 net sales.
tractor supply                           2016            2015
gross profit increased 8.5% to $2.33 billion in fiscal 2016 compared to $2.14 billion in fiscal 2015.  as a percent of net sales, gross margin decreased 10 basis points to 34.3% for fiscal 2016 compared to 34.4% for fiscal 2015.  this decrease in gross margin percentage principally reflects a higher mix of c.u.e. products, which generally carry below chain average gross margin, partially offset by benefits from our key margin driving initiatives. freight expense as a percent of net sales experienced a marginal increase in fiscal 2016 as compared to the prior year due principally to an increase in inbound miles and domestic transportation costs, partially offset by lower diesel fuel prices and import container costs.
sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, as a percent of net sales increased 10 basis points to 24.1% in fiscal 2016 from 24.0% in fiscal 2015.  sg&a expenses as a percent of net sales increased due to incremental costs associated with our
index new distribution facilities that began operations in late fiscal 2015, as well as acquisition and operating expenses associated with the petsense purchase. these increases were partially offset by leverage of occupancy costs from the 53rd week of sales in fiscal 2016, as well as lower year-over-year incentive compensation expense. total sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, for fiscal 2016 increased 9.3% to $1.63 billion from $1.49 billion in fiscal 2015.  the increase in sg&a expenses primarily reflects new store growth, incremental costs from operating the new distribution facilities, variable costs associated with our comparable store sales growth and the extra sales week during the year and incremental expenses associated with the petsense acquisition and its operations.
our effective tax rate decreased to 36.5% for fiscal 2016 compared to 36.6% in fiscal 2015. the decrease in the effective income tax rate was due principally to the availability of federal and state tax incentives.
as a result of the foregoing factors, net income for fiscal 2016 increased 6.5% to $437.1 million, or $3.27 per diluted share, as compared to net income of $410.4 million, or $3.00 per diluted share, in fiscal 2015.
fiscal 2018 outlook our guidance for fiscal 2018 anticipates net sales of $7.69 billion to $7.77 billion, reflecting a comparable store sales increase of 2.0% to 3.0% as well as the opening of approximately 80 tractor supply stores and 20 petsense stores. at the mid-point of our guidance range, we anticipate that operating profit as a percentage of net sales will decrease from 9.4% in fiscal 2017 to 8.8% in fiscal 2018. included in this estimate are anticipated cost pressures associated with rising diesel fuel prices and transportation costs, wage investments for our team members in our stores and distribution centers, investments to support our growth strategy, and incremental pre-opening and other operating expenses from our new distribution center which is currently under construction in frankfort, new york. lastly, as a result of the act reducing the statutory federal income tax rate from 35% to 21%, our effective tax rate in fiscal 2018 is expected to range from 23.0% to 23.5%. as a result of the foregoing factors, we estimate net income for fiscal 2018 of $490 million to $515 million, or $3.95 to $4.15 per diluted share.
liquidity and capital resources in addition to normal operating expenses, our primary ongoing cash requirements are for new store expansion, remodeling and relocation programs, distribution facility capacity and improvements, information technology, inventory purchases, repayment of existing borrowings under our debt facilities, share repurchases, cash dividends and selective acquisitions as opportunities arise.
our primary ongoing sources of liquidity are existing cash balances, cash provided from operations, remaining funds available under our debt facilities, capital and operating leases and normal trade credit.  our inventory and accounts payable levels typically build in the first and third fiscal quarters to support the higher sales volume of the spring and cold-weather selling seasons, respectively.
we believe that our existing cash balances, expected cash flow from future operations, funds available under our debt facilities, operating and capital leases and normal trade credit will be sufficient to fund our operations and our capital expenditure needs, including new store openings, store acquisitions, relocations and renovations and distribution facility capacity, through the end of fiscal 2018.
index working capital at december 30, 2017, the company had working capital of $806.2 million, which increased $65.6 million from december 31, 2016.  the shifts in working capital were attributable to changes in the following components of current assets and current liabilities (in millions):
2017                                                                       2016           variance current assets:
prepaid expenses and other current assets          88.3                90.6              (2.3    )
total current assets                            1,655.4             1,517.8             137.6
current liabilities:
current portion of capital lease obligation         3.5                 1.3               2.2
total current liabilities                         849.2               777.2              72.0
working capital                                  $806.2              $740.6             $65.6
in comparison to december 31, 2016, working capital as of december 30, 2017 was impacted most significantly by changes in our cash, inventory and accounts payable.
•   the increase in inventory resulted from the purchase of additional inventory to support new store growth. we actively manage our inventory balances and in-stock levels at our stores. average inventory per store decreased slightly year-over-year principally due to an improvement in inventory turns of seasonal and cold-weather merchandise at the end of fiscal 2017 as compared to fiscal 2016.
•   accounts payable increased primarily as a result of new store growth along with timing of payments to vendors.
senior credit facility:
revolving credit loans                                  -                     85.0
less: unamortized debt issuance costs                (1.4      )              (1.1      )
outstanding letters of credit                       $39.6                    $44.3
index senior notes on august 14, 2017, the company entered into a note purchase and private shelf agreement (the "note purchase agreement"), pursuant to which the company agreed to sell $150 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due august 14, 2029 (the "2029 notes") in a private placement. the 2029 notes bear interest at 3.70% per annum with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on each annual and semi-annual anniversary of the issuance date. the obligations under the note purchase agreement are unsecured, but guaranteed by each of the company's material subsidiaries.
the company may from time to time issue and sell additional senior unsecured notes (the "shelf notes") pursuant to the note purchase agreement, in an aggregate principal amount of up to $150 million. the shelf notes will have a maturity date of no more than 12 years after the date of original issuance and may be issued through august 14, 2020, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms of the note purchase agreement.
pursuant to the note purchase agreement, the 2029 notes and any shelf notes (collectively, the "notes") are redeemable by the company, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at 100% of the principal amount of the notes being redeemed, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon and a make whole amount calculated by discounting all remaining scheduled payments on the notes by the yield on the u.s. treasury security with a maturity equal to the remaining average life of the notes plus 0.50%.
senior credit facility on february 19, 2016, the company entered into a senior credit facility (the "2016 senior credit facility") consisting of a $200 million term loan (the "february 2016 term loan") and a $500 million revolving credit facility (the "revolver") with a sublimit of $50 million for swingline loans. this agreement is unsecured. on february 16, 2018, the maturity date was extended from february 19, 2021 to february 19, 2022.
on june 15, 2017, pursuant to an accordion feature available under the 2016 senior credit facility, the company entered into an incremental term loan agreement (the "june 2017 term loan") which increased the term loan capacity under the 2016 senior credit facility by $100 million. this agreement is unsecured and matures on june 15, 2022.
the february 2016 term loan of $200 million requires quarterly payments totaling $10 million per year in years one and two and $20 million per year in years three through the maturity date, with the remaining balance due in full on the maturity date of february 19, 2022. the june 2017 term loan of $100 million requires quarterly payments totaling $5 million per year in years one and two and $10 million per year in years three through the maturity date, with the remaining balance due in full on the maturity date of june 15, 2022. the 2016 senior credit facility also contains a $500 million revolving credit facility (with a sublimit of $50 million for swingline loans).
borrowings under the february 2016 term loan and revolver bear interest at either the bank's base rate (4.500% at december 30, 2017) or the london inter-bank offer rate ("libor") (1.564% at december 30, 2017) plus an additional amount ranging from 0.500% to 1.125% per annum (0.750% at december 30, 2017), adjusted quarterly based on our leverage ratio.  the company is also required to pay, quarterly in arrears, a commitment fee for unused capacity ranging from 0.075% to 0.200% per annum (0.125% at december 30, 2017), adjusted quarterly based on the company's leverage ratio. borrowings under the june 2017 term loan bear interest at either the bank's base rate (4.500% at december 30, 2017) or libor (1.564% at december 30, 2017) plus an additional 1.000% per annum. as further described in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the company has entered into interest rate swap agreements in order to hedge our exposure to variable rate interest payments associated with each of the term loans under the 2016 senior credit facility.
proceeds from the 2016 senior credit facility may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases, and other matters. there are no compensating balance requirements associated with the 2016 senior credit facility.
covenants and default provisions of the debt agreements the 2016 senior credit facility and the note purchase agreement (collectively, the "debt agreements") require quarterly compliance with respect to two material covenants: a fixed charge coverage ratio and a leverage ratio.  both ratios are calculated on a trailing twelve-month basis at the end of each fiscal quarter. the fixed charge coverage ratio compares earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation and rent expense ("consolidated ebitdar") to the sum of interest paid and rental expense (excluding any straight-line rent adjustments).  the fixed charge coverage ratio shall be greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. the leverage ratio compares rental expense (excluding any straight-line rent adjustments) multiplied by a factor of six plus total debt to consolidated ebitdar.  the leverage ratio shall be less than
index or equal to 4.00 to 1.0 as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. the debt agreements also contain certain other restrictions regarding additional indebtedness, capital expenditures, business operations, guarantees, investments, mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, transactions with subsidiaries or affiliates, and liens.  as of december 30, 2017, the company was in compliance with all debt covenants.
the debt agreements contain customary events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, material judgments, certain erisa events and invalidity of loan documents. upon certain changes of control, payment under the debt agreements could become due and payable. in addition, under the note purchase agreement, upon an event of default or change of control, the make whole payment described above may become due and payable.
the note purchase agreement also requires that, in the event the company amends its 2016 senior credit facility, or any subsequent credit facility of $100 million or greater, such that it contains covenant or default provisions that are not provided in the note purchase agreement or that are similar to those contained in the note purchase agreement but which contain percentages, amounts, formulas or grace periods that are more restrictive than those set forth in the note purchase agreement or are otherwise more beneficial to the lenders thereunder, the note purchase agreement shall be automatically amended to include such additional or amended covenants and/or default provisions.
interest rate swaps the company entered into an interest rate swap agreement which became effective on march 31, 2016, with a maturity date of february 19, 2021. the notional amount of this swap agreement began at $197.5 million (the principal amount of the february 2016 term loan borrowings as of march 31, 2016) and will amortize at the same time and in the same amount as the february 2016 term loan borrowings as described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements, up to the maturity date of the interest rate swap agreement on february 19, 2021. as of december 30, 2017, the notional amount of the interest rate swap was $180.0 million.
the company entered into a second interest rate swap agreement which became effective on june 30, 2017, with a maturity date of june 15, 2022. the notional amount of this swap agreement began at $100 million (the principal amount of the june 2017 term loan borrowings as of june 30, 2017) and will amortize at the same time and in the same amount as the june 2017 term loan borrowings as described in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. as of december 30, 2017, the notional amount of the interest rate swap was $97.5 million.
the company's interest rate swap agreements are executed for risk management and are not held for trading purposes. the objective of the interest rate swap agreements is to mitigate interest rate risk associated with future changes in interest rates. to accomplish this objective, the interest rate swap agreements are intended to hedge the variable cash flows associated with the variable rate term loan borrowings under the 2016 senior credit facility. both interest rate swap agreements entitle the company to receive, at specified intervals, a variable rate of interest based on libor in exchange for the payment of a fixed rate of interest throughout the life of the agreement, without exchange of the underlying notional amount.
sources and uses of cash our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and funds available under our debt facilities.  principal uses of cash for investing activities are capital expenditures and selective acquisitions, while principal uses of cash for financing activities are repurchase of the company's common stock and cash dividends paid to stockholders.
the following table presents a summary of cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities for the last three fiscal years (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                 $631.5            $650.7            $456.2
net cash used in investing activities                     (238.0     )      (369.3     )      (235.9     )
net cash used in financing activities                     (338.3     )      (291.3     )      (207.6     )
(a) as a result of the adoption of asu 2016-09 (discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements), excess tax benefits on stock options exercised are no longer presented as a separate line item in the statement of cash flows. the presentation of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 have been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
index operating activities operating activities provided net cash of $631.5 million, $650.7 million and $456.2 million in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the $19.2 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to changes in the following (in millions):
prepaid expenses and other current assets         2.3                   1.8                   0.5
net cash provided by operating activities      $631.5                $650.7                $(19.2    )
(a) as a result of the adoption of asu 2016-09 (discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements), excess tax benefits on stock options exercised are no longer presented as a separate line item in the statement of cash flows. the presentation of fiscal 2016 has been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
the $19.2 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2017 compared with fiscal 2016 primarily reflects the timing of receipts and payments in relation to inventory and accounts payable partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization due to new store growth and investments in information technology and infrastructure.
the $194.5 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 over fiscal 2015 was due to changes in the following (in millions):
prepaid expenses and other current assets         1.8                 (21.1     )            22.9
net cash provided by operating activities      $650.7                $456.2                $194.5
(a) as a result of the adoption of asu 2016-09 (discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements), excess tax benefits on stock options exercised are no longer presented as a separate line item in the statement of cash flows. the presentation of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 has been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
the $194.5 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2016 compared with fiscal 2015 primarily reflects incremental profitability and the impact of effective management of inventory and accounts payable levels. average inventory per store decreased year-over-year principally due to an improvement in inventory turns of seasonal and cold-weather merchandise at the end of fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. additionally, the timing of payments to vendors more closely aligned with receipt of inventory at the end of fiscal 2016 in comparison with the end of fiscal 2015, resulting in an improvement in cash flow year-over-year.
index investing activities investing activities used cash of $238.0 million, $369.3 million and $235.9 million in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. fiscal 2016 had a significant cash outflow from investing activities related to the acquisition of petsense.  other than cash flows related to the acquisition of petsense, cash flows from investing activities in the years presented are primarily composed of capital expenditures. capital expenditures for fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions):
information technology                                   $82.1                 $40.5                 $35.8
distribution center capacity and improvements             45.8                  21.0                  80.2
total capital expenditures                              $250.4                $226.0                $236.5
the above table reflects an investment in 101 new tractor supply stores and three store relocations, as well as 25 new petsense stores during fiscal 2017. in 2016, we opened 113 new tractor supply stores, had three store relocations and began operating 143 petsense stores as compared to 114 new tractor supply stores and six store relocations in fiscal 2015.  existing store expenditures were higher in fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017, as compared to fiscal 2015, due to the investment in the chain-wide led lighting retrofit initiative, which was completed in fiscal 2017.
the sustained increase in spending on information technology represents continued support of our store growth and our omni-channel platform, as well as improvements in security and compliance, enhancements to our customer relationship management database and other strategic initiatives.
spending for distribution center capacity and improvements increased in fiscal 2017 as we began construction of a new northeast distribution center in frankfort, new york, and expansion of our distribution center in waverly, nebraska. distribution center spending was also higher in fiscal 2015 as a result of the construction of two mixing centers in texas and the southwest distribution center in casa grande, arizona, all of which began operations in fiscal 2015.
we currently estimate that capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 will range between $260 million and $300 million.
•   we plan to open approximately 80 tractor supply stores and 20 petsense stores in fiscal 2018.
•   we plan to continue to invest in the development of our new northeast distribution center. we also plan to invest in two additional mixing centers and an east coast import center.
•   additionally, we will continue to enhance our digital and omni-channel capabilities to better serve our customers.
financing activities financing activities used cash of $338.3 million, $291.3 million and $207.6 million in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
the $47.0 million increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was due to changes in the following (in millions):
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities      $152.5                $125.0             $27.5
net cash used in financing activities                   $(338.3     )         $(291.3     )      $(47.0    )
(a) as a result of the adoption of asu 2016-09 (discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements), excess tax benefits on stock options exercised are no longer presented as a separate line item in the statement of cash flows. the presentation of fiscal 2016 has been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
index the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 is largely due to incremental share repurchases of common stock and a reduction in proceeds from the issuance of common stock, partially offset by an increase in borrowings, net of repayments, under our debt facilities.
the $83.7 million increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was due to changes in the following (in millions):
net borrowings and repayments under debt facilities      $125.0                $150.0                $(25.0    )
net cash used in financing activities                   $(291.3     )         $(207.6     )          $(83.7    )
(a) as a result of the adoption of asu 2016-09 (discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements), excess tax benefits on stock options exercised are no longer presented as a separate line item in the statement of cash flows. the presentation of fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 has been adjusted to conform to the current presentation.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 is due to incremental share repurchases of common stock, fewer borrowings, net of repayments, under our debt facilities, and an increase in quarterly cash dividends paid to stockholders.
repurchase of common stock the company's board of directors has authorized common stock repurchases under a share repurchase program of up to $3 billion, exclusive of any fees, commissions or other expenses related to such repurchases through december 31, 2020. the repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability and other market conditions. repurchased shares are accounted for at cost and will be held in treasury for future issuance. the program may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice.
it is the present intention of the board of directors to continue to pay a quarterly cash dividend; however, the declaration and payment of future dividends will be determined by the board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend upon the earnings, financial condition and capital needs of the company, as well as other factors which the board of directors deem relevant.
index significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table reflects our future obligations and commitments as of december 30, 2017 (in thousands):
capital leases(a)                     48,265                 5,201                10,449                   9,466                    23,149
construction commitments (c)          55,000                55,000                     -                       -                         -
(a) capital lease obligations include related interest.
(b) long-term debt obligations include an estimate of related interest after consideration of the interest rate swap agreements. see notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our interest rates.
(c)  represents contractual commitments related to the ongoing construction of a new distribution center in frankfort, new york, and the expansion of our existing distribution center in waverly, nebraska.
at december 30, 2017, there were $39.6 million outstanding letters of credit under the 2016 senior credit facility.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to operating leases and outstanding letters of credit.  the balances for these arrangements are previously discussed.  we typically lease buildings for retail stores rather than acquiring these assets through purchases.  letters of credit allow us to purchase inventory, primarily sourced overseas, in a timely manner and support certain risk management programs.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 30, 2017.