item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this report. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results, and/or financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent upon factors beyond our control, including the price of crude oil and the market price at which we can sell refined petroleum products.
our financial results are primarily affected by the relationship, or margin, between refined petroleum product prices and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks. historically, refining margins have been volatile, and we believe they will continue to be volatile in the future. our cost to acquire feedstocks and the price at which we can ultimately sell refined petroleum products depend upon several factors beyond our control, including regional and global supply of and demand for crude oil, gasoline, diesel, and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products. these in turn depend on, among other things, the availability and quantity of imports, the production levels of u.s. and international suppliers, levels of refined petroleum product inventories, productivity and growth (or the lack thereof) of u.s. and global economies, u.s. relationships with foreign governments, political affairs, and the extent of governmental regulation.
some of these factors can vary by region and may change quickly, adding to market volatility, while others may have longer-term effects. the longer-term effects of these and other factors on refining and marketing margins are uncertain. we do not produce crude oil and must purchase all of the crude oil we refine. we may purchase our crude oil and other refinery feedstocks long before we refine them and sell the refined petroleum products. price level changes during the period between purchasing feedstocks and selling the refined petroleum products from these feedstocks could have a significant effect on our financial results. a decline in market prices may negatively impact the carrying value of our inventories.
economic turmoil and political unrest or hostilities, including the threat of future terrorist attacks, could affect the economies of the u.s. and other countries. lower levels of economic activity could result in declines in energy consumption, including declines in the demand for and consumption of our refined petroleum products, which could cause our revenues and margins to decline and limit our future growth prospects.
refining margins are also significantly impacted by additional refinery conversion capacity through the expansion of existing refineries or the construction of new refineries. worldwide refining capacity expansions may result in refining production capability exceeding refined petroleum product demand, which would have an adverse effect on refining margins.
a significant portion of our profitability is derived from the ability to purchase and process crude oil feedstocks that historically have been cheaper than benchmark crude oils, such as louisiana light sweet (lls) and brent crude oils. these crude oil feedstock differentials vary significantly depending on overall economic conditions and trends and conditions within the markets for crude oil and refined petroleum products, and they could decline in the future, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations.
compliance with and changes in environmental laws, including proposed climate change laws and regulations, could adversely affect our performance.
the principal environmental risks associated with our operations are emissions into the air and releases into the soil, surface water, or groundwater. our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management,
pollution prevention measures, greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions, and characteristics and composition of fuels, including gasoline and diesel. certain of these laws and regulations could impose obligations to conduct assessment or remediation efforts at our facilities as well as at formerly owned properties or third-party sites where we have taken wastes for disposal or where our wastes have migrated. environmental laws and regulations also may impose liability on us for the conduct of third parties, or for actions that complied with applicable requirements when taken, regardless of negligence or fault. if we violate or fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned.
because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, such as those relating to ghg emissions and climate change, the level of expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. current and future legislative action and regulatory initiatives could result in changes to operating permits, material changes in operations, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, increased costs of the goods we sell, and decreased demand for our products that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time. we may be required to make expenditures to modify operations, discontinue use of certain process units, or install pollution control equipment that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
for example, the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) recently adopted the residual risk and technology review rule (rtr) adding new standards for air toxic emissions, among other requirements. emerging rules and permitting requirements implementing these revised standards may require us to install more stringent controls at our facilities, which may result in increased capital expenditures. governmental regulations regarding ghg emissions and low carbon fuel standards could result in increased compliance costs, additional operating restrictions or permitting delays for our business, and an increase in the cost of, and reduction in demand for, the products we produce, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
in addition, in 2015, the u.s., canada, and the u.k. participated in the united nations conference on climate change, which led to the creation of the paris agreement. the paris agreement, which was signed by the u.s. in april 2016, requires countries to review and "represent a progression" in their intended nationally determined contributions (which set ghg emission reduction goals) every five years beginning in 2020. while the current u.s. administration announced its intent to withdraw from the paris agreement in june 2017, there are no guarantees that it will not be implemented in the u.s., or in part by u.s. states or local governments. restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that have been or may be imposed in various u.s. states or at the u.s. federal level or in other countries could adversely affect the oil and gas industry.
severe weather events may have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
some members within the scientific community believe that the increasing concentrations of greenhouse gas emissions in the earth's atmosphere, among other reasons, may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts and floods and other climatic events. if any such climatic events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations.
compliance with the u.s. environmental protection agency renewable fuel standard could adversely affect our performance.
the u.s. epa has implemented a renewable fuel standard (rfs) pursuant to the energy policy act of 2005 and the energy independence and security act of 2007. the rfs program sets annual quotas for the quantity of renewable fuels (such as ethanol) that must be blended into transportation fuels consumed in the u.s. a renewable identification number (rin) is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in or imported into the u.s. as a producer of petroleum-based transportation fuels, we are obligated to blend renewable fuels into the products we produce at a rate that is at least commensurate to the u.s. epa's quota and, to the extent we do not, we must purchase rins in the open market to satisfy our obligation under the rfs program.
we are exposed to the volatility in the market price of rins. we cannot predict the future prices of rins. rins prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including u.s. epa regulations, the availability of rins for purchase, and levels of transportation fuels produced, which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. if sufficient rins are unavailable for purchase or if we have to pay a significantly higher price for rins, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the u.s. epa's rfs mandates, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
disruption of our ability to obtain crude oil could adversely affect our operations.
a significant portion of our feedstock requirements is satisfied through supplies originating in the middle east, africa, asia, north america, and south america. we are, therefore, subject to the political, geographic, and economic risks attendant to doing business with suppliers located in, and supplies originating from, these areas. if one or more of our supply contracts were terminated, or if political events disrupt our traditional crude oil supply, we believe that adequate alternative supplies of crude oil would be available, but it is possible that we would be unable to find alternative sources of supply. if we are unable to obtain adequate crude oil volumes or are able to obtain such volumes only at unfavorable prices, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected, including reduced sales volumes of refined petroleum products or reduced margins as a result of higher crude oil costs.
in addition, the u.s. government can prevent or restrict us from doing business in or with other countries. these restrictions, and those of other governments, could limit our ability to gain access to business opportunities in various countries. actions by both the u.s. and other countries have affected our operations in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
any attempt by the u.s. government to withdraw from or materially modify existing international trade agreements could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the current u.s. administration has questioned certain existing and proposed trade agreements, such as the north american free trade agreement, and has withdrawn the u.s. from others such as the trans-pacific partnership. the current u.s. administration has also raised the possibility of greater restrictions on trade generally, and significant increases on tariffs on goods imported into the u.s.
changes in u.s. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment could adversely affect our business. for example, the imposition of tariffs or other trade barriers with other countries could affect our ability to obtain feedstocks from international sources, increase our costs and reduce the competitiveness of our products.
while there is currently a lack of certainty around the likelihood, timing, and details of any such policies and reforms, if the current u.s. administration takes action to withdraw from, or materially modify, existing
international trade agreements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we are subject to interruptions and increased costs as a result of our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we generally use the services of third parties to transport feedstocks to our facilities and to transport the products we manufacture to market. if we experience prolonged interruptions of supply or increases in costs to deliver our products to market, or if the ability of the pipelines, vessels, or railroads to transport feedstocks or products is disrupted because of weather events, accidents, derailment, collision, fire, explosion, governmental regulations, or third-party actions, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
we may incur additional costs as a result of our use of rail cars for the transportation of crude oil and the products that we manufacture.
we currently use rail cars for the transportation of some feedstocks to certain of our facilities and for the transportation of some of the products we manufacture to their markets. we own and lease rail cars for our operations. rail transportation is subject to a variety of federal, state, and local regulations. new laws and regulations, and changes in existing laws and regulations, are frequently enacted or proposed, and could result in increased expenditures for compliance, either directly through costs for our owned and leased rail assets, or as passed along to us by rail carriers and operators. for example, in may 2014, the u.s. department of transportation (dot) issued an emergency order requiring rail carriers to provide certain notifications to state agencies along routes used by trains over a certain length carrying crude oil. in addition, in november 2014, the federal railroad administration (fra) issued a final rule regarding safety training standards under the rail safety improvement act of 2008. the rule required each railroad or contractor to develop and submit a training program to perform regular oversight and annual written reviews. in may 2015, the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration (phmsa), in coordination with the fra, issued new final rules for enhanced tank car standards and operational controls for high-hazard flammable trains. in august 2016, phmsa adopted a final rule expanding the requirements and mandating additional controls for enhanced tank cars, as required by the fixing america's surface transportation (fast) act of 2015. while some recent actions-including (1) a december 2017 statement that phmsa intends to initiate rulemaking to rescind portions of its may 2015 rule; and (2) an april 2017 final rule from fra that delays certain training-program requirements-have provided some regulatory relief, the general trend has been toward greater regulation. we do not believe recently adopted rules will have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity, although further changes in law, regulations or industry standards could require us to incur additional costs to the extent they are applicable to us.
competitors that produce their own supply of feedstocks, own their own retail sites, have greater financial resources, or provide alternative energy sources may have a competitive advantage.
the refining and marketing industry is highly competitive with respect to both feedstock supply and refined petroleum product markets. we compete with many companies for available supplies of crude oil and other feedstocks and for sites for our refined petroleum products. we do not produce any of our crude oil feedstocks and, following the separation of our retail business in 2013, we do not have a company-owned retail network. many of our competitors, however, obtain a significant portion of their feedstocks from company-owned production and some have extensive retail sites. such competitors are at times able to offset losses from refining operations with profits from producing or retailing operations, and may be better positioned to withstand periods of depressed refining margins or feedstock shortages.
some of our competitors also have materially greater financial and other resources than we have. such competitors have a greater ability to bear the economic risks inherent in all phases of our industry. in addition, we compete with other industries that provide alternative means to satisfy the energy and fuel requirements of our industrial, commercial, and individual consumers.
uncertainty and illiquidity in credit and capital markets can impair our ability to obtain credit and financing on acceptable terms, and can adversely affect the financial strength of our business partners.
our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors that we do not control. our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. in addition, the cost and availability of debt and equity financing may be adversely impacted by unstable or illiquid market conditions. protracted uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets also could have an adverse impact on our lenders, commodity hedging counterparties, or our customers, causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. in addition, decreased returns on pension fund assets may also materially increase our pension funding requirements.
our access to credit and capital markets also depends on the credit ratings assigned to our debt by independent credit rating agencies. we currently maintain investment-grade ratings by standard & poor's ratings services, moody's investors service, and fitch ratings on our senior unsecured debt. ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. we cannot provide assurance that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. specifically, if ratings agencies were to downgrade our long-term rating, particularly below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase, which could adversely affect our ability to attract potential investors and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, we may not be able to obtain favorable credit terms from our suppliers or they may require us to provide collateral, letters of credit, or other forms of security, which would increase our operating costs. as a result, a downgrade below investment grade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
from time to time, our cash needs may exceed our internally generated cash flow, and our business could be materially and adversely affected if we were unable to obtain necessary funds from financing activities. from time to time, we may need to supplement our cash generated from operations with proceeds from financing activities. we have existing revolving credit facilities, committed letter of credit facilities, and an accounts receivable sales facility to provide us with available financing to meet our ongoing cash needs. in addition, we rely on the counterparties to our derivative instruments to fund their obligations under such arrangements. uncertainty and illiquidity in financial markets may materially impact the ability of the participating financial institutions and other counterparties to fund their commitments to us under our various financing facilities or our derivative instruments, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
a significant interruption in one or more of our refineries could adversely affect our business.
our refineries are our principal operating assets. as a result, our operations could be subject to significant interruption if one or more of our refineries were to experience a major accident or mechanical failure, be damaged by severe weather or other natural or man-made disaster, such as an act of terrorism, or otherwise be forced to shut down. if any refinery were to experience an interruption in operations, earnings from the refinery could be materially adversely affected (to the extent not recoverable through insurance) because of lost production and repair costs. significant interruptions in our refining system could also lead to increased volatility in prices for crude oil feedstocks and refined petroleum products, and could increase instability in
the financial and insurance markets, making it more difficult for us to access capital and to obtain insurance coverage that we consider adequate.
a significant interruption related to our information technology systems could adversely affect our business.
our information technology systems and network infrastructure may be subject to unauthorized access or attack, which could result in a loss of intellectual property, proprietary information or employee, customer or vendor data; public disclosure of sensitive information; increased costs to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events; systems interruption; or the disruption of our business operations. a breach could also originate from, or compromise, our customers' and vendors' or other third-party networks outside of our control. a breach may also result in legal claims or proceedings against us by our shareholders, employees, customers and vendors. there can be no assurance that our infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans can prevent a technology systems breach or systems failure, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. to the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements.
our business may be negatively affected by work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes by our employees, as well as new labor legislation issued by regulators.
workers at some of our refineries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. to the extent we are in negotiations for labor agreements expiring in the future, there is no assurance an agreement will be reached without a strike, work stoppage, or other labor action. any prolonged strike, work stoppage, or other labor action could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, future federal or state labor legislation could result in labor shortages and higher costs, especially during critical maintenance periods.
we are subject to operational risks and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover all potential losses arising from operating hazards. failure by one or more insurers to honor its coverage commitments for an insured event could materially and adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our operations are subject to various hazards common to the industry, including explosions, fires, toxic emissions, maritime hazards, and natural catastrophes. as protection against these hazards, we maintain insurance coverage against some, but not all, potential losses and liabilities. we may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could increase substantially. in some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. for example, coverage for hurricane damage is very limited, and coverage for terrorism risks includes very broad exclusions. if we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
our insurance program includes a number of insurance carriers. significant disruptions in financial markets could lead to a deterioration in the financial condition of many financial institutions, including insurance companies. we can make no assurances that we will be able to obtain the full amount of our insurance coverage for insured events.
large capital projects can take many years to complete, and market conditions could deteriorate over time, negatively impacting project returns.
we may engage in capital projects based on the forecasted project economics and level of return on the capital to be employed in the project. large-scale projects take many years to complete, and market conditions can change from our forecast. as a result, we may be unable to fully realize our expected returns, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
compliance with and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our performance.
we are subject to extensive tax liabilities imposed by multiple jurisdictions, including income taxes, indirect taxes (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and value-added taxes), payroll taxes, franchise taxes, withholding taxes, and ad valorem taxes. new tax laws and regulations and changes in existing tax laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed that could result in increased expenditures for tax liabilities in the future. many of these liabilities are subject to periodic audits by the respective taxing authority. subsequent changes to our tax liabilities as a result of these audits may subject us to interest and penalties.
on december 22, 2017, tax legislation commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (tax reform) was enacted. among other things, tax reform reduces the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent (beginning in 2018) and implements a new system of taxation for non-u.s. earnings, including by imposing a one-time tax on the deemed repatriation of undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. beginning in 2018, tax reform also generally will (i) limit our annual deductions for interest expense to no more than 30 percent of our "adjusted taxable income" (plus 100 percent of our business interest income) for the year and (ii) permit us to offset only 80 percent (rather than 100 percent) of our taxable income with any net operating losses we generate after 2017. while we are currently evaluating the effects of tax reform, including the one-time deemed repatriation tax and the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, we do not expect that the provisions of tax reform, taken as a whole, will have any adverse impact on our cash tax liabilities, results of operations, or financial condition. in the absence of guidance on various uncertainties and ambiguities in the application of certain provisions of tax reform, we will use what we believe are reasonable interpretations and assumptions in applying tax reform, but it is possible that the internal revenue service (irs) could issue subsequent guidance or take positions on audit that differ from our prior interpretations and assumptions, which could adversely impact our cash tax liabilities, results of operations, and financial condition.
we may incur losses and additional costs as a result of our forward-contract activities and derivative transactions.
we currently use commodity derivative instruments, and we expect to continue their use in the future. if the instruments we use to hedge our exposure to various types of risk are not effective, we may incur losses. in addition, we may be required to incur additional costs in connection with future regulation of derivative instruments to the extent it is applicable to us.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of a publicly traded master limited partnership, vlp, which may involve a greater exposure to legal liability than our historic business operations.
one of our subsidiaries acts as the general partner of vlp, a publicly traded master limited partnership. our control of the general partner of vlp may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties, including claims of conflicts of interest, related to vlp. liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following review of our results of operations and financial condition should be read in conjunction with item 1a, "risk factors," and item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," included in this report.
cautionary statement for the purpose of safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report, including without limitation our disclosures below under the heading "overview and outlook," includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify our forward-looking statements by the words "anticipate," "believe," "expect," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "project," "projection," "predict," "budget," "forecast," "goal," "guidance," "target," "could," "should," "may," and similar expressions.
these forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding:
•   expectations regarding feedstock costs, including crude oil differentials, and operating expenses;
•   our anticipated level of capital investments, including deferred costs for refinery turnarounds and catalyst, capital expenditures for environmental and other purposes, and joint venture investments, and the effect of those capital investments on our results of operations;
•   anticipated trends in the supply of and demand for crude oil and other feedstocks and refined petroleum products in the regions where we operate, as well as globally;
•   expectations regarding environmental, tax, and other regulatory initiatives; and
•   the effect of general economic and other conditions on refining, ethanol, and midstream industry fundamentals.
we based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates, and projections about ourselves and our industry. we caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, our actual results may differ materially from the future performance that we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in these forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following:
•   acts of terrorism aimed at either our facilities or other facilities that could impair our ability to produce or transport refined petroleum products or receive feedstocks;
•   political and economic conditions in nations that produce crude oil or consume refined petroleum products;
•   demand for, and supplies of, refined petroleum products such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, petrochemicals, and ethanol;
•   demand for, and supplies of, crude oil and other feedstocks;
•   the ability of the members of the organization of petroleum exporting countries to agree on and to maintain crude oil price and production controls;
•   the level of consumer demand, including seasonal fluctuations;
•   refinery overcapacity or undercapacity;
•   our ability to successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations;
•   the actions taken by competitors, including both pricing and adjustments to refining capacity in response to market conditions;
•   the level of competitors' imports into markets that we supply;
•   accidents, unscheduled shutdowns, or other catastrophes affecting our refineries, machinery, pipelines, equipment, and information systems, or those of our suppliers or customers;
•   changes in the cost or availability of transportation for feedstocks and refined petroleum products;
•   the price, availability, and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles;
•   the levels of government subsidies for alternative fuels;
•   the volatility in the market price of biofuel credits (primarily rins needed to comply with the rfs) and ghg emission credits needed to comply with the requirements of various ghg emission programs;
•   delay of, cancellation of, or failure to implement planned capital projects and realize the various assumptions and benefits projected for such projects or cost overruns in constructing such planned capital projects;
•   earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, and irregular weather, which can unforeseeably affect the price or availability of natural gas, crude oil, grain and other feedstocks, and refined petroleum products and ethanol;
•   rulings, judgments, or settlements in litigation or other legal or regulatory matters, including unexpected environmental remediation costs, in excess of any reserves or insurance coverage;
•   legislative or regulatory action, including the introduction or enactment of legislation or rulemakings by governmental authorities, including tax and environmental regulations, such as those implemented under the california cap-and-trade system (also known as ab 32), the quebec cap-and-trade system, the ontario cap-and-trade system, and the u.s. epa's regulation of ghgs, which may adversely affect our business or operations;
•   changes in the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities and trade credit;
•   changes in currency exchange rates, including the value of the canadian dollar, the pound sterling, the euro, and the mexican peso relative to the u.s. dollar;
•   overall economic conditions, including the stability and liquidity of financial markets; and
•   other factors generally described in the "risk factors" section included in item 1a, "risk factors" in this report.
any one of these factors, or a combination of these factors, could materially affect our future results of operations and whether any forward-looking statements ultimately prove to be accurate. our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results and future performance may differ materially from those suggested in any forward-looking statements. we do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by the securities laws to do so.
all subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. we undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
this report includes references to financial measures that are not defined under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, adjusted operating income (loss), and refining and ethanol segment margin. we have included these non-gaap financial measures to help facilitate the comparison of operating results between periods. see the accompanying financial tables in "results of operations" and note (d) to the
accompanying tables for reconciliations of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measures. also in note (d), we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of the non-gaap financial measures provides useful information.
overview and outlook overview for 2017, we reported net income attributable to valero stockholders of $4.1 billion compared to $2.3 billion for 2016, which represents an increase of $1.8 billion. this increase is primarily due to a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in 2017 resulting from the implementation of the provisions under tax reform, which was enacted on december 22, 2017. see note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about tax reform and the $1.9 billion benefit recorded by us. excluding the impact of tax reform, adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders in 2017 was $2.2 billion. this compares to adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders of $1.7 billion in 2016, which has been adjusted for the amounts reflected in the table on page 34. the $479 million increase in adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders was primarily due to a $779 million increase in adjusted operating income between the years net of the resulting increase in income tax expense.
•   refining segment. refining segment adjusted operating income increased by $942 million due to higher margins on refined petroleum products and higher throughput volumes, partially offset by lower discounts on sour crude oils and other feedstocks, higher cost of biofuel credits, and higher operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense). this is more fully described on pages 38 through 40.
•   vlp segment. vlp segment adjusted operating income increased by $74 million primarily due to incremental revenues generated from transportation and terminaling services provided to our refining segment associated with terminals acquired in 2016 and 2017, a product pipeline system acquired in 2017, and the acquisition of an undivided interest in crude system assets in 2017. this is more fully described on page 41.
•   corporate and eliminations. corporate and eliminations, which consists primarily of general and administrative expenses and related depreciation and amortization expense, increased by $119 million primarily due to higher employee related costs, legal and environmental reserves, and other expenses, which are more fully described on page 38.
additional details and analysis for the changes in operating income and adjusted operating income for our reportable business segments and other components of net income and adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, including a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures used in this overview to their most comparable measures reported under u.s. gaap, are provided below under "results of operations".
outlook below are several factors that have impacted or may impact our results of operations during the first quarter of 2018:
•   medium and heavy sour crude oil discounts are expected to remain weaker than their five-year averages as supplies of sour crude oils in the market remain suppressed.
•   sweet crude discounts are expected to remain near current levels as export demand remains strong and increased supplies from the permian basin are delivered into u.s. gulf coast markets.
•   legislation authorizing the extension of the $1 per gallon biodiesel blender's tax credit for biodiesel volumes blended in 2017 was passed and signed into law in february 2018. as a result, we will recognize a benefit to cost of materials and other in our refining segment results of operations for the first quarter of 2018 of approximately $170 million. the majority of this amount will be recognized by one of our consolidated variable interest entities (vies) in which we own a 50 percent interest; therefore, approximately one half of this amount (after taxes) will be excluded from net income attributable to valero stockholders.
results of operations the following tables highlight our results of operations, our operating performance, and market reference prices that directly impact our operations. in addition, these tables include financial measures that are not defined under u.s. gaap and represent non-gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures are reconciled to their most comparable u.s. gaap financial measures and include adjusted net income attributable to valero stockholders, adjusted operating income, and refining and ethanol segment margin. in note (d) to these tables, we disclose the reasons why we believe our use of non-gaap financial measures provides useful information.
effective january 1, 2017, we revised our reportable segments to align with certain changes in how our chief operating decision maker manages and allocates resources to our business. accordingly, we created a new reportable segment - vlp. the results of the vlp segment, which include the results of our majority-owned master limited partnership referred to by the same name, were transferred from the refining segment. our prior period segment information has been retrospectively adjusted to reflect our current segment presentation. the narrative following these tables provides an analysis of our results of operations.
financial highlights by segment and total company
operating revenues from external customers                                                                $90,651               $3,324                 $-                    $5                $93,980
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (468   )
income before income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                 3,207
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                                                                (949   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                           91
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
operating revenues from external customers                                                                $71,968               $3,691            $-                $-                         $75,659
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                                                   (697    )             (50    )       -                 -                             (747   )
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (446   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                 3,182
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                          128
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                                                                                                              -                             747
income tax expense related to the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment                                                                                -                            (168     )
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, net of taxes                                                                                                    -                             579
income tax benefit on aruba disposition (c)                                                                                                                             -                              42
income tax benefit from tax reform (e)                                                                                                                                  1,862                           -
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (b)                   697        50                     -                 -                    747
2017                                                                                                                                            2016                change throughput volumes (thousand bpd)
2017                                                                                                                                        2016        change operating statistics ethanol segment margin (d)                                                                                         $696                $771             $(75        )
2017                                                                                       2016                change operating statistics pipeline transportation revenue                                   $101                 $78                   $23
average market reference prices and differentials
2017                                                                                 2016              change feedstocks brent crude oil                                         $54.82                $45.02               $9.80
total company, corporate, and other operating revenues increased $18.3 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum product prices associated with our refining segment. this improvement in operating revenues was mostly offset by higher cost of materials and other and increases in other components of cost of sales between the years, resulting in an increase in operating income of $27 million in 2017 compared to 2016.
corporate and eliminations, which consists primarily of general and administrative expenses and related depreciation and amortization expense, increased by $119 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher employee related costs of $50 million, an increase in legal and environmental reserves of $21 million, expenses associated with the termination of an acquisition transaction of $16 million, and an increase in charitable contributions of $10 million.
income tax expense decreased $1.7 billion from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in 2017 resulting from tax reform, which is more fully described in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements. excluding this benefit, the effective tax rate for 2017 was 28 percent. this compares to an effective tax rate of 26 percent in 2016, which has been adjusted for the income tax adjustments reflected in the table on page 34. the effective tax rates are lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35 percent that was in effect through december 31, 2017, primarily because income from our international operations was taxed at statutory rates that were lower than in the u.s. the effective tax rate in 2016 was lower than the 2017 rate due to a benefit of $35 million resulting from the favorable resolution of an income tax audit.
refining segment results refining segment operating revenues increased $18.7 billion and cost of materials and other increased $17.5 billion in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in refined petroleum product prices and crude oil feedstock costs, respectively. the resulting $1.2 billion increase in refining segment margin (as defined in note (d) on page 48) was partially offset by increases in other components of cost of sales between the years, resulting in an increase in operating income of $243 million, from $3.8 billion in 2016 to $4.0 billion in 2017.
excluding the adjustments reflected in the tables on page 34 from operating income in both years, adjusted operating income was $4.1 billion in 2017 compared to $3.1 billion in 2016, an increase of $942 million. the components of this increase are outlined below, along with the reasons for the changes in these components between the years.
•   increase in distillate margins. we experienced improved distillate margins throughout all of our regions in 2017 compared to 2016. for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast ultra-low-sulfur diesel was $13.26 per barrel in 2017 compared to $10.21 per barrel in 2016, representing a favorable increase of $3.05 per barrel. another example is the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent ultra-low-sulfur diesel that was $18.50 per barrel in 2017 compared to $13.03 per barrel in 2016, representing a favorable increase of $5.47 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in distillate margins per barrel in 2017 compared to 2016 had a positive impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $1.2 billion.
•   increase in gasoline margins. we also experienced improved gasoline margins throughout all of our regions in 2017 compared to 2016. for example, the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent cbob gasoline was $15.65 per barrel in 2017 compared to $11.82 per barrel in 2016, representing a favorable increase of $3.83 per barrel. another example is the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast cbob gasoline, which was $10.50 per barrel in 2017 compared to $9.17 per barrel in 2016, representing a favorable increase of $1.33 per barrel. we estimate that the increase in gasoline margins per barrel in 2017 compared to 2016 had a favorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $577 million.
•   higher throughput volumes. refining segment throughput volumes increased by 85,000 bpd in 2017. we estimate that the increase in refining throughput volumes had a positive impact on our refining segment margin of approximately $283 million.
•   lower discounts on sour crude oils. the market prices for refined petroleum products generally track the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, and we benefit when we process sour crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. while we benefited from processing these sour crude oils in 2017, that benefit declined compared to 2016. for example, asci crude oil processed in our u.s. gulf coast region sold at a discount to brent of $4.18 per barrel in 2017 compared to a discount of $5.18 per barrel in 2016, representing an unfavorable decrease of $1.00 per barrel. another example is maya crude oil that sold at a discount to brent of $7.74 per barrel in 2017 compared to $8.63 per barrel in 2016, representing an unfavorable decrease of $0.89 per barrel. we estimate that the reduction in discounts for sour crude oils that we processed in 2017 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $305 million.
•   lower discounts on other feedstocks. in addition to crude oil, we utilize other feedstocks such as residuals, in certain of our refining processes. we benefit when we process these other feedstocks that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. while we benefited from processing these types of feedstocks in 2017, that benefit declined compared to 2016. we estimate that the reduction in the discounts for the other feedstocks that we processed in 2017 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $203 million.
•   higher costs of biofuel credits. as more fully described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we must purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligation under various government and regulatory compliance programs, and the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) increased by $193 million from $749 million in 2016 to $942 million in 2017.
•   increase in charges from vlp. charges from the vlp segment for transportation and terminaling services increased $89 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to additional services provided to the refining segment using terminals acquired by vlp in 2016 and 2017, a pipeline system acquired by vlp in 2017, and an undivided interest in crude system assets acquired by vlp in 2017. the increase in charges from vlp are more fully discussed in the vlp segment analysis below.
refining segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $221 million primarily due to an increase in energy costs driven by higher natural gas prices ($2.98 per mmbtu in the 2017 compared to $2.46 per mmbtu in 2016).
refining segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $66 million due to an increase in refinery turnaround and catalyst amortization expense primarily due to
costs incurred in the latter part of 2016 in connection with significant turnaround projects at our port arthur and texas city refineries.
ethanol segment results ethanol segment operating revenues decreased $401 million and cost of materials and other decreased $326 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to decreases in ethanol and corn related co-product prices and lower corn prices, respectively. the resulting $75 million decrease in ethanol segment margin (as defined in note (d) on page 48), along with increases in other components of cost of sales between the years, resulted in a decrease in operating income of $168 million, from $340 million in 2016 to $172 million in 2017.
excluding the adjustment reflected in the table on page 34 from 2016 operating income, adjusted operating income in 2016 was $290 million. compared to this adjusted amount, operating income in 2017 decreased $118 million. the components of this decrease are outlined below, along with changes in these components between the years.
•   lower ethanol prices. ethanol prices were lower in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher industry production, which resulted in higher domestic inventories. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $1.56 per gallon in 2017 compared to $1.60 per gallon in 2016. we estimate that the decrease in the price of ethanol had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $73 million.
•   lower co-product prices. a decrease in export demand for corn related co-products, primarily distillers grains, had an unfavorable effect on the prices we received. we estimate that the decrease for corn related co-product prices had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $52 million.
•   lower corn prices. despite a slight increase in the chicago board of trade (cbot) corn price from $3.58 per bushel in 2016 to $3.59 per bushel in 2017, we acquired corn at lower prices due to favorable location differentials, resulting in a decrease in the price we paid for corn in 2017 compared to 2016. we estimate that the decrease in the price we paid for corn had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $25 million.
•   higher production volumes. ethanol segment margin was favorably impacted by increased production volumes of 130,000 gallons per day in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to reliability improvements. we estimate that the increase in production volumes had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $25 million.
ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) increased $28 million primarily due to an increase in energy costs driven by higher natural gas prices ($2.98 per mmbtu in 2017 compared to $2.46 per mmbtu in 2016).
ethanol segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $15 million primarily due to the write-off of assets that were idled in 2017.
vlp segment results vlp segment operating revenues increased $89 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to incremental revenues generated from transportation and terminaling services provided to our refining segment associated with terminals and pipelines acquired in 2016 and 2017. this increase in vlp segment revenues was partially offset by increases in components of cost of sales between the years, resulting in an increase in operating income of $71 million, from $221 million in 2016 to $292 million in 2017.
excluding the adjustment reflected in the table on page 34 from 2017 operating income, adjusted operating income in 2017 was $295 million, an increase of $74 million compared to 2016. the components of this increase are outlined below, along with the reasons for the changes in these components between the years.
•   incremental throughput from acquired businesses and assets. vlp generated incremental terminaling revenues of $56 million from services provided to the refining segment by the mckee, meraux, three rivers, and port arthur terminals. the mckee, meraux, and three rivers terminals were acquired in 2016 and the port arthur terminal was acquired in 2017. vlp also generated incremental pipeline revenues of $15 million from the parkway pipeline and red river crude system, which were acquired in 2017. the incremental revenues generated by these businesses and assets had a favorable impact to vlp's operating revenues of $71 million.
•   higher throughput volumes at systems owned or acquired prior to 2016. the refining segment shipped higher volumes of crude oil and refined petroleum products using vlp's terminals and pipeline systems owned or acquired prior to 2016, which resulted in incremental revenues of $16 million in 2017.
vlp segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) and depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $8 million and $7 million, respectively, primarily due to expenses associated with the port arthur terminal, the parkway pipeline, and the red river crude system, which were acquired in 2017.
financial highlights by segment and total company
operating revenues from external customers                                                                $71,968               $3,691            $-                $-                         $75,659
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                                                   (697    )             (50    )       -                 -                             (747   )
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                            (446   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                                 3,182
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                                                                          128
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
operating revenues from external customers                                                                $84,521               $3,283            $-              $-                         $87,804
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (b)                                                     740                   50            -               -                              790
interest and debt expense, net of capitalized interest                                                                                                                                          (433   )
income before income tax expense                                                                                                                                                               5,971
less: net income attributable to noncontrollinginterests                                                                                                                                         111
financial highlights by segment and total company (continued)
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                                                                                                                    747                    (790     )
income tax expense related to the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment                                                                                     (168     )               166
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, net of taxes                                                                                                          579                    (624     )
income tax benefit on aruba disposition (c)                                                                                                                                    42                       -
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (b)                   697        50                     -                 -                    747
lower of cost or market inventory valuationadjustment (b)                  (740    )           (50    )       -               -                             (790   )
2016                                                                                                                                            2015                change throughput volumes (thousand bpd)
2016                                                                                                                                        2015              change operating statistics ethanol segment margin (d)                                                                                         $771                $690                 $81
2016                                                                                        2015              change operating statistics pipeline transportation revenue                                     $78                 $81                 $(3    )
average market reference prices and differentials
2016                                                                                 2015                change feedstocks brent crude oil                                         $45.02                $53.62                $(8.60    )
(a)   other operating expenses reflects expenses that are not associated with our cost of sales. other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily includes costs incurred at certain of our u.s. gulf coast refineries and certain vlp assets due to damage associated with hurricane harvey.
(b)   in accordance with u.s. gaap, we are required to state our inventories at the lower of cost or market. when the market price of our inventory falls below cost, we record a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment to write down the value to market. in subsequent periods, the value of our inventory is reassessed and a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment is recorded to reflect the net change in the lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve between periods. as of december 31, 2017, the market price of our inventory was above cost; therefore, we did not have a lower of cost or market inventory valuation reserve as of that date. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded a change in our inventory valuation reserve that was established on december 31, 2015, resulting in a noncash benefit of $747 million, of which $697 million and $50 million were attributable to our refining segment and ethanol segment, respectively. the year ended december 31, 2015 includes a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment that resulted in a noncash charge of $790 million, of which $740 million and $50 million were attributable to our refining segment and ethanol segment, respectively. the noncash benefit for the year ended december 31, 2016 differs from the noncash charge for the year ended december 31, 2015 due to the foreign currency effect of inventories held by our international operations.
(c)   effective october 1, 2016, we (i) transferred ownership of all of our assets in aruba, other than certain hydrocarbon inventories and working capital, to refineria di aruba n.v. (rda), an entity wholly-owned by the government of aruba (goa), (ii) settled our obligations under various agreements with the goa, including agreements that required us to dismantle our leasehold improvements under certain conditions, and (iii) sold the working capital of our aruba operations, including hydrocarbon inventories, to the goa, citgo aruba refining n.v. (car), and citgo petroleum corporation (together with car and certain other affiliates, collectively, citgo). we refer to this transaction as the "aruba disposition."
in june 2016, we recognized an asset impairment loss of $56 million representing all of the remaining carrying value of the long-lived assets of our crude oil and refined petroleum products terminal and transshipment facility in aruba (collectively, the aruba terminal). we recognized the impairment loss at that time because we concluded that it was more likely than not that we would ultimately transfer ownership of these assets to the goa as a result of agreements entered into in june 2016 between the goa and citgo for the goa's lease of those assets to citgo.
in september 2016 and in connection with the aruba disposition, our u.s. subsidiaries cancelled all outstanding debt obligations owed to them by our aruba subsidiaries, which resulted in the recognition by us of an income tax benefit of $42 million during the year ended december 31, 2016.
(d)   we use certain financial measures (as noted below) that are not defined under u.s. gaap and are considered to be non-gaap measures.
we have defined these non-gaap measures and believe they are useful to the external users of our financial statements, including industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. we believe these measures are useful to assess our ongoing financial performance because, when reconciled to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures, they provide improved comparability between periods through the exclusion of certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance and that may obscure our underlying business results and trends. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as alternatives to their most comparable u.s. gaap measures nor should they be considered in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our results of operations as reported under u.s. gaap. in addition, these non-gaap measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may define them differently, which diminishes the utility of these measures.
◦   adjusted net income attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders is defined as net income attributable to valero energy corporation stockholders excluding the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, its related income tax effect, the asset impairment loss, the income tax benefit on the aruba disposition, and the tax reform income tax benefit.
◦   refining and ethanol segment margins are defined as segment operating income excluding the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense), other operating expenses, depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales, and the asset impairment loss as shown below:
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                               -                  (697    )              740
lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment (b)                           -                 (50    )             50
◦   adjusted refining segment operating income is defined as refining segment operating income excluding other operating expenses, the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, and the asset impairment loss.
◦   adjusted ethanol segment operating income is defined as ethanol segment operating income excluding the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment.
(e)   on december 22, 2017, tax reform was enacted, resulting in the remeasurement of our u.s. deferred taxes and the recognition of a liability for taxes on the deemed repatriation of our foreign earnings and profits. under
u.s. gaap, we are required to recognize the effect of tax reform in the period of enactment. as a result, we recognized a $1.9 billion income tax benefit in december 2017, which represents the estimated impact of tax reform. this estimate may be refined in future periods as further information becomes available.
(g)   all per barrel of throughput and per gallon of production amounts are calculated by dividing the associated dollar amount by the throughput volumes, production volumes, pipeline transportation throughput volumes, or terminaling throughput volumes for the period, as applicable.
(h)   adjusted operating income per barrel represents adjusted operating income (defined in (d) above) for our refining segment divided by the respective throughput volumes. ethanol segment margin per gallon of production represents ethanol segment margin (as defined in (d) above) for our ethanol segment divided by production volumes. pipeline transportation revenue per barrel and terminaling revenue per barrel represent pipeline transportation revenue and terminaling revenue for our vlp segment divided by pipeline transportation throughput and terminaling throughput volumes, respectively. throughput and production volumes are calculated by multiplying throughput and production volumes per day (as provided in the accompanying tables) by the number of days in the applicable period.
total company, corporate, and other operating revenues decreased $12.1 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to decreases in refined petroleum products prices associated with our refining segment. this decline in operating revenues was partially offset by lower cost of materials and other and the positive effect from the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments in both years, resulting in a decrease in operating income of $2.8 billion, from $6.4 billion in 2015 to $3.6 billion in 2016.
income tax expense decreased $1.1 billion from 2015 to 2016 primarily due to lower income before income tax expense. excluding the income tax adjustments reflected in the table on page 44 from both years, the effective tax rate for 2016 was 26 percent compared to 30 percent in 2015. the effective tax rates are lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35 percent primarily because income from our international operations was taxed at statutory rates that were lower than in the u.s. the effective tax rate in 2016 was lower than the 2015 rate due to a benefit of $35 million resulting from the favorable resolution of an income tax audit.
refining segment results refining segment operating revenues decreased $12.6 billion and cost of materials and other decreased $8.1 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to decreases in refined petroleum product prices and crude oil feedstock costs, respectively. the resulting $4.4 billion decrease in refining segment margin was partially offset by the positive effect from the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments in both years, resulting in a decrease in operating income of $3.1 billion, from $6.9 billion in 2015 to $3.8 billion in 2016.
excluding the adjustments reflected in the tables on page 44 from operating income in both years, adjusted operating income was $3.1 billion in 2016 compared to $7.6 billion in 2015, a decrease of $4.5 billion. the components of this decrease are outlined below, along with the reasons for the changes in these components between the years.
•   decrease in gasoline margins. we experienced a decrease in gasoline margins throughout all our regions in 2016 compared to 2015. for example, the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent cbob gasoline was $11.82 per barrel in 2016 compared to $17.59 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable decrease of $5.77 per barrel. another example is the ans-based reference margin for u.s. west coast carbob 87 gasoline, which was $17.04 per barrel in 2016 compared to $25.56 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable decrease of $8.52 per barrel. we estimate that the decrease in gasoline margins per barrel in 2016 compared to 2015 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $1.7 billion.
•   decrease in distillate margins. we also experienced a decrease in distillate margins throughout all our regions in 2016 compared to 2015. for example, the brent-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. gulf coast ultra-low-sulfur diesel was $10.21 per barrel in 2016 compared to $12.64 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable decrease of $2.43 per barrel. another example is the wti-based benchmark reference margin for u.s. mid-continent ultra-low-sulfur diesel that was $13.03 per barrel in 2016 compared to $19.02 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable
•   lower discounts on light sweet and sour crude oils. the market prices for refined petroleum products generally track the price of brent crude oil, which is a benchmark sweet crude oil, and we benefit when we process crude oils that are priced at a discount to brent crude oil. during 2016, we benefited from processing wti crude oil (a type of sweet crude oil), however, that benefit declined compared to 2015. for example, wti crude oil processed in our u.s. mid-continent region sold at a discount of $1.83 per barrel to brent crude oil in 2016 compared to a discount of $4.91 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable decrease of $3.08 per barrel. another example is maya crude oil (a type of sour crude oil) that sold at a discount of $8.63 per barrel to brent crude oil in 2016 compared to a discount of $9.54 per barrel in 2015, representing an unfavorable decrease of $0.91 per barrel. we estimate that the reduction in the discounts for light sweet crude oils and sour crude oils that we processed in 2016 had an unfavorable impact to our refining segment margin of approximately $900 million.
•   higher costs of biofuel credits. as more fully described in note 19 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we must purchase biofuel credits in order to meet our biofuel blending obligation under various government and regulatory compliance programs, and the cost of these credits (primarily rins in the u.s.) increased by $309 million from $440 million in 2015 to $749 million in 2016.
•   increase in charges from vlp. charges from the vlp segment for transportation and terminaling services increased $119 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to additional services provided to the refining segment using terminals acquired by vlp in 2015 and 2016. the increase in charges from vlp are more fully discussed in the vlp segment analysis below.
•   higher throughput volumes. refining throughput volumes increased by 56,000 bpd in 2016. we estimate that the increase in refining throughput volumes had a positive impact on our refining segment margin of approximately $175 million.
refining segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $35 million primarily due to an increase in refinery turnaround and catalyst amortization expense resulting from the completion of turnaround projects at several of our refineries in 2016.
ethanol segment results ethanol segment operating revenues increased $467 million and cost of materials and other increased $386 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in ethanol production and sales volumes. the resulting $81 million increase in ethanol segment margin, along with the positive effect from the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments in both years, resulted in an increase in operating income of $198 million, from $142 million in 2015 to $340 million in 2016.
excluding the adjustments reflected in the tables on page 44 from both years, adjusted operating income was $290 million in 2016 compared to $192 million in 2015, an increase of $98 million. the components of this increase are outlined below, along with the reasons for the changes in these components between the years.
•   lower corn prices. corn prices were lower in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to higher yields from the corn crop in the corn-producing regions of the u.s. mid-continent in 2016. for example, the cbot corn price was $3.58 per bushel in 2016 compared to $3.77 per bushel in 2015. we estimate that the decrease in the price of corn that we processed during 2016 had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $105 million.
•   higher ethanol prices. ethanol prices were slightly higher in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to increased ethanol demand. despite higher domestic production during 2016, inventory levels declined during the year primarily due to higher exports. for example, the new york harbor ethanol price was $1.60 per gallon in 2016 compared to $1.59 per gallon in 2015. we estimate that the increase in the price of ethanol per gallon in 2016 had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $24 million.
•   higher production volumes. ethanol segment margin was favorably impacted by increased production volumes of 15,000 gallons per day in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to improved operating efficiencies and mechanical reliability. we estimate that the increase in production volumes had a favorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $22 million.
•   lower co-product prices. a decrease in export demand for corn related co-products, primarily distillers grains, had an unfavorable effect on the prices we received. we estimate that the decrease in corn related co-product prices had an unfavorable impact to our ethanol segment margin of approximately $70 million.
ethanol segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased $33 million primarily due to a $14 million decrease in energy costs related to lower natural gas prices ($2.46 per mmbtu in 2016 compared to $2.58 per mmbtu in 2015) and a $15 million decrease in chemical costs.
ethanol segment depreciation and amortization expense associated with our cost of sales increased $16 million primarily due to a $10 million gain on the sale of certain plant assets in 2015 that was reflected in depreciation and amortization expense thereby reducing depreciation and amortization expense in 2015.
vlp segment results vlp segment operating revenues increased $119 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to incremental revenues generated from transportation and terminaling services provided to our refining segment associated with terminals acquired in 2015 and 2016. this increase in vlp segment revenues, along with a decrease in operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) between the years, resulted in an increase in operating income of $129 million, from $92 million in 2015 to $221 million in 2016. the components of this increase are outlined below, along with the reasons for the changes in these components between the years.
•   incremental throughput from acquired businesses. vlp generated incremental terminaling revenues of $124 million from services provided to the refining segment by the mckee , meraux, and three
•   lower throughput at systems owned or acquired prior to 2015. vlp experienced a decrease in throughput volumes, primarily at the port arthur logistics system as a result of planned turnaround activity at the port arthur refinery and at the mckee crude system as a result of decreased crude oil production in the texas panhandle. the decrease in throughput volumes at these systems had an unfavorable impact to vlp's operating revenues of $5 million.
vlp segment operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization expense) decreased $10 million primarily due to lower maintenance expense at the corpus christi terminal related to inspection activity in 2015.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2017
our operations generated $5.5 billion of cash in 2017. net income of $4.2 billion, net of the $1.9 billion noncash benefit from tax reform and other noncash charges of $2.1 billion, and a positive change in working capital of $1.3 billion were the primary drivers of the cash generated by our operations in 2017. other noncash charges included $2.0 billion of depreciation and amortization expense. (see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations.) the tax reform benefit and the change in our working capital are further detailed in notes 14 and 17, respectively, of notes to consolidated financial statements. the source of cash resulting from the $1.3 billion change in working capital was mainly due to:
•   an increase in accounts payable, partially offset by an increase in receivables, primarily as a result of an increase in commodity prices;
•   an increase in inventory due to higher volumes held combined with an increase in commodity prices.
the $5.5 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with borrowings of $380 million under a $750 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the vlp revolver) as discussed in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements, were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.3 billion in capital investments,which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   acquire an undivided interest in crude system assets for $72 million;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.4 billion;
•   pay distributions to noncontrolling interests of $67 million; and
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2016
our operations generated $4.8 billion of cash in 2016, driven primarily by net income of $2.4 billion, net noncash charges to income of $1.4 billion, and positive change in working capital of $976 million. noncash charges included $1.9 billion of depreciation and amortization expense, $56 million for the asset impairment loss associated with our aruba terminal, and $230 million of deferred income tax expense, partially offset by a benefit of $747 million from a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment. (see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations.) the change in our working capital is further
detailed in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements. the source of cash resulting from the $976 million change in working capital was mainly due to:
•   an increase in accounts payable, offset by an increase in receivables, primarily as a result of higher commodity prices;
the $4.8 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with $2.2 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt (including $1.25 billion of 3.4 percent senior notes due september 15, 2026, $500 million of 4.375 percent senior notes due december 15, 2026 issued by vlp, and borrowings under the vlp revolver of $349 million as discussed in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements), were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.0 billion in capital investments, which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   redeem our 6.125 percent senior notes for $778 million (or 103.70 percent of stated value) and our 7.2 percent senior notes for $213 million (or 106.27 percent of stated value);
•   make payments on debt and capital lease obligations of $525 million, of which $494 million related to borrowings under the vlp revolver, $9 million related to capital lease obligations, and $22 million related to other non-bank debt;
•   pay off a long-term liability of $137 million owed to a joint venture partner for an owner-method joint venture investment;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $1.3 billion;
•   pay distributions to noncontrolling interests of $65 million; and
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2015
our operations generated $5.6 billion of cash in 2015, driven primarily by net income of $4.1 billion and noncash charges to income of $2.8 billion. noncash charges included $1.8 billion of depreciation and amortization expense, $790 million from a lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustment, and $165 million of deferred income tax expense. (see "results of operations" for further discussion of our operations.) however, the change in our working capital during the year had a negative impact to cash generated by our operations of $1.3 billion as shown in note 17 of notes to consolidated financial statements. this use of cash mainly resulted from:
•   a decrease in accounts payable, net of a decrease in receivables, primarily as a result of a decrease in commodity prices from december 2014 to december 2015;
•   an increase in prepaid expenses and other related to income taxes receivable and a decrease in income taxes payable due to tax payments associated with the settlement of several irs audits and an overpayment of taxes in 2015. this overpayment resulted from a change in the u.s. federal tax laws late in the year that reinstated the bonus depreciation deduction, which lowered our current income tax expense; and
the $5.6 billion of cash generated by our operations, along with (i) $1.45 billion in proceeds from the issuance of debt and (ii) net proceeds of $189 million from vlp's public offering of 4,250,000 common units as discussed in note 10 of notes to consolidated financial statements, were used mainly to:
•   fund $2.4 billion in capital investments, which include capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst costs, and investments in joint ventures;
•   make payments on debt and capital lease obligations of $513 million, of which $400 million related to our 4.5 percent senior notes, $75 million related to our 8.75 percent debentures, $25 million related to the vlp revolver, $10 million related to capital lease obligations, and $3 million related to other non-bank debt;
•   purchase common stock for treasury of $2.8 billion;
capital investments we define capital investments as capital expenditures for purchases of, additions to, and improvements in our property, plant, and equipment, and turnaround and catalyst costs; and investments in joint ventures.
our operations, especially those of our refining segment, are highly capital intensive. each of our refineries comprises a large base of property assets, consisting of a series of interconnected, highly integrated and interdependent crude oil processing facilities and supporting logistical infrastructure (units), and these units are improved continuously. the cost of improvements, which consist of the addition of new units and betterments of existing units, can be significant. we have historically acquired our refineries at amounts significantly below their replacement costs, whereas our improvements are made at full replacement value. as such, the costs for improving our refinery assets increase over time and are significant in relation to the amounts we paid to acquire our refineries. we plan for these improvements by developing a multi-year capital program that is updated and revised based on changing internal and external factors.
we make improvements to our refineries in order to maintain and enhance their operating reliability, to meet environmental obligations with respect to reducing emissions and removing prohibited elements from the products we produce, or to enhance their profitability. reliability and environmental improvements generally do not increase the throughput capacities of our refineries. improvements that enhance refinery profitability may increase throughput capacity, but many of these improvements allow our refineries to process different types of crude oil and to refine crude oil into products with higher market values. therefore, many of our improvements do not increase throughput capacity significantly.
for 2018, we expect to incur approximately $2.7 billion for capital investments, but we continuously evaluate our capital budget and make changes as conditions warrant. this capital investment estimate excludes potential strategic acquisitions, including acquisitions of undivided interests.
we consolidate the financial statements of vies if we are the primary beneficiary of their operations, even though we may have no ownership interest in them. because we consolidate the financial statements of these entities, our financial statements reflect the capital expenditures they make. our statements of cash flows separately reflect the capital expenditures made by these entities (along with an equal offset of these amounts included in contributions from noncontrolling interests within financing activities) and these expenditures are not included in our $2.7 billion estimate of 2018 capital investments. see note 11 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of our vies.
2018                                                                 2019                2020                2021                2022            thereafter           total debt and capitallease obligations (a)        $161                $811              $1,319                 $58                 $60              $7,212            $9,621
other long-term liabilities                     -                 198                 219                 159                 188               1,965             2,729
(a)   debt obligations exclude amounts related to unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs. capital lease obligations include related interest expense. our debt and capital lease obligations are further described in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
debt and capital lease obligations our debt and capital lease obligations are described in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
our debt and financing agreements do not have rating agency triggers that would automatically require us to post additional collateral. however, in the event of certain downgrades of our senior unsecured debt by the ratings agencies, the cost of borrowings under some of our bank credit facilities and other arrangements would increase. all of our ratings on our senior unsecured debt are at or above investment grade level as follows:
rating rating agency                            valero                       vlp moody's investors service                baa2 (stable outlook)        baa3 (stable outlook)
fitch ratings                            bbb (stable outlook)         bbb- (stable outlook)
we cannot provide assurance that these ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction below investment grade or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing and the cost of such financings.
operating lease obligations our operating lease obligations include leases for land, office facilities and equipment, transportation equipment, time charters for ocean-going tankers and coastal vessels, dock facilities, and various facilities and equipment used in the storage, transportation, production, and sale of refinery feedstocks, refined petroleum products, and corn inventories. operating lease obligations include all operating leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable terms in excess of one year, and are not reduced by minimum rentals to be received by us under subleases.
purchase obligations a purchase obligation is an enforceable and legally binding agreement to purchase goods or services that specifies significant terms, including (i) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, (ii) fixed, minimum,
or variable price provisions, and (iii) the approximate timing of the transaction. we have various purchase obligations including industrial gas and chemical supply arrangements (such as hydrogen supply arrangements), crude oil and other feedstock supply arrangements, and various throughput and terminaling agreements. we enter into these contracts to ensure an adequate supply of utilities and feedstock and adequate storage capacity to operate our refineries. substantially all of our purchase obligations are based on market prices or adjustments based on market indices. certain of these purchase obligations include fixed or minimum volume requirements, while others are based on our usage requirements. the purchase obligation amounts shown in the preceding table include both short- and long-term obligations and are based on (a) fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and (b) fixed or estimated prices to be paid based on current market conditions.
other long-term liabilities our other long-term liabilities are described in note 7 of notes to consolidated financial statements. for purposes of reflecting amounts for other long-term liabilities in the preceding table, we made our best estimate of expected payments for each type of liability based on information available as of december 31, 2017.
summary of credit facilities information about our outstanding borrowings, letters of credit issued, and availability under our credit facilities is reflected in note 8 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements that would result in off-balance sheet liabilities.
other matters impacting liquidity and capital resources stock purchase programs on september 21, 2016, our board of directors authorized our purchase of up to an additional $2.5 billion of our outstanding common stock with no expiration date. this authorization was in addition to the remaining amount available under the 2015 program. during the first quarter of 2017, we completed our purchases under the 2015 program. as of december 31, 2017, we had $1.2 billion remaining available for purchase under the 2016 program. we have no obligation to make purchases under this program.
on january 23, 2018, our board of directors authorized our purchase of up to an additional $2.5 billion of our outstanding common stock with no expiration date.
pension plan funding we plan to contribute approximately $131 million to our pension plans, including discretionary contributions of $100 million, and $19 million to our other postretirement benefit plans during 2018.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, pollution prevention measures, ghg emissions, and characteristics and composition of gasolines and distillates. because environmental laws and regulations are becoming more complex and stringent and new environmental laws and regulations are continuously being enacted or proposed, the level of future expenditures required for environmental matters could increase in the future. in addition, any major upgrades in any of our operating facilities could require material additional expenditures to comply with environmental laws and regulations. see notes 7 and 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our environmental matters.
tax matters the irs has ongoing audits related to our u.s. federal income tax returns from 2010 through 2015, and we have received revenue agent reports (rars) in connection with the 2010 and 2011 audit. we are contesting certain tax positions and assertions included in the rars and continue to make progress in resolving certain of these matters with the irs. we believe that the ultimate settlement of these audits will not be material to our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
cash held by our international subsidiaries in conjunction with our implementation of the provisions under tax reform, which was enacted on december 22, 2017 and is more fully described in note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements, we recorded a liability in 2017 for the estimated u.s. federal tax due on the deemed repatriation of the accumulated earnings and profits of our international subsidiaries not previously distributed to us, and we will pay this liability over the eight-year period permitted by the provisions under tax reform. because of the deemed repatriation of these accumulated earnings and profits, there are no longer any u.s. federal income tax consequences associated with the repatriation of any of the $3.2 billion of cash and temporary cash investments held by our international subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017. however, certain countries in which our international subsidiaries are organized impose withholding taxes on cash distributed outside of those countries. we have accrued for withholding taxes on a portion of the cash held by one of our international subsidiaries that we have deemed to not be permanently reinvested in our operations in that country.
cash provided by operating activities in the u.s. continues to be our primary source of funds to finance our u.s. operations and capital expenditures, as well as our dividends and share repurchases.
concentration of customers our operations have a concentration of customers in the refining industry and customers who are refined petroleum product wholesalers and retailers. these concentrations of customers may impact our overall exposure to credit risk, either positively or negatively, in that these customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. however, we believe that our portfolio of accounts receivable is sufficiently diversified to the extent necessary to minimize potential credit risk. historically, we have not had any significant problems collecting our accounts receivable.
sources of liquidity we believe that we have sufficient funds from operations and, to the extent necessary, from borrowings under our credit facilities, to fund our ongoing operating requirements. we expect that, to the extent necessary, we can raise additional funds from time to time through equity or debt financings in the public and private capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. however, there can be no assurances regarding the availability of any future financings or additional credit facilities or whether such financings or additional credit facilities can be made available on terms that are acceptable to us.
new accounting pronouncements as discussed in note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements became effective january 1, 2018, or will become effective in the future. the effect on our financial statements upon adoption of these pronouncements is discussed in the above-referenced note.
critical accounting policies involving critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. actual results could differ from those estimates. the following summary provides further information about our critical accounting policies that involve critical accounting estimates, and should be read in conjunction with note 1 of notes to consolidated financial statements, which summarizes our significant accounting policies. the following accounting policies involve estimates that are considered critical due to the level of subjectivity and judgment involved, as well as the impact on our financial position and results of operations. we believe that all of our estimates are reasonable. unless otherwise noted, estimates of the sensitivity to earnings that would result from changes in the assumptions used in determining our estimates is not practicable due to the number of assumptions and contingencies involved, and the wide range of possible outcomes.
inventory valuation the cost of our inventories is principally determined under the last-in, first-out (lifo) method using the dollar-value lifo approach. our lifo inventories are carried at the lower of cost or market value and our non-lifo inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. the market value of our lifo inventories is determined based on the net realizable value of the inventories.
we compare the market value of inventories to their cost on an aggregate basis, excluding materials and supplies. in determining the market value of our inventories, we assume our refinery and ethanol feedstocks are converted into refined products, which requires us to make estimates regarding the refined products expected to be produced from those feedstocks and the conversion costs required to convert those feedstocks into refined products. we also estimate the usual and customary transportation costs required to move the inventory from our refineries and ethanol plants to the appropriate points of sale. we then apply an estimated selling price to our inventories. if the aggregate market value is less than cost, we recognize a loss for the difference in our statements of income.
the lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 are discussed in note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations by governmental authorities relating primarily to the discharge of materials into the environment, waste management, and pollution prevention measures. future legislative action and regulatory initiatives, as discussed in note 9 of notes to consolidated financial statements, could result in changes to required operating permits, additional remedial actions, or increased capital expenditures and operating costs that cannot be assessed with certainty at this time.
accruals for environmental liabilities are based on best estimates of probable undiscounted future costs over a 20-year time period using currently available technology and applying current regulations, as well as our own internal environmental policies. however, environmental liabilities are difficult to assess and estimate due to uncertainties related to the magnitude of possible remediation, the timing of such remediation, and the determination of our obligation in proportion to other parties. such estimates are subject to change due to many factors, including the identification of new sites requiring remediation, changes in environmental laws and regulations and their interpretation, additional information related to the extent and nature of remediation efforts, and potential improvements in remediation technologies.
the amount of our accruals for environmental matters as of december 31, 2017 and 2016 are included in note 7 of notes to consolidated financial statements.
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations we have significant pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities and costs that are developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, future compensation increases, and health care cost trend rates. these assumptions are disclosed and described in note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements. changes in these assumptions are primarily influenced by factors outside of our control. for example, the discount rate assumption represents a yield curve comprised of various long-term bonds that have an average rating of double-a when averaging all available ratings by the recognized rating agencies, while the expected return on plan assets is based on a compounded return calculated assuming an asset allocation that is representative of the asset mix in our pension plans. to determine the expected return on plan assets, we utilized a forward-looking model of asset returns. the historical geometric average return over the 10 years prior to december 31, 2017 was 6.29 percent. the actual return on assets for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 was 19.31 percent, 7.77 percent, and 1.46 percent, respectively. these assumptions can have a significant effect on the amounts reported in our financial statements. for example, a 0.25 percent decrease in the assumptions related to the discount rate or expected return on plan assets or a 0.25 percent increase in the assumptions related to the health care cost trend rate or rate of compensation increase would have the following effects on the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017 and net periodic benefit cost for the year ending december 31, 2018 (in millions):
pension benefits      otherpostretirementbenefits increase in projected benefit obligation resulting from:
expected return on plan assets decrease                                6              n/a compensation rate increase                                             4              n/a health care cost trend rate increase                                 n/a              -
beginning in 2016, our net periodic benefit cost is determined using the spot-rate approach. under this approach, our net periodic benefit cost is impacted by the spot rates of the corporate bond yield curve used to calculate our liability discount rate. if the yield curve were to flatten entirely and our liability discount rate remained unchanged, our net periodic benefit cost would increase by $12 million for pension benefits and $2 million for other postretirement benefits in 2018.
see note 12 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
tax matters we record tax liabilities based on our assessment of existing tax laws and regulations. a contingent loss related to an indirect tax (excise/duty, sales/use, gross receipts, and/or value-added tax) claim is recorded if the loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the recording of our tax liabilities requires significant judgments and estimates. actual tax liabilities can vary from our estimates for a variety of reasons, including different interpretations of tax laws and regulations and different determinations of the amount of tax due,
including penalties and interest. in addition, in determining our income tax provision, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets, primarily consisting of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, will be recovered through future taxable income. judgment is required in estimating the amount of a valuation allowance, if any, that should be recorded against those deferred income tax assets. if our actual results of operations differ from such estimates or our estimates of future taxable income change, the valuation allowance may need to be revised.
in addition, because of the significant and complex changes to the code from tax reform, including the need for regulatory guidance from the irs to properly account for many of the changes, we recorded income taxes for items where reasonable estimates could be made and we applied the code on a pre-tax reform basis for items where reasonable estimates could not be made, as permitted by staff accounting bulletin no. 118, "income tax accounting implications of the tax cuts and jobs act," issued by the sec. as a result, we will record the effect in 2018 for items where we were unable to make a reasonable estimate in 2017, and we may revise estimates that were recorded in 2017. these amounts could be material. see note 14 of notes to consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our tax liabilities and the impact from tax reform on those liabilities.