item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k before deciding to invest in any of our securities. if any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. in such case, the trading price of our securities, including our common stock, could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
we could lose our access to data from external sources, which could prevent us from providing our solutions.
we depend upon data from external sources, including data received from customers and various government, and public record services, for information used in our databases. in general, we do not own the information in these databases, and the participating organizations could discontinue contributing information to the databases. our data sources could withdraw or increase the price for their data for a variety of reasons, and we could also become subject to legislative, judicial, or contractual restrictions on the use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by the third parties in a way that allows us to legally use and/or process the data. in addition, some of our customers are significant stockholders of our company. specifically, a portion of common stock is owned by insurers who are also our customers. if our customers' percentage of ownership of our common stock decreases in the future, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to provide data to the same extent or on the same terms. if a substantial number of data sources, or certain key sources, were to withdraw or be unable to provide their data, or if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation or if the collection of data became uneconomical, our ability to provide solutions to our customers could be impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
agreements with our data suppliers are short-term agreements. some suppliers are also competitors, which may make us vulnerable to unpredictable price increases and may cause some suppliers not to renew certain agreements. our competitors could also enter into exclusive contracts with our data sources. if our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data, which would give our competitors an advantage. such a termination or exclusive contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results if we were unable to arrange for substitute data sources.
fraudulent or unpermitted data access and other security or privacy breaches may negatively impact our business and harm our reputation.
security breaches in our facilities, computer networks, and databases may cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss of customers. our systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar disruptive problems. as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
third-party contractors also may experience security breaches involving the storage and transmission of proprietary information. if users gain improper access to our databases, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify confidential third-party information that is stored or transmitted on our networks. our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. in addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks.
in addition, customers', employees' or other's misuse of and/or gaining unpermitted access to or failure to properly secure our information or services could cause harm to our business and reputation and result in loss of customers. any such misappropriation and/or misuse of or failure to properly secure our information could result in us, among other things, being in breach of certain data protection and related legislation.
a security or privacy breach may affect us in the following ways:
•   deterring customers from using our solutions;
•   deterring data suppliers from supplying data to us;
•   exposing us to liability;
•   affecting our ability to meet customers' expectations; and/or
•   causing inquiry from governmental authorities.
incidents in which consumer data has been fraudulently or improperly acquired or viewed, or any other security or privacy breaches, may occur and could go undetected. the number of potentially affected consumers identified by any future incidents is obviously unknown. any such incident could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
revenues derived from solutions we provide to u.s. p&c primary insurers account for a substantial portion of our total revenues. during the year ended december 31, 2017, approximately 48.9% of our revenue was derived from solutions provided to u.s. p&c primary insurers. also, invoices for certain of our solutions are linked in part to premiums in the u.s. p&c insurance market, which may rise or fall in any given year due to loss experience and capital capacity and other factors in the insurance industry that are beyond our control. in addition, our revenues will decline if the insurance industry does not continue to accept our solutions.
factors that might affect the acceptance of these solutions by p&c primary insurers include the following:
•   changes in the business analytics industry,
•   changes in technology,
•   our inability to obtain or use state fee schedule or claims data in our insurance solutions,
•   saturation of market demand,
•   loss of key customers,
•   failure to execute our customer-focused selling approach.
a downturn in the insurance industry, pricing pressure or lower acceptance of our solutions by the insurance industry could result in a decline in revenues from that industry and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences, and we may not be successful in achieving growth through acquisitions.
our long-term business strategy includes growth through acquisitions. future acquisitions may not be completed on acceptable terms and acquired assets, data or businesses may not be successfully integrated into our operations, and we may ultimately divest unsuccessful investments. any acquisitions or investments will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in the acquisitions of businesses. such risks include, among other things:
•   failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies,
•   paying more than fair market value for an acquired company or assets,
•   failing to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses in an efficient, timely manner,
•   assuming potential liabilities of an acquired company,
•   managing the potential disruption to our ongoing business,
•   distracting management focus from our core businesses,
•   failing to retain management at the acquired company,
•   difficulty in acquiring suitable businesses, including challenges in predicting the value an acquisition will ultimately contribute to our business,
•   possibility of overpaying for acquisitions, particularly those with significant intangible assets that derive value using novel tools and/or are involved in niche markets,
•   impairing relationships with employees, customers, and strategic partners,
•   incurring expenses associated with the amortization of intangible assets particularly for intellectual property and other intangible assets,
•   incurring expenses associated with an impairment of all or a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to changes in market conditions, weak economies in certain competitive markets, or the failure of certain acquisitions to realize expected benefits, and
•   diluting the share value and voting power of existing stockholders.
the anticipated benefits of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. future acquisitions or dispositions could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our financial condition.
we typically fund our acquisitions through our debt facilities. although we have capacity under committed facilities, those may not be sufficient. therefore, future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional financing through debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all and could result in dilution.
in addition, to the extent we cannot identify or consummate, on terms acceptable to us, acquisitions that are complementary or otherwise attractive to our business, we may experience difficulty in achieving future growth.
there may be consolidation in our end customer market, which could reduce the use of our services.
mergers or consolidations among our customers could reduce the number of our customers and potential customers. this could adversely affect our revenues even if these events do not reduce the aggregate number of customers or the activities of the consolidated entities. if our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. the adverse effects of consolidation will be greater in sectors that we are particularly dependent upon, for example, in the p&c insurance sector. any of these developments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
if we are unable to develop successful new solutions or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new solutions, our business could suffer serious harm.
our growth and success depends upon our ability to develop and sell new solutions. if we are unable to develop new solutions, or if we are not successful in introducing and/or obtaining regulatory approval or acceptance for new solutions, or products we develop face sufficient pricing pressure to make them unattractive to pursue, we may not be able to grow our business, or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. in addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new solutions may affect market acceptance of our solutions and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. in the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new solutions, primarily due to difficulties in developing models, acquiring data and adapting to particular operating environments. errors or defects in our solutions that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our solutions, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims.
we will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed.
our success depends, in part, upon our intellectual property rights. to date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and distribution to protect our proprietary technology. this protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. in addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. businesses we acquire also often involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges we face in protecting our strategic advantage. any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. our protection of our intellectual property rights in the u.s. or abroad may not be adequate and others, including our competitors, may use our proprietary technology without our consent. furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we could face claims for intellectual property infringement, which if successful could restrict us from using and providing our technologies and solutions to our customers.
there has been substantial litigation and other proceedings, particularly in the u.s., regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the information technology industry. there is a risk that we are infringing, or may in the future infringe, the intellectual property rights of third parties. we monitor third-party patents and patent applications that may be relevant to our technologies and solutions and we carry out freedom to operate analysis where we deem appropriate. however, such monitoring and analysis has not been, and is unlikely in the future to be, comprehensive, and it may not be possible to detect all potentially relevant patents and patent applications. since the patent application process can take several years to complete, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, that may later result in issued patents that cover our products and technologies. as a result, we may infringe existing and future third-party patents of which we are not aware. as we expand our operations there is a higher risk that such activity could infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties.
third-party intellectual property infringement claims and any resultant litigation against us or our technology partners or providers, could subject us to liability for damages, restrict us from using and providing our technologies and solutions or operating our business generally, or require changes to be made to our technologies and solutions. even if we prevail, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and would result in the diversion of management's time and attention.
if a successful claim of infringement is brought against us and we fail to develop non-infringing technologies and solutions or to obtain licenses on a timely and cost effective basis, this could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
regulatory developments could negatively impact our business.
because personal, public and non-public information is stored in some of our databases, we are vulnerable to government regulation and adverse publicity concerning the use of our data. we provide many types of data and services that already are subject to regulation under the fair credit reporting act, gramm-leach-bliley act, driver's privacy protection act, the european union's data protection directive and its successor the general data protection regulation, the dodd frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and to a lesser extent, various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. these laws and regulations are designed to protect the privacy of the public and to prevent the misuse of personal information in the marketplace. however, many consumer advocates, privacy advocates, and government regulators believe that the existing laws and regulations do not adequately protect privacy. they have become increasingly concerned with the use of personal information, particularly social security numbers, department of motor vehicle data and dates of birth. as a result, they are lobbying for further restrictions on the dissemination or commercial use of personal information to the public and private sectors. similar initiatives are under way in other countries in which we do business or from which we source data. in addition, on october 6, 2015 the court of justice of the european union, or e.u., invalidated the safe harbor provisions used by the company and numerous other u.s. businesses to comply with e.u.'s data protection directive 95/46/ec. the company has implemented various measures to comply with the data protection directive and the forthcoming general data protection regulation, however, there can be no assurances that such methods will not be invalidated as well. if the company is unable to comply with the transfer mechanisms adopted pursuant to the data protection directive and the forthcoming general data protection regulation, it will impede the ability to conduct business between the u.s. and the e.u. which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
the following legal and regulatory developments also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows:
•   amendment, enactment, or interpretation of laws and regulations which restrict the access and use of personal information and reduce the supply of data available to customers;
•   changes in cultural and consumer attitudes to favor further restrictions on information collection and sharing, which may lead to regulations that prevent full utilization of our solutions;
•   failure of our solutions to comply with current laws and regulations; and
•   failure of our solutions to adapt to changes in the regulatory environment in an efficient, cost-effective manner.
we typically face a long selling cycle to secure new contracts that require significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships.
we typically face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract and there is generally a long preparation period in order to commence providing the services. we typically incur significant business development expenses during the selling cycle and we may not succeed in winning a new customer's business, in which case we receive no revenues and may receive no reimbursement for such expenses. even if we succeed in developing a relationship with a potential new customer, we may not be successful in obtaining contractual commitments after the selling cycle or in maintaining contractual commitments after the implementation cycle, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may lose key business assets, through the loss of data center capacity or the interruption of telecommunications links, the internet, or power sources, which could significantly impede our ability to do business.
our operations depend on our ability, as well as that of third-party service providers to whom we have outsourced several critical functions, to protect data centers and related technology against damage from hardware failure, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, impacts of terrorism, breaches in security (such as the actions of computer hackers), natural disasters, or other disasters. certain of our facilities are located in areas that could be impacted by coastal flooding, earthquakes or other disasters. the online services we provide are dependent on links to telecommunications providers. in addition, we generate a significant amount of our revenues through telesales centers and websites that we utilize in the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of solutions and services and responding to customer inquiries. we may not have sufficient redundant operations to cover a loss or failure in all of these areas in a timely manner. certain of our customer contracts provide that our online servers may not be unavailable for specified periods of time. any damage to our data centers, failure of our telecommunications links or inability to access these telesales centers or websites could cause interruptions in operations that materially adversely affect our ability to meet customers' requirements, resulting in decreased revenue, operating income and earnings per share.
we are subject to competition in many of the markets in which we operate and we may not be able to compete effectively.
some markets in which we operate or which we believe may provide growth opportunities for us are highly competitive, and are expected to remain highly competitive. we compete on the basis of quality, customer service, product and service selection, and pricing. our competitive position in various market segments depends upon the relative strength of competitors in the segment and the resources devoted to competing in that segment. due to their size, certain competitors may be able to allocate greater resources to a particular market segment than we can. as a result, these competitors may be in a better position to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences, emerging technologies and market trends. in addition, new competitors and alliances may emerge to take market share away, and as we enter into new lines of business, due to acquisition or otherwise, we face competition from new players with different competitive dynamics. we may be unable to maintain our competitive position in our market segments, especially against larger competitors. we may also invest further to upgrade our systems in order to compete. if we fail to successfully compete, our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected.
to the extent the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information increases, the demand for some of our solutions may decrease.
public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become increasingly available recently, particularly through the internet, and this trend is expected to continue. governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access. public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce the demand for our solutions. to the extent that customers choose not to obtain solutions from us and instead rely on information obtained at little or no cost from these public sources, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our financial position may be impacted by audit examinations or changes in tax laws or tax rulings.
our existing corporate structure and tax positions have been implemented in a manner in which we believe is compliant with current prevailing tax laws. however, changes in existing tax laws or rulings, including federal, state and international, could have a significant impact on our effective tax rate, cash tax positions and deferred tax assets and liabilities. audit examinations with an adverse outcome could have a negative effect in the jurisdictions in which we operate. furthermore, the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) released its base erosion and profit shifting (beps) action plans which may also lead to future tax reform that could affect our results. in addition, our tax positions are impacted by fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries in which we do business.
our senior leadership team is critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could harm our business.
our future success substantially depends on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior leadership team. these personnel possess business and technical capabilities that are difficult to replace.
however, as a general practice we do not enter into employee contracts with the members of our senior management operating team, except for certain limited situations. if we lose key members of our senior management operating team, we may not be able to effectively manage our current operations or meet ongoing and future business challenges, and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may fail to attract and retain enough qualified employees to support our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and service our customers.
our business relies on large numbers of skilled employees and our success depends on our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. if our attrition rate increases, our operating efficiency and productivity may decrease. we compete for employees not only with other companies in our industry, but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies, and there is a limited pool of employees who have the skills and training needed to do our work.
if our business continues to grow, the number of people we will need to hire will increase. we will also need to increase our hiring if we are not able to maintain our attrition rate through our current recruiting and retention policies. increased competition for employees could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and service our customers, as well as cause us to incur greater personnel expenses and training costs.
we are subject to antitrust, consumer protection and other litigation, and may in the future become further subject to such litigation; an adverse outcome in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues and profitability.
we participate in businesses (particularly insurance-related businesses and services) that are subject to substantial litigation, including antitrust and consumer protection litigation. in addition, our insurance specialists are in the business of providing advice on standard contract terms, which if challenged could expose us to substantial reputational harm and possible liability. we are subject to the provisions of a 1995 settlement agreement in an antitrust lawsuit brought by various state attorneys general and private plaintiffs, which imposes certain constraints with respect to insurer involvement in our governance and business. we currently are defending against putative class action lawsuits in which it is alleged that certain of our subsidiaries unlawfully have conspired with insurers with respect to their payment of insurance claims. see "item 3. legal proceedings." our failure to successfully defend or settle such litigation could result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues and profitability. given the nature of our business, we may be subject to similar litigation in the future. even if the direct financial impact of such litigation is not material, settlements or judgments arising out of such litigation could include further restrictions on our ability to conduct business, including potentially the elimination of entire lines of business, which could increase our cost of doing business and limit our prospects for future growth.
general economic, political and market forces and dislocations beyond our control could reduce demand for our solutions and harm our business.
the demand for our solutions may be impacted by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including macroeconomic, political and market conditions, the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, currency exchange rates, and inflation. any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity and prices in the securities markets generally and could result in a reduction in demand for our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. a significant additional decline in the value of assets for which risk is transferred in market transactions could have an adverse impact on the demand for our solutions.
we incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with the acquisition of wood mackenzie.
in order to finance acquisitions, which are an important part of our long term growth strategy, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness and such increased leverage could adversely affect our business. in particular, the increased leverage could increase our vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing and limit our ability to pursue other operational and strategic opportunities. the increased leverage, potential lack of access to financing and increased expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
general economic uncertainties, including downward trends in the energy industry, could reduce demand by wood mackenzie's customers for its products and services.
demand for wood mackenzie's products and services may be negatively influenced by general economic uncertainties, particularly any downward trends in the energy industry. many factors could negatively affect the revenues, profits and discretionary spending of wood mackenzie's customers. such factors include commodity prices (in particular, oil and coal), the state of the local economy, interest rates, currency exchange rates, political uncertainty or restrictions and regulations, the availability of industry resources, and other matters. a downturn or perceived downturn in the economy,
particularly the energy industry, could add pricing pressure, delay subscription renewals or lead to more challenging or protracted fee negotiations or generally lower acceptance of our solutions by wood mackenzie's customers, which could cause a decline in our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to additional risks inherent in international operations.
wood mackenzie is based in the united kingdom, or u.k., and conducts its principal operations outside the u.s. as a result, the percentage of our revenues generated outside of the u.s. has increased materially. conducting extensive international operations subjects us to risks that are inherent in international operations, including challenges posed by different pricing environments and different forms of competition; lack of familiarity and burdens of complying with foreign laws, legal standards, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties, or other trade restrictions; differing technology standards; difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; varying expectations as to employee standards; potentially adverse tax consequences, including possible restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; and reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. moreover, international operations could be interrupted and negatively affected by economic changes, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war, and other economic or political uncertainties. all of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to the increased risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
the revenues and costs of wood mackenzie are primarily denominated in pound sterling. as a result of our acquisition of wood mackenzie, we face greater exposure to movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations. our operating results could be negatively affected depending on the amount of revenue and expense denominated in foreign currencies. as exchange rates vary, revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses, and other operating results, when remeasured in u.s. dollars, may differ materially from expectations. although we may apply certain strategies to mitigate foreign currency risk, these strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and would involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategies and potential accounting implications.
economic and political instability and potential unfavorable changes in laws and regulations resulting from the u.k.'s exit from the e.u. could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the results of the referendum on june 23, 2016 in the u.k., to exit the e.u., which is commonly referred to as "brexit," and to potentially significantly change the u.k.'s relationship with the e.u. and the laws and regulations impacting business conducted between the u.k. and e.u. countries could disrupt the overall stability of the e.u. given the diverse economic and political circumstances of individual e.u. countries and negatively impact our european operations. an immediate consequence of the brexit vote was an adverse impact to global markets, including currency markets which experienced a sharp drop in the value of the british pound.  longer term, brexit will require negotiations regarding the future terms of the u.k.'s relationship with the e.u., which could result in the u.k. losing access to certain aspects of the single e.u. market and the global trade deals negotiated by the e.u. on behalf of its members. the brexit vote and the perceptions as to the impact of the withdrawal of the u.k. may adversely affect business activity, political stability and economic conditions in the u.k., the e.u. and elsewhere, the impact of which could have an adverse effect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market, or the perception that these sales could occur. these sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem attractive. as of december 31, 2017, our ten largest shareholders owned 41.0% of our common stock, including 4.4% of our common stock owned by our employee stock ownership plan or esop. such stockholders are able to sell their common stock in the public market from time to time without registration, and subject to limitations on the timing, amount and method of those sales imposed by securities laws. if any of these stockholders were to sell a large number of their common stock, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. in addition, the perception in the public markets that sales by them might occur could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
pursuant to our equity incentive plans, options to purchase approximately 8,703,249 shares of common stock were outstanding as of february 16, 2018. we filed a registration statement under the securities act, which covers the shares
available for issuance under our equity incentive plans (including for such outstanding options) as well as shares held for resale by our existing stockholders that were previously issued under our equity incentive plans. such further issuance and resale of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to decline.
also, in the future, we may issue our securities in connection with investments and acquisitions. the amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then outstanding common stock.
our capital structure, level of indebtedness and the terms of anti-takeover provisions under delaware law and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could diminish the value of our common stock and could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult or could impede an attempt to replace or remove our directors.
we are a delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the delaware general corporation law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. in addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable or make it more difficult for stockholders to replace directors even if stockholders consider it beneficial to do so. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws:
•   prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors,
•   require that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly-created directorships, be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office,
•   limit who may call special meetings of stockholders,
•   prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders, and
•   establish advance notice requirements for nominating candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law may inhibit potential acquisition bids for us. as a public company, we are subject to section 203, which regulates corporate acquisitions and limits the ability of a holder of 15.0% or more of our stock from acquiring the rest of our stock. under delaware law, a corporation may opt out of the anti-takeover provisions, but we do not intend to do so.
these provisions may prevent a stockholder from receiving the benefit from any premium over the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a potential takeover. even in the absence of an attempt to effect a change in management or a takeover attempt, these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "selected consolidated financial data." this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those listed under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements."
we enable our customers to make better decisions about risk, investments, and operations with greater precision, efficiency, and discipline. we also help customers across the globe protect and grow the value of people, property and financial assets. we provide value to our customers by supplying proprietary data that, combined with our analytic methods, creates embedded decision support solutions. we are one of the largest aggregators and providers of data pertaining to u.s. property and casualty, or p&c, insurance risks. we offer predictive analytics and decision support solutions to customers in rating, underwriting, claims, catastrophe and weather risk, global risk analytics, natural resources intelligence, and many other fields. refer to item 1. business for further discussion.
our customers use our solutions to make better decisions with greater efficiency and discipline. we refer to these products and services as "solutions" due to the integration among our products and the flexibility that enables our customers to purchase components or the comprehensive package of products. these solutions take various forms, including data, statistical models or tailored analytics, all designed to allow our customers to make more logical decisions. we believe our solutions for analyzing risk positively impact our customers' revenues and help them better manage their costs.
we organize our business in two segments: decision analytics and risk assessment. our decision analytics segment provides solutions to our customer in insurance, energy and specialized markets, and financial services. our decision analytics segment revenues represented approximately 64.1% and 63.7% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. our risk assessment segment provides statistical, actuarial and underwriting data for the u.s. p&c insurance industry. our risk assessment segment revenues represented 35.9% and 36.3% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
on june 1, 2016, we sold our healthcare business, verisk health. results of operations for the healthcare business are reported as discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 and for all prior periods presented. see note 9 of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k. as necessary, the amounts have been retroactively adjusted in all periods presented to give recognition to the discontinued operations.
executive summary key performance metrics we believe our business's ability to grow recurring revenue and generate positive cash flow is the key indicator of the successful execution of our business strategy. we use year-over-year revenue and ebitda growth as metrics to measure our performance. ebitda and ebitda margin are non-gaap financial measures (see note 2 within item 6. selected financial data section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations). the respective gaap financial measures are net income and net income margin.
revenue growth. we use year-over-year revenue growth as a key performance metric. we assess revenue growth based on our ability to generate increased revenue through increased sales to existing customers, sales to new customers, sales of new or expanded solutions to existing and new customers, and strategic acquisitions of new businesses.
ebitda growth. we use ebitda growth as a proxy for the cash generated by the business. ebitda growth serves as a measure of our ability to balance the size of revenue growth with cost management and investing for future growth.
ebitda margin. we use ebitda margin as a metric to assess segment performance and scalability of our business. we assess ebitda margin based on our ability to increase revenues while controlling expense growth.
revenues we earn revenues through subscriptions, long-term agreements and on a transactional basis, recurring and non-recurring. subscriptions for our solutions are generally paid in advance of rendering services either quarterly or in full upon commencement of the subscription period, which is usually for one year and automatically renewed each year. as a result, the timing of our cash flows generally precedes our recognition of revenues and income and our cash flow from operations tends to be higher in the first quarter as we receive subscription payments. examples of these arrangements include subscriptions that allow our customers to access our standardized coverage language, our claims fraud database or our actuarial services throughout the subscription period. in general, we experience minimal revenue seasonality within the business. our long-term agreements are generally for periods of three to five years. we recognize revenue from subscriptions ratably over the term of the subscription and most long-term agreements are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement.
certain of our solutions are also paid for by our customers on a transactional basis. for example, we have solutions that allow our customers to obtain property-specific rating and underwriting information to price a policy on a commercial building, or compare a p&c insurance, medical or workers' compensation claim with information in our databases. we also provide advisory services, which help our customers get more value out of our analytics and their subscriptions. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, 19.2% and 16.5% of our revenues were derived from providing transactional recurring and non-recurring solutions, respectively. we earn these revenues as our solutions are delivered or services performed. in general, they are billed monthly at the end of each month.
for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, 75.2% and 78.6% of the revenues in our decision analytics segment were derived from subscriptions and long-term agreements for our solutions, respectively. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, 90.8% and 92.0% of the revenues in our risk assessment segment were derived from subscriptions and long-term agreements for our solutions, respectively. our customers in this segment include most of the p&c insurance providers in the u.s.
principal operating costs and expenses personnel expenses are a major component of both our cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses. personnel expenses, which represented 50.1% and 47.7% of our total expenses for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, include salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, equity compensation costs, sales commissions, employment taxes, recruiting costs, and outsourced temporary agency costs.
we allocate personnel expenses between two categories, cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative costs, based on the actual costs associated with each employee. we categorize employees who maintain our solutions as cost of revenues, and all other personnel, including executive managers, sales people, marketing, business development, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative services, as selling, general and administrative expenses. a significant portion of our other operating costs, such as facilities and communications, are either captured within cost of revenues or selling, general and administrative expense based on the nature of the work being performed.
while we expect to grow our headcount over time to take advantage of our market opportunities, we believe that the economies of scale in our operating model will allow us to grow our personnel expenses at a lower rate than revenues.
historically, our ebitda margin has improved because we have been able to increase revenues without a proportionate corresponding increase in expenses. however, part of our corporate strategy is to invest in new solutions, which may offset margin expansion.
cost of revenues. our cost of revenues consists primarily of personnel expenses. cost of revenues also includes the expenses associated with the acquisition and verification of data, the maintenance of our existing solutions and the development and enhancement of our next-generation solutions. our cost of revenues excludes depreciation and amortization.
selling, general and administrative expense. our selling, general and administrative expense also consists primarily of personnel costs. a portion of the other operating costs such as facilities, insurance and communications are allocated to selling, general and administrative costs based on the nature of the work being performed by the employee. our selling, general and administrative expenses excludes depreciation and amortization.
trends affecting our business we serve customers in three primary vertical markets: p&c insurance, energy, and financial services. the industry trends in each of those markets can affect our business.
a significant change in p&c insurers' profitability could affect the demand for our solutions. for insurers, the keys to profitability include increasing investment income, premium growth and disciplined underwriting of risks. investment income remains under pressure as a result of low interest rates. growth in p&c insurers' direct written premiums is cyclical, with total industry premium growth receding from a peak of 14.8% in 2002 to a trough of negative 3.1% in 2009 and subsequently recovering to 4.4% in 2012, 4.3% in 2013, 4.4% in 2014, 3.7% in 2015 and 3.7% in 2016. in recent years, we have signed multi-year contracts with certain customers, and pricing is fixed at the beginning of each multi-year period; pricing for other customers is still linked to prior years' premiums.
based on our experience, insurers more closely scrutinize their spending in periods of more challenging growth and tend to focus on making an underwriting profit. in addition, 2017 has been a challenging year for insurers with the catastrophe losses related to the three major hurricanes - harvey, irma, and maria - making landfall in the u.s. in the third quarter 2017 causing insurance industry's net income to decline. these events also illustrate the need for broader coverages, such as flood to meet the changing needs of communities. we continue to provide the necessary resources to meet insurer needs.
trends in catastrophe and non-catastrophe weather losses can have an effect on our customers' profitability, and therefore on their appetite for buying analytics to help them manage their risks. any increase or decrease in frequency or severity of weather events over time could lead to an increased or decreased demand for our catastrophe modeling, catastrophe loss information, and repair cost solutions. likewise, any structural changes in the reinsurance and related brokerage industry from the recent influx of alternative capital or newer technologies could affect demand for our products. we also have a portion of our revenue related to the number of claims processed due to losses, which can be impacted by seasonal storm activity. the need by our customers to fight insurance fraud - both in claims and at policy inception - could lead to increased demand for our underwriting and claims solutions.
trends in the energy, chemicals, and metals and mining sectors and activity in financial markets can influence our revenues. during 2017, oil prices showed a modest improvement and we expect a continued sense of optimism in the energy markets in 2018. in the upstream sector there are five global trends. first, capital investments are anticipated to grow moderately in 2018, signaling an end to the period of reductions since 2014. second, there is a surge in tight oil production in 2018 driven by a considerable increase from the permian basin in the u.s. (a region benefiting from new fracking production technology). third, over-supplies in the service sector provide an opportunity for operators to lock in prices below historical market rates. fourth, opportunities from discovered resources and exploration have been increasingly undertaken. several middle eastern countries expect to award significant contracts to further develop discovered resources. in addition, there will likely be growing interest in latin american opportunities. fifth, many countries are reviewing their existing fiscal policies to ensure that they are competitive, as well as developing new terms to attract investment in new opportunities. in terms of the wider energy sector, we foresee the continued growth of the electric vehicle market, albeit from a low base, which is anticipated to develop into one of the most disruptive forces in the sector. falling renewable energy costs around the world will also underpin the ongoing shift towards a low carbon economy. we will continue to evolve our offerings to meet the needs of our customers in a dynamic market and remain increasingly well positioned to serve our customers' information and analytical needs.
market trends continue to influence our financial services vertical in important ways.  as we look forward towards 2018, increasing trends in delinquency and fraud rates have resulted in an increased demand for robust risk solutions. in order to better serve our customers, add to our data asset, and expand our expertise, we made a number of strategic acquisitions in the
past year, most importantly (1) g2, which provides merchant risk intelligence solutions for acquirers, commercial banks and their value chain partners. g2 provides solutions to manage and monitor merchant and business risk within an increasingly complex payments ecosystem using advanced artificial intelligence technologies combined with expert analysts. (2) lci, a company that provides bankruptcy management solutions to improve customer's profitability through recovery of bankrupt accounts while protecting the customer's brand by conforming to industry compliance. lci maintains bankruptcy data (servicing more than 1.3 billion accounts), bankruptcy process automation software, expert services, and research to automate expensive processes in the bankruptcy lifecycle. (3) fintellix, a company that provides risk and regulatory reporting solutions to enterprise banks at a significantly lower cost of compliance, as well as jumpstarting analytics capabilities in smaller and regional banks. we stand confident of our position with these acquisitions, with the proprietary data and solutions we offer, to help our customers achieve their business and regulatory objectives.
description of acquisitions we acquired twenty-one businesses since january 1, 2015. these acquisitions affect the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between periods. see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussions on the below acquisitions.
2017 acquisitions on december 29, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of poweradvocate, inc., or poweradvocate, a provider of market, cost intelligence, and supply chain solutions serving the energy sector. within our decision analytics segment, poweradvocate expands our offerings to the energy sector by adding proprietary spend data and cost models and providing insight into customers' cost savings opportunities.
on december 22, 2017, we acquired the net assets of service software, llc., or service software, a provider of business management software for the construction industry. within our decision analytics segment, service software expands our offerings to the insurance sector by integrating with the existing loss quantification solutions, which makes it possible for restoration professionals to save time by sharing job information, reducing duplicate data entry, and increasing productivity.
on november 9, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of rebmark legal solutions ltd., or rebmark, a provider of injury claims solutions, within the decision analytics segment. rebmark's solutions aid claimant and defendant lawyers, barristers, and claims handlers with the preparation of schedules of loss, which is useful in complex, high-value injury claims where calculations can be time-consuming and there is greater potential for error.
on august 31, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of lundquist consulting, inc., or lci, a provider of risk insight, prediction, and management solutions for banks and creditors. lci has become part of the financial services vertical within the decision analytics segment. this acquisition brings together our proprietary data assets and lci's proprietary time-series data, including consumer and commercial bankruptcies, consumer behavior, and legal and technical terms associated with debtor settlements.
on august 23, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of sequel business solutions ltd., or sequel, a provider of commercial and specialty insurance and reinsurance software based in the u.k. sequel has become part of the insurance vertical within the decision analytics segment. the acquisition of sequel further enhances our comprehensive offerings to the global complex commercial and specialty insurance industry, enabling integrated global data analytics through a specialized end-to-end workflow solution.
on august 3, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of g2 web services llc, or g2, a provider of merchant risk intelligence solutions for acquirers, commercial banks, and other payment system providers. g2 has become part of the financial services vertical within the decision analytics segment. the acquisition of g2 positions us to further enhance our offerings to clients and partners, by providing solutions that help fight fraud, transaction laundering, and reputational risk within the global payments and e-commerce ecosystem.
during the three months ended june 30, 2017, we acquired the net assets of blue skies consulting, llc, controlcam, llc, krawietz aerial photography, llc, richard crouse & associates, inc., rocky mountain aerial surveys, inc., skyview aerial photo, inc., and valley air photos, llc , altogether the aerial imagery acquisitions, a group of similar but unrelated companies, which give us broad geographic coverage of the u.s. for aerial image capture purposes. the aerial imagery acquisitions provide multi-spectral aerial photographic services with expertise in offering digital photogrammetric and remote sensing data for mapping and surveying applications. within our decision analytics segment, the aerial imagery acquisitions enable us to enhance and maintain its database of images with the required frequency, resolution, and coverage across the u.s. to support our objective as the leading provider of loss quantification data, analytics, and decision-support solutions to the insurance industry, and the photogrammetry, surveying, mapping, and other related markets.
on may 19, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of make consulting a/s, or make, a research and advisory business specializing in wind power. make has become part of the energy and specialized markets vertical within the decision analytics segment. make enhances our offering to existing customers and forms a market analysis and advisory consortium on renewables and the transformation of the global electricity industry. with detailed coverage of power market fundamentals, solar, wind, energy storage, and grid edge technologies, the energy and specialized markets vertical is positioned to bring customers market analysis and insight on the evolution of the energy landscape and provide a comprehensive platform for the future.
on march 31, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of fintellix solutions private limited, or fintellix, a bangalore-based data solutions company specializing in the development of data management platforms and regulatory reporting solutions for financial institutions. fintellix has become part of the financial services vertical within the decision analytics segment. the acquisition of fintellix positions us to expand the data hosting and regulatory platforms and better address the increasingly complex needs of its customers.
on february 24, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of emergent network intelligence limited, or eni, a developer in insurance claims efficiency and fraud detection solutions based in the u.k.. with the acquisition of eni within the decision analytics segment, our customers in the u.k. can take advantage of technologically advanced tools that allow them to improve motor vehicle claims workflow and reduce their costs and exposure to fraud.
on february 16, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of healix international holdings limited, or healix, a software analytics provider in automated medical risk assessment for the travel insurance industry. healix is within our risk assessment segment. the acquisition further expands our offerings for the global insurance industry, providing solutions that are embedded with customer workflows and can help underwrite medical coverage for travelers with greater speed, accuracy, and efficiency.
on january 21, 2017, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of arium limited, or arium. arium specializes in liability risk modeling and decision support. arium has become part of the insurance vertical within the decision analytics segment, and enables us to provide its customers with additional modeling solutions and analytics for the casualty market.
2016 acquisitions on november 23, 2016, we acquired the net assets of intellistance, llc, or marketstance, a provider of market intelligence data and analytics to the property/casualty insurance market. marketstance has become part of our risk assessment segment. marketstance has built a proprietary analytics model to provide actionable insights on customer's profitability that enhances our existing offerings.
on november 11, 2016, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of the geoinformation group limited, or geoinformation, a provider of geographic data solutions. geoinformation offers mapping services and geospatial data and analytic solutions to companies and public sector organizations. geoinformation's resources complement the risk management and predictive analytics capabilities internationally within the risk assessment segment.
on october 20, 2016, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of analyze re, inc., or analyze re, a software analytics provider for the reinsurance and insurance industries. analyze re has become part of our insurance vertical within the decision analytics segment and enables us to provide our customers with additional real-time pricing, exposure management, and enterprise portfolio roll-up capabilities.
on august 19, 2016, we acquired the net assets of data and subscriptions business of quest offshore resources, inc, or quest offshore, which supplies market intelligence to the offshore oil and gas sector. the data and subscriptions business has become part of the energy vertical within the decision analytics segment and complements its existing upstream analysis expertise.
on july 26, 2016, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of greentech media, inc., or greentech media, an information services provider for the electricity and renewables sector. greentech media has become part of the energy vertical within the decision analytics segment and enables us to provide our customers with market intelligence across several categories, including solar generation, energy storage, and smart grids that react to changes in supply and demand.
on april 14, 2016, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of risk intelligence ireland limited, or rii, a provider of fraud detection, compliance, risk control, and process automation services to the irish insurance industry. rii enhances the ability of our risk assessment segment to serve the international insurance market.
2015 acquisitions on november 20, 2015, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of the pci group, or pci. pci is a consortium of five specialist companies that offer integrated data and subscriptions research in the chemicals, fibers, films, and plastics sectors. pci has become part of the energy vertical, and continues to provide services to enhance our chemicals capabilities in the decision analytics segment.
on november 6, 2015, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of infield systems limited, or infield. infield is a provider of business intelligence, analysis, and research to the oil, gas, and associated marine industries. infield has become part of the energy vertical and continues to provide services to enhance our upstream and supply chain capabilities in the decision analytics segment.
on may 19, 2015, we acquired 100 percent of the stock of wood mackenzie. wood mackenzie is a global provider of data analytics and commercial intelligence for the energy, chemicals, metals and mining verticals. this acquisition advances our strategy to expand internationally and positions ourselves in the global energy market. wood mackenzie is included in the energy and specialized markets vertical, formerly named the specialized markets vertical, of the decision analytics segment.
description of discontinued operations on june 1, 2016, we sold our healthcare business, verisk health, for a price of $714.6 million. results of operations for the healthcare business are reported as discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2016 and for all prior periods presented. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
consolidated results of continuing operations revenues revenues were $2,145.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $1,995.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $150.0 million or 7.5%. excluding revenues of $61.3 million from rii, greentech media, quest offshore, analyze re, geoinformation, marketstance, arium, healix, eni, fintellix, make, aerial imagery acquisitions, g2, sequel, lci, rebmark, and service software, collectively referred to as our recent acquisitions, our revenue growth was $88.7 million or 4.5%. revenues within our decision analytics segment, excluding our recent acquisitions of greentech media, quest offshore, analyze re, arium, eni, fintellix, make, aerial imagery acquisitions, g2, sequel, lci, rebmark, and service software, increased by $54.7 million or 4.3%. revenue growth within decision analytics was primarily driven by our insurance categories. revenues in our risk assessment segment, excluding our recent acquisitions of rii, geoinformation, marketstance, and healix increased by $34.0 million or 4.7%. both types of categories within risk assessment, industry-standard insurance programs and property-specific rating and underwriting information, contributed to its revenue growth. refer to the results of continuing operations by segment within this section for further information regarding our revenues.
cost of revenues cost of revenues was $783.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $714.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $69.4 million or 9.7%. our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $45.3 million in cost of revenues, primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $24.1 million or 3.4%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits cost of $30.7 million, data costs and data processing fees of $6.1 million, information technology expense of $1.7 million and other operating costs of $0.1 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in a nonrecurring esop charge of $14.5 million which occurred in 2016. the esop charge was related to the stretch-out of our esop loan, which was paid off in 2015.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, or sga, were $322.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $301.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $21.2 million or 7.0%. our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $13.7 million in sga, primarily related to salaries and employee benefits and transaction costs. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, sga increased $7.5 million or 2.5%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $8.8 million, professional consulting fees of $4.0 million and other general and administrative of $0.2 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in information technology expense of $1.2 million and a 2016 esop charge of $4.3 million.
depreciation and amortization of fixed assets depreciation and amortization of fixed assets was $135.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $119.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $16.5 million or 13.8%. the increase in depreciation and amortization of fixed assets includes depreciation and amortization related to our recent acquisitions of $3.8 million. the remaining increase primarily relates to depreciation and amortization of hardware and software development costs placed into production to support data capacity expansion and revenue growth.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets was $101.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $92.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $9.3 million or 10.1%. the increase in amortization of intangible assets was primarily related to our recent acquisitions of $13.5 million offset by currency fluctuations impacting amortization denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
investment income and others, net investment income and others, net was a gain of $9.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $6.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $3.1 million. the increase was primarily related to an increase in interest income of $5.1 million generated from the subordinated promissory note associated with the divestiture of our healthcare business. this increase was offset by a gain on sale of equity investments of $1.5 million in 2016.
interest expense interest expense was $119.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $120.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $0.6 million or 0.5%. as a result of the second amendment to the credit facility in may 2016, which reduced the borrowing capacity from $1,750.0 million to $1,500.0 million.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $135.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $202.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $66.3 million or 32.8%. the effective tax rate was 19.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 30.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to lowered federal income tax rates as a result of u.s. tax reform and the adoption of asu no. 2016-09, partially offset by legislation enacted in the u.k.
net income the net income margin for our consolidated results, including discontinued operations, was 25.9% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 28.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016. our net income margin for the year ended december 31, 2017 was positively impacted by the 2017 tax reform legislation of 4.2%. our net income margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business of 5.5% and lowered by an esop charge of 0.6%.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our consolidated results, including discontinued operations, was 48.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 59.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016. our ebitda margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business, of 10.0%, which was partially offset by the impact from an esop charge of 0.9%.
results of continuing operations by segment decision analytics revenues revenues for our decision analytics segment were $1,374.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $1,270.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $104.0 million or 8.2%. excluding revenues of $49.3 million from our recent acquisitions of greentech media, quest offshore, analyze re, arium, eni, fintellix, make, aerial imagery acquisitions, g2, sequel, lci, rebmark, and service software, decision analytics revenues increased $54.7 million or 4.3%.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2017                                                2016                            percentage change
energy and specialized markets         444.7                   442.8               0.4       %
financial services                     145.5                   128.3              13.4       %
total decision analytics            $1,374.9                $1,270.9               8.2       %
our insurance revenue increased $84.9 million or 12.1%. excluding revenues of $17.1 million from our recent acquisitions of analyze re, arium, eni, aerial imagery acquisitions, sequel, rebmark, and service software, our insurance revenue increased $67.8 million or 9.7%. the increase was primarily due to an increase within our loss quantification solutions, insurance anti-fraud claims revenue, catastrophe modeling services, and underwriting solutions.
our energy and specialized markets revenue increased $1.9 million or 0.4%. excluding revenues of $11.4 million from our recent acquisitions of greentech media, quest offshore, and make, our energy and specialized markets revenue decreased $9.5 million or 2.2% due to the continuing end-market and currency tailwinds affecting the energy business and declines in our environmental health and safety services.
our financial services revenue increased $17.2 million or 13.4%. excluding revenues of $20.8 million from our recent acquisitions of fintellix, g2, and lci, our financial services revenue decreased $3.6 million or 2.8%. the decrease was primarily due to several contract completions in 2016 partially offset by growth in media effectiveness solutions.
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our decision analytics segment was $557.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $490.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $66.3 million or 13.5%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment represented an increase of $39.6 million in cost of revenues, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $26.7 million or 5.5%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $22.9 million, data costs and data processing fees of $5.8 million, information technology expense of $2.6 million, and other operating costs of $1.6 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in an esop charge of $6.2 million that occurred in 2016.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our decision analytics segment were $238.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $214.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $23.4 million or 10.9%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment, accounted for an increase of $12.2 million in sga, was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits and transaction costs. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisitions, sga increased $11.2 million or 5.3%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $8.3 million, professional consulting fees of $3.7 million, and other general expenses of $1.8 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in information technology expense of $0.7 million and a decrease in an esop charge of $1.9 million that occurred in 2016.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our decision analytics segment was 42.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017 and including our discontinued operations 60.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016. our ebitda margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business, of 15.6%.
risk assessment revenues revenues for our risk assessment segment were $770.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $724.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $46.0 million or 6.4%. excluding revenues of $12.0 million from our recent acquisitions of rii, geoinformation, marketstance, and healix, revenues for our risk assessment increased $34.0 million or 4.7% for the year ended december 31, 2017. our industry-standard insurance programs revenue, excluding revenues of $11.3 million from our recent acquisitions of rii, marketstance and healix, increased $28.3 million or 5.1%. our property-specific rating and underwriting information revenue, excluding revenue of $0.7 million from our recent acquisition of geoinformation, increased $5.7 million or 3.3%. revenue growth within this segment primarily resulted from an increase in prices derived from continued enhancements to the content of the solutions within our industry-standard insurance programs as well as selling expanded solutions to existing customers.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2017                                                                     2016                         percentage change
property-specific rating and underwriting information       176.7                 170.2              3.8       %
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our risk assessment segment was $226.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $223.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $3.1 million or 1.4%. our recent acquisitions within this segment represented an increase of $5.7 million in cost of revenues, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues decreased $2.6 million or 1.2%. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in an esop charge of $8.3 million that occurred in 2016, decreases in information technology expense of $0.9 million and other operating costs of $1.5 million. these decreases were offset by increases in salaries and employee benefit costs of $7.8 million and data costs and data processing fees of $0.3 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our risk assessment segment were $84.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $86.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $2.2 million or 2.6%. our recent acquisitions within this segment accounted for the $1.5 million in sga expenses, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits and transaction costs. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisitions, sga decreased $3.7 million or 4.3%. the decrease was primarily due to the elimination of an esop charge of $2.4 million that occurred in 2016, decreases in information technology expenses of $0.5 million, and other general expense of $1.6 million. these decreases were offset by increases in salaries and employee benefit costs of $0.5 million and professional consulting costs of $0.3 million.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our risk assessment segment was 59.5% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 57.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was negatively impacted by an esop charge of 1.5%.
consolidated results of continuing operations revenues revenues were $1,995.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1,760.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $234.5 million or 13.3%. excluding revenues of $151.0 million from wood mackenzie (for the first and second quarters), infield, pci, rii, greentech media, quest offshore, analyze re, geoinformation, and marketstance, collectively referred to as our recent acquisitions, our revenue growth was $83.5 million or 4.9%. revenues within our decision analytics segment, excluding our recent acquisitions of wood mackenzie (for the first and second quarters), infield, pci, greentech media, quest offshore and analyze re, increased by $49.3 million or 4.8%. revenue growth within decision analytics was primarily driven by our financial services and insurance categories. revenues in our risk assessment segment, excluding our recent acquisitions of rii, geoinformation and marketstance, increased by $34.2 million or 5.0%. both categories, industry-standard insurance programs and property-specific rating and underwriting information, within risk assessment contributed to its revenue growth. refer to the results of continuing operations by segment within this section for further information regarding our revenues.
cost of revenues cost of revenues was $714.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $612.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $102.4 million or 16.7% . our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $56.1 million in cost of revenues, primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $46.3 million or 7.8%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits cost of $27.2 million and an esop charge of $14.5 million. other increases include information technology expense of $5.3 million and data costs and data processing fees of $0.9 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in other operating costs of $1.6 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, or sga, were $301.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $278.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $23.3 million or 8.3%. our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $12.2 million in sga, primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, sga increased $11.1 million or 4.5%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $5.6 million, an esop charge of $4.3 million, and professional consulting fees of $3.0 million. these increases were offset by decreases in information technology expense of $0.9 million and other general and administrative of $0.9 million.
depreciation and amortization of fixed assets depreciation and amortization of fixed assets was $119.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $96.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $22.5 million or 23.2%. the increase in depreciation and amortization of fixed assets includes depreciation and amortization related to our recent acquisitions of $11.3 million. the remaining increase primarily relates to hardware and software development costs placed into production to support data capacity expansion and revenue growth.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets was $92.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $70.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $22.1 million or 31.2%. the increase in amortization of intangible assets was primarily related to our recent acquisitions of $20.1 million.
investment income and others, net investment income and others, net was a gain of $6.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $16.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $10.8 million. the decrease was primarily related to a gain of $15.6 million in connection with the exercise and payout of common stock warrants for the year ended december 31, 2015. this decrease was partially offset by increases attributable to interest income of $6.5 million generated from the subordinated promissory note related to the divestiture of our healthcare business.
gain on derivative instruments gain on derivative instruments decreased $85.2 million or 100% due to a one-time foreign currency hedge gain realized in 2015 relating to the acquisition of wood mackenzie, which did not recur in 2016.
interest expense interest expense was $120.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $121.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $1.4 million or 1.1%. the decrease is primarily due to the net payments of our credit facility of $770.0 million mostly funded by the net proceeds from the divestiture of our healthcare business.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $202.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $196.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $5.6 million or 2.8%. the effective tax rate was 30.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 28.7% for the year ended december 31, 2015.
net income the net income margin for our consolidated results, including discontinued operations, was 28.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 24.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015. our net income margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business of 5.5% and lowered by an esop charge of 0.6%. our net income margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 was lowered by the discontinued operations of 3.2% and positively impacted by the derivative gain and the transaction costs related to the wood mackenzie acquisition and the gain on the exercise and payout of the common stock warrants of 3.2%.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our consolidated results, including discontinued operations, was 59.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 51.0% for the year ended december 31, 2015. our ebitda margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business, of 10.0%, which was partially offset by the impacts from an esop charge of 0.9%. our ebitda margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 was lowered by the discontinued operations of 4.2% and positively impacted by the derivative gain and the transaction costs related to the wood mackenzie acquisition and the warrant exercise of 3.6%.
results of continuing operations by segment decision analytics revenues revenues for our decision analytics segment were $1,270.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1,072.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $198.4 million or 18.5%. excluding revenues of $149.1 million from wood mackenzie (for the first and second quarters) and our recent acquisitions of infield, pci, greentech media, quest offshore, and analyze re, decision analytics revenues increased $49.3 million or 4.8%.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2016                                                2015                            percentage change
energy and specialized markets         442.8                   308.8              43.4       %
financial services                     128.3                   116.5              10.1       %
total decision analytics            $1,270.9                $1,072.5              18.5       %
our insurance revenue increased $52.6 million or 8.1%. excluding revenues of $0.5 million from our recent acquisition, our insurance revenue increased $52.1 million or 8.1%. the increase was primarily due to an increase within our loss quantification solutions, underwriting solutions, insurance anti-fraud claims revenue, and catastrophe modeling services.
our energy and specialized markets revenue increased $134.0 million or 43.4%. excluding revenues of $148.6 million from wood mackenzie (for the first and second quarters) and our recent acquisitions of infield, pci, greentech media, and quest offshore, our energy and specialized markets revenue decreased $14.6 million or 5.5% due to the continuing end-market and currency headwinds affecting the energy business and declines in our environmental health and safety services.
our financial services revenue increased $11.8 million or 10.1%, primarily due to the continued demand for our media effectiveness services and analytic solutions.
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our decision analytics segment was $490.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $412.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $78.7 million or 19.1%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment represented an increase of $54.8 million in cost of revenues, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $23.9 million or 6.1%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $16.9 million, an esop charge of $6.2 million, and information technology expense of $4.2 million. these increases were offset by decreases in data costs and data processing fees of $0.2 million and other operating costs of $3.2 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our decision analytics segment were $214.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $196.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $18.4 million or 9.4%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment, accounted for an increase of $11.5 million in sga, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisitions, sga increased $6.9 million or 4.2%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $6.8 million, an esop charge of $1.9 million, and professional consulting fees of $1.4 million. these increases were offset by decreases in information technology expense of $1.3 million and other general expenses of $1.9 million.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our decision analytics segment, including our discontinued operations, was 60.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 and 46.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015. our ebitda margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was positively impacted by the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of our healthcare business, of 15.6%, which was partially offset by the impact from an esop charge of 0.6%. the nonrecurring derivative gain, net of transaction costs related to the wood mackenzie acquisition and the warrant exercise and payout, positively impacted our ebitda margin by 5.4%, which was offset by the impact from the discontinued operations of 5.9% for year ended december 31, 2015.
risk assessment revenues revenues for our risk assessment segment were $724.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $688.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $36.1 million or 5.2%. excluding revenues of $1.9 million from our recent acquisitions of rii, geoinformation and marketstance, revenues for our risk assessment increased $34.2 million or 5.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016. revenue growth within this segment primarily resulted from an increase in prices derived from continued enhancements to the content of the solutions within our industry-standard insurance programs as well as selling expanded solutions to existing customers.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2016                                                                     2015                         percentage change
property-specific rating and underwriting information       170.2                 163.6              4.0       %
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our risk assessment segment was $223.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $200.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $23.7 million or 11.9%. our recent acquisitions within this segment represented an increase of $1.3 million in cost of revenues, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $22.4 million or 11.2%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefit costs of $10.3 million, an esop charge of $8.3 million, data costs and data processing fees of $1.1 million, information technology expense of $1.1 million, and other operating costs of $1.6 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our risk assessment segment were $86.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $81.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $4.9 million or 5.9%. our recent acquisitions within this segment, accounted for an increase of $0.7 million in sga, which was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisitions, sga increased $4.2 million or 5.1%. the increase was primarily due to an esop charge of $2.4 million, increases in professional consulting costs of $1.6 million, information technology expenses of $0.4 million, and other general expense of $1.0 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in salaries and employee benefit costs of $1.2 million.
ebitda the ebitda margin for our risk assessment segment was 57.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 59.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the margin for the year ended december 31, 2016 was negatively impacted by an esop charge of 1.5%.
quarterly results of operations the following table sets forth our quarterly unaudited consolidated statement of operations data for each of the eight quarters in the period ended december 31, 2017. in management's opinion, the quarterly data has been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, and reflects all necessary adjustments for a fair presentation of this data. the results of historical periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full year or any future period.
for the quarters ended march 31,            june 30,           september 30,            december 31,            full year
(in millions, except for per share data)
statement of operations data:
for the quarters ended march 31,            june 30,           september 30,            december 31,            full year
(in millions, except for per share data)
statement of operations data:
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities of $146.1 million and $138.5 million, respectively. subscriptions for our solutions are billed and generally paid in advance of rendering services either quarterly or in full upon commencement of the subscription period, which is usually for one year. subscriptions are automatically renewed at the beginning of each calendar year. we have historically generated significant cash flows from operations. as a result of this factor, as well as the availability of funds under our syndicated revolving credit facility, we believe we will have sufficient cash to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs, and to fuel our future growth plans.
we have historically managed the business with a working capital deficit due to the fact that, as described above, we offer our solutions and services primarily through annual subscriptions or long-term contracts, which are generally prepaid quarterly or annually in advance of the services being rendered. when cash is received for prepayment of invoices, we record an asset (cash and cash equivalents) on our balance sheet with the offset recorded as a current liability (deferred revenues). this current liability is deferred revenue that does not require a direct cash outflow since our customers have prepaid and are obligated to purchase the services. in most businesses, growth in revenue typically leads to an increase in the accounts receivable balance causing a use of cash as a company grows. unlike these businesses, our cash position is favorably affected by revenue growth, which results in a source of cash due to our customers prepaying for most of our services.
our consolidated capital expenditures as a percentage of consolidated revenues for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, were 8.6% and 7.4%, respectively. we estimate our capital expenditures for 2018 will be approximately $230.0 million, which primarily consists of expenditures on our technology infrastructure and our continuing investments in developing and enhancing our solutions. expenditures related to developing and enhancing our solutions are predominately related to internal-use software and are capitalized in accordance with asc 350-40, "accounting for costs of computer
software developed or obtained for internal use." we also capitalize amounts in accordance with asc 985-20, "software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed."
we have also historically used a portion of our cash for repurchases of our common stock from our stockholders. for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we repurchased $276.3 million, $326.8 million and $20.4 million, respectively, of our common stock.
financing and financing capacity we had total debt, excluding capital lease obligations, the discounts and debt issuance costs on our senior notes and our committed senior unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility, or the credit facility, of $3,015.0 million and $2,400.0 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the debt at december 31, 2017 primarily consists of senior notes issued in 2015, 2012 and 2011 and borrowings outstanding under the credit facility described below. interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually each year. the discount and debt issuance costs were recorded as "long-term debt" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and will be amortized to "interest expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations within this form 10-k over the life of the respective senior note. the indenture governing the senior notes restricts our ability to, among other things, create certain liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate with, sell, lease, convey, or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of our assets, or merge with or into, any other person or entity. as of december 31, 2017, we had senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $2,300.0 million outstanding, and we were in compliance with our financial debt covenants.
we have a credit facility with bank of america n.a., jp morgan chase, n.a., sun trust bank, wells fargo bank, n.a., citizens bank, n.a., morgan stanley, n.a., hsbc bank usa, n.a., royal bank of canada, bnp paribas, td bank, n.a., and the northern trust company. on may 18, 2017, we entered into the third amendment to the credit facility, which, among other things, extended the maturity date one year to may 15, 2022. the credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs and capital expenditures, acquisitions and the share repurchase program, or the repurchase program. the credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants that, among other things, impose certain restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, and capital expenditures. these covenants also place restrictions on mergers, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions, payments between us and our subsidiaries, and certain transactions with affiliates. the financial covenants require that, at the end of any fiscal quarter, we have a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and that we maintain, during any period of four fiscal quarters, a consolidated funded debt leverage ratio of 3.5 to 1.0. we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the credit facility as of december 31, 2017. interest on borrowings under the credit facility is payable at an interest rate of libor plus 1.125% to 1.625%, depending upon the consolidated funded debt leverage ratio. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we had borrowings of $870.0 million and repayments of $255.0 million under the credit facility. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had outstanding borrowings under the credit facility of $715.0 million and $100.0 million, respectively. in january 2018, we repaid a total of $110.0 million of the $715.0 million outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2017 under the credit facility. on may 18, 2017, we entered into the third amendment to the credit facility, which, among other things, extended the maturity date one year to may 15, 2022.
on march 10, 2015, in connection with our agreement to acquire wood mackenzie, we entered into a commitment letter for a $2,300.0 million 364-day bridge financing arrangement with bank of america n.a. and morgan stanley bank n.a. acting as joint lead arrangers. this financing arrangement was only to be utilized in the event we did not complete the debt and equity offerings relating to its acquisition of wood mackenzie by a certain date, and was terminated upon the closing of the acquisition. we paid fees associated with this financing arrangement of $9.1 million. due to the completion of the debt and equity offerings, this arrangement was terminated and the full $9.1 million of fees were recorded to "interest expense" for the year ended december 31, 2015.
cash flow the following table summarizes our cash flow data for the years ended december 31:
net cash provided by operating activities                  $743.5                $577.5                $663.8
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities     $(1,105.5   )            $493.2             $(3,006.3   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities        $362.5             $(1,064.2   )          $2,440.9
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased to $743.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to $577.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase of $166.0 million in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in cash receipts from customers driven by an increase in revenues and operating profit. our net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2016 also included a $99.9 million tax payment related to the gain on the sale of our healthcare business and a one time cash funding of our esop plan of $18.8 million. these operating cash expenditures in 2016 did not occur in 2017.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased to $577.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $663.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease of $86.3 million in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the additional income tax payments of $99.9 million related to the gain on the sale of our healthcare business and a one time cash funding of our esop plan of $18.8 million, partially offset by an increase in cash receipts from customers driven by an increase in revenues and operating profit as well as additional operating cash flow from the acquisition of wood mackenzie in may 2015.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities of $1,105.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily related to acquisitions, including escrow funding, of $914.9 million and capital expenditures of $183.5 million.
net cash provided by investing activities of $493.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily related to proceeds from the sale our healthcare business of $714.6 million, partially offset by capital expenditures of $156.5 million and acquisitions including escrow payments of $74.1 million.
net cash used in investing activities of $3,006.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to acquisitions including escrow payments of $2,856.4 million, which includes the acquisition of wood mackenzie, net of a gain on derivative instruments and capital expenditures of $166.1 million.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities of $362.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily related to $615.0 million of borrowings, net under our credit facilities and proceeds from stock option exercises, net of net share settlement of taxes from restricted stock, of $32.1 million, partially offset by share repurchases of $276.3 million.
net cash used in financing activities of $1,064.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily related to a $770.0 million repayments of borrowings under our credit facilities and share repurchases of $326.8 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and other option-related items of $38.0 million.
net cash provided by financing activities of $2,440.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily related to the net proceeds from the debt and equity offerings of $1,244.0 million and $720.8 million, respectively, and other borrowings from our old and new credit facilities of 830.0 million and proceeds from stock option exercises and other option-related items of $36.4 million, partially offset by repayments of short-term and long-term debt of $340.0 million, and repurchases of common stock of $20.4 million.
capital lease obligations                                               18.0                     10.0                        6.6                      1.4                            -
other long-term liabilities (2)                                          1.2                      0.4                        0.3                        -                          0.5
(2)   other long-term liabilities consist of our employee-related deferred compensation plan. we also have a deferred compensation plan for our board of directors; however, based on past performance and the uncertainty of the dollar amounts to be paid, if any, we have excluded such amounts from the above table.
(3)   unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $16.3 million have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with asc 740, which have been omitted from the table above, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled, with the exception of those amounts subject to a statute of limitation. related to the unrecognized tax benefits, we also have recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of $4.5 million.
critical accounting policies and estimates our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements require management to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and intangible assets, pension and other post retirement benefits, stock based compensation, and income taxes. actual results may differ from these assumptions or conditions.
revenue recognition the company's revenues are primarily derived from sales of services and revenue is recognized as services are performed and information is delivered to our customers. revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, fees and/or price are fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. revenues for subscription services are recognized ratably over the subscription term, usually one year. revenues from transaction-based fees are recognized as information is delivered to customers, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
the company also has term-based software licenses where the only remaining undelivered element is post-contract customer support, or pcs, including unspecified upgrade rights on a when-and-if available basis. the company recognizes revenue for these licenses ratably over the duration of the license term. the pcs associated with these arrangements is coterminous with the duration of the license term. the company also provides hosting or software solutions that provide continuous access to information and include pcs and recognizes revenue ratably over the duration of the license term. in addition, the determination of certain of our services revenues requires the use of estimates, principally related to transaction volumes in instances where these volumes are reported to us by our customers on a monthly basis in arrears. in these instances,
we estimate transaction volumes based on average actual volumes reported by our customers in the past. differences between our estimates and actual final volumes reported are recorded in the period in which actual volumes are reported. we have not experienced significant variances between our estimates of these services revenues reported to us by our customers and actual reported volumes in the past.
we invoice our customers in annual, quarterly, or monthly installments. amounts billed and collected in advance are recorded as deferred revenues on the balance sheet and are recognized as the services are performed and revenue recognition criteria are met.
stock-based compensation the fair value of equity awards is measured on the date of grant using a black-scholes option-pricing model, which requires the use of several estimates, including expected term, expected risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, and expected dividend yield.
stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the awards granted, and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. option grants and restricted stock awards are generally expensed ratably over the four-year vesting period. we follow the substantive vesting period approach for awards granted after january 1, 2005, which requires that stock-based compensation expense be recognized over the period from the date of grant to the date when the award is no longer contingent on the employee providing additional service.
we estimate expected forfeitures of equity awards at the date of grant and recognize compensation expense only for those awards expected to vest. the forfeiture assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate.
goodwill and intangibles goodwill represents the excess of acquisition costs over the fair value of tangible net assets and identifiable intangible assets of the businesses acquired. goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized. intangible assets determined to have definite lives are amortized over their useful lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to impairment testing annually as of june 30, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable, using the guidance and criteria described in the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangible assets. this testing compares carrying values to fair values and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value.
as of december 31, 2017, we had goodwill of $3,368.7 million, which represents 56.0% of our total assets. during 2017, we performed an impairment test as of june 30, 2017 and confirmed that no impairment charge was necessary. as part of this process, we conducted the annual impairment test of our energy reporting unit at june 30, 2017, at which time the fair value exceeded its carrying value by less than 10.0%. this outcome is consistent with our expectation due to the decline in the gbp/usd exchange rate as well as current energy market conditions. the carrying value of the goodwill associated with our energy reporting unit was $1,841.8 million as of june 30, 2017.
there are many assumptions and estimates used that directly impact the results of impairment testing, including an estimate of future expected revenues, earnings and cash flows, useful lives and discount rates applied to such expected cash flows in order to estimate fair value. we have the ability to influence the outcome and ultimate results based on the assumptions and estimates we choose for determining the fair value of our reporting units. to mitigate undue influence, we set criteria and benchmarks that are reviewed and approved by various levels of management and reviewed by other independent parties. the determination of whether or not goodwill or indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets have become impaired involves a significant level of judgment in the assumptions and estimates underlying the approach used to determine the value of our reporting units. changes in our strategy or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments and require an impairment to be recorded to intangible assets and goodwill. there have been no goodwill impairment indicators subsequent to the impairment test performed as of june 30, 2017. for the year ended december 31, 2017, there were no impairment indicators related to our intangible assets.
we allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.  such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. the estimates used in valuing the intangible assets are determined with the assistance of third party specialists, a discounted cash flow analysis and estimates made by management. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. during the measurement period, which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and
liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.
pension and postretirement we account for our pension and postretirement benefit plans in accordance with the accounting standard for employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. this standard requires that employers recognize on a prospective basis the funded status of their defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans on their consolidated balance sheets and recognize as a component of other comprehensive loss, net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost.
certain assumptions are used in the determination of our annual net period benefit (credit) cost and the disclosure of the funded status of these plans. the principal assumptions concern the discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligation and the expected return on plan assets. we revise these assumptions based on an annual evaluation of long-term trends and market conditions that may have an impact on the cost of providing retirement benefits.
in determining the discount rate, we utilize quoted rates from long-term bond indices, and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year, cash flow models and other data sources we consider reasonable based upon the life expectancy and mortality rate of eligible employees. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on securities that were selected to match our separate projected cash flows for both the pension and postretirement plans. our separate benefit plan cash flows are input into actuarial models that include data for corporate bonds rated aa or better at the measurement date. the output from the actuarial models are assessed against the prior year's discount rate and quoted rates for long-term bond indices. for our pension plans at december 31, 2017, we determined this rate to be 3.50%, a decrease of 0.49% from the 3.99% rate used at december 31, 2016. our postretirement rate was 3.00% at december 31, 2017, a decrease of 0.25% from the 3.25% rate used at december 31, 2016.
the expected return on plan assets is determined by taking into consideration our analysis of our actual historical investment returns to a broader long-term forecast adjusted based on our target investment allocation, and the current economic environment. our pension asset investment guidelines target an investment portfolio allocation of 40.0% debt securities and 60.0% equity securities. as of december 31, 2017, the pension plan assets were allocated 37.9% debt, 54.0% equity securities and 8.1% other. the veba plan target allocation is 100% debt. we have used our target investment allocation to derive the expected return as we believe this allocation will be retained on an ongoing basis that will be commensurate with the projected cash flows of the plan. the expected return for each investment category within our target investment allocation is developed using average historical rates of return for each targeted investment category, considering the projected cash flow of the qualified pension plan and postretirement plan. the difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is generally deferred and recognized over subsequent periods through future net periodic benefit (credits) costs. we believe these considerations provide the basis for reasonable assumptions with respect to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
the measurement date used to determine the benefit obligation and plan assets is december 31. the future benefit payments for the postretirement plan are net of the federal medical subsidy. as a result of the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, the tax treatment of federal subsidies paid to sponsors of retiree health benefit plans that provide prescription drug benefits that are at least actuarially equivalent to the corresponding benefits provided under medicare part d was effectively changed. this legislative change reduces future tax benefits of the coverage we provided to participants in the postretirement plan. we are required to account for this change in the period during which the law is enacted.
a one percent change in discount rate and future rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects:
1% decrease                                        1% increase                                         1% decrease                                  1% increase benefit                    projected               benefit                     projected               benefit              projected               benefit                projected
(credit) cost              benefit                 cost (credit)               benefit                 cost                 benefit                 (credit)               benefit obligation                                          obligation                                   obligation                                     obligation
expected rate of return on assets   $4.3                       $-                      $(4.3         )            $-                       $0.1                 $-                      $(0.1       )          $-
income taxes in projecting future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future state, federal and foreign pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. these assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. the calculation of our tax liabilities also involves dealing with uncertainties in the application and evolution of complex tax laws and regulations in other jurisdictions.
we account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with accounting for uncertainty in income taxes - an interpretation of asc 740, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. under this interpretation, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
we recognize and adjust our liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined.
on december 22, 2017, president trump signed comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the tax cuts and job act, or tax act. the tax act makes complex changes to the tax law which will impact the 2017 year, including but not limited to 1) a re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of the corporate tax rate change from 35.0% to 21.0%, 2) 100% bonus depreciation on qualifying property placed in service after september 27, 2017, and 3) requiring a one-time repatriation tax on foreign earnings.
based on our initial analysis of the tax act, we have made reasonable estimates of its 2017 impact and have recorded provisional adjustments as follows:
1)   due to the federal corporate rate reduction, a re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities resulted in the recording of a benefit of approximately $89.1 million.
2)   100% bonus depreciation on qualifying assets resulted in an estimated decrease to the current income tax payable of approximately $8.0 million.
3)   we are not expected to be impacted by the one-time repatriation tax on foreign earnings.
the tax act will also affect 2018 and forward, including but not limited to 1) a reduction in the federal corporate rate from 35.0% to 21.0%, 2) elimination of the corporate alternative minimum tax, 3) creation of a new minimum tax - the base erosion anti-abuse tax, or beat, 4) a general elimination of u.s. federal income taxes on dividends from foreign subsidiaries, 5) a new provision designed to tax global intangible low-taxed income, or gilti, 6) a new limitation on deductible interest expense, 7) the repeal of section 199 domestic production activity deduction, 8) a new limitation on the deductibility of certain executive compensation, 9) limitations on net operating losses, or nol's, generated after december 31, 2017, 10) a special deduction for foreign derived intangible income, or fdii, and various other items.  we have evaluated the above provisions and other than the reduction in corporate tax rate, we do not believe that the new provisions will have a material impact on the provision for income taxes.
we estimate unrecognized tax positions of $0.5 million that may be recognized by december 31, 2018, due to expiration of statutes of limitations and resolution of audits with taxing authorities, net of additional uncertain tax positions.
as of december 31, 2017, we have gross federal, state, and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $211.5 million, which will expire at various dates from 2018 through 2037. such net operating loss carryforwards expire as follows:
the net deferred income tax liability of $321.9 million consists primarily of timing differences involving depreciation and amortization.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to note 2(r) to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.