item 1a. risk factors.
in addition to the other information set forth in this 2017 annual report, any of the factors described below could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity, which could cause the trading price of our securities to decline.
this report contains "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and performance. we generally identify forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "objective," "target," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and assumptions made by management using currently available information. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our 2018 financial guidance, future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product supply disruptions, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, integration of acquired businesses, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases and dividends, our agreements with pfizer, government regulation and financial results. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are potentially inaccurate assumptions. however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. if one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if management's underlying beliefs and assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017.
for example, in december 2013, the fda announced final guidance establishing procedures for the voluntary phase-out in the united states over a three-year period of the use of medically important antibacterials in animal feed for growth promotion in food production animals (medically important antibacterials include classes that are prescribed in animal and human health). the guidance provides for continued use of antibacterials in food producing animals for treatment, control and under certain circumstances for prevention of disease, all under the supervision of a veterinarian. the fda indicated that it took this action to help preserve the efficacy of medically important antibacterials to treat infections in humans. as part of those efforts, stricter regulations governing the administration of medically important antibiotics have recently come into effect. as of january 1, 2017, the use of medically important antibiotics in the water or feed of food production animals now requires written authorization by a licensed veterinarian under the fda guidance and the related rule known as the veterinary feed directive. as a result of the implementation by livestock producers of the fda guidance and the veterinary feed directive, we have seen a negative impact on revenue in the u.s. on certain medicated feed additive products for both cattle and swine in 2017. if these regulations continue to negatively affect our u.s. cattle and swine medicated feed additive revenue, our future operating results could be negatively impacted.
in addition, other countries, such as france and vietnam, have passed restrictions or bans on antibiotic use.
in certain markets, there has been an increase in consumer preference towards proteins produced without the use of antibiotics.
we cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals or increased consumer preference for antibiotic-free protein, any of which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our livestock business depends heavily on a healthy and growing livestock industry. if the public perceives a risk to human health from the consumption of the food derived from animals that utilize our products, there may be a decline in the production of such food products and, in turn, demand for our products. for example, livestock producers may experience decreased demand for their products or reputational harm as a result of evolving consumer views of animal rights, nutrition, health-related or other concerns. any reputational harm to the livestock industry may also extend to companies in related industries, including our company. adverse consumer views related to the use of one or more of our products in livestock also may result in a decrease in the use of such products and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
animal health products are subject to unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns, which may harm our reputation.
unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns can arise with respect to animal health products, whether or not scientifically or clinically supported, leading to product recalls, withdrawals or suspended or declining sales, as well as product liability and other claims.
regulatory actions based on these types of safety, quality or efficacy concerns could impact all or a significant portion of a product's sales and could, depending on the circumstances, materially adversely affect our operating results.
in addition, since we depend on positive perceptions of the safety, quality and efficacy of our products, and animal health products generally, by our customers, veterinarians and end-users, any concerns as to the safety, qualify or efficacy of our products, whether actual or perceived, may harm our reputation. these concerns and the related harm to our reputation could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, regardless of whether such reports are accurate.
companies in the livestock industries are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations. if livestock producers are adversely affected by new regulations or changes to existing regulations, they may reduce herd sizes or become less profitable and, as a result, they may reduce their use of our products, which may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. furthermore, new or more stringent regulations could, directly or indirectly, impact the use of one or more of our products. more stringent regulation of the livestock industry or our products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. also, many food-producing companies, including livestock producers, benefit from governmental subsidies, and if such subsidies were to be reduced or eliminated, these companies may become less profitable and, as a result, may reduce their use of our products.
sales of our livestock products could be materially adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals, which could lead to the widespread death or precautionary destruction of animals as well as the reduced consumption and demand for animal protein. in addition, outbreaks of disease carried by animals may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products due to reduced herd or flock sizes. in recent years, outbreaks of various diseases, including avian influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy (otherwise known as bse or mad cow disease) and porcine epidemic diarrhea virus (otherwise known as pedv), have impacted the animal health business. the discovery of additional cases of any of these, or new, diseases may result in additional restrictions on animal proteins, reduced herd sizes, or reduced demand for, animal protein, which may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere.
veterinarians and livestock producers are our primary customers. in recent years, there has been a trend towards the concentration of veterinarians in large clinics and hospitals. in addition, livestock producers, particularly swine and poultry producers, and our distributors, have seen recent consolidation in their industries. furthermore, we have seen the expansion of larger cross-border corporate customers and an increase in the
consolidation of buying groups (cooperatives of veterinary practices that leverage volume to pursue discounts from manufacturers). the pace of consolidation and structure of markets varies greatly across geographies. if these trends towards consolidation continue, these customers and distributors could attempt to improve their profitability by leveraging their buying power to obtain favorable pricing. the resulting decrease in our prices could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
our business may be negatively affected by weather conditions and the availability of natural resources.
the animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in particular regions are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. as a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. furthermore, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. their animals' health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. in the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians or livestock producers may purchase less of our products.
for example, the widespread drought that impacted the united states in 2011, 2012 and in some regions in 2013 was considered the worst in many years, resulting in a reduction in the total cow herd in 2013. droughts such as this one can lead to a decrease in harvested corn and higher corn prices, which may impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices may contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that may result in reduced spending on animal health products. in addition, droughts can lead to reduced availability of grazing pastures, forcing cattle producers to cull their herds. fewer heads of cattle could result in reduced demand for our products. a prolonged drought could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
our business is subject to risk based on global economic conditions.
macroeconomic, business and financial disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. certain of our customers and suppliers could be affected directly by an economic downturn and could face credit issues or cash flow problems that could give rise to payment delays, increased credit risk, bankruptcies and other financial hardships that could decrease the demand for our products or hinder our ability to collect amounts due from customers. if one or more of our large customers, including distributors, discontinue their relationship with us as a result of economic conditions or otherwise, our operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. in addition, economic concerns may cause some pet owners to forgo or defer visits to veterinary practices or could reduce their willingness to treat pet health conditions or even to continue to own a pet. furthermore, our exposure to credit and collectability risk is higher in certain international markets and our ability to mitigate such risks may be limited. while we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit and collectability risk, there can be no assurances such procedures will effectively limit such risk and avoid losses.
if any of our top products experience issues, such as loss of patent protection, material product liability litigation, new or unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, labeling changes, negative publicity, changes to veterinarian or customer preferences, and/or disruptive innovations or the introduction of more effective products, our revenues could be negatively impacted, perhaps significantly. our top four products, apoquel, the ceftiofur product line, draxxin and revolution, contributed approximately 25% of our revenue in 2017. any issues with these top products would have a more significant impact to our results of operations.
changes in u.s. laws, agreements and policies governing foreign trade in the territories and countries where our customers do business could negatively impact such customers' businesses and adversely affect our operating results. a number of our customers, particularly u.s.-based livestock producers, benefit from free trade agreements such as the north american free trade agreement (nafta). the current president of the united states has initiated negotiations with canada and mexico aimed at re-negotiating the terms of nafta. efforts by the united states to withdraw from or materially modify nafta or other international trade agreements to which it is a party could harm our customers, and as a result, negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations.
feed, fuel and transportation and other key costs for livestock producers may increase or animal protein prices or sales may decrease. either of these trends could cause deterioration in the financial condition of our livestock product customers, potentially inhibiting their ability to purchase our products or pay us for products delivered. our livestock product customers may offset rising costs by reducing spending on our products, including by switching to lower-cost alternatives to our products. in addition, concerns about the financial resources of pet owners also could cause veterinarians to alter their treatment recommendations in favor of lower-cost alternatives to our products. these shifts could result in a decrease in sales of our companion animal products, especially in developed countries where there is a higher rate of pet ownership.
in most markets, companion animal owners typically purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. companion animal owners increasingly have the option to purchase animal health products from sources other than veterinarians, such as internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels. this trend has been demonstrated by the significant shift away from the veterinarian distribution channel in the sale of flea and tick products in recent years. companion animal owners also could decrease their reliance on, and visits to, veterinarians as they rely more on internet-based animal health information. because we market our companion animal prescription products through the veterinarian distribution channel, any decrease in visits to veterinarians by companion animal owners could reduce our market share for such
products and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. in addition, companion animal owners may substitute human health products for animal health products if human health products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives.
legislation has also been proposed in the united states, and may be proposed in the united states or abroad in the future, that could impact the distribution channels for our companion animal products. for example, such legislation may require veterinarians to provide pet owners with written prescriptions and disclosure that the pet owner may fill prescriptions through a third party, which may further reduce the number of pet owners who purchase their animal health products directly from veterinarians. such requirements may lead to increased use of generic alternatives to our products or the increased substitution of our products with other animal health products or human health products if such other products are deemed to be lower-cost alternatives. many states already have regulations requiring veterinarians to provide prescriptions to pet owners upon request and the american veterinary medical association has long-standing policies in place to encourage this practice.
over time, these and other competitive conditions may increase our reliance on internet-based retailers, "big-box" retail stores or other over-the-counter distribution channels to sell our companion animal products. we may be unable to sustain our current margins and we may not be adequately prepared or able to distribute our products if an increased portion of our sales is through these channels. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the animal health industry is highly competitive.
the animal health industry is highly competitive. we believe many of our competitors are conducting r&d activities in areas served by our products and in areas in which we are developing products. our competitors include the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies and specialty animal health businesses. there are also several new start-up companies working in the animal health area. these competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources. as a result, they may be able to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing and selling their products, initiating or withstanding substantial price competition or more readily taking advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities. in addition to competition from established market participants, new entrants to the animal health medicines and vaccines industry could substantially reduce our market share or render our products obsolete.
to the extent that any of our competitors are more successful with respect to any key competitive factor or we are forced to reduce, or are unable to raise, the price of any of our products in order to remain competitive, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. competitive pressure could arise from, among other things, safety and efficacy concerns, limited demand growth or a significant number of additional competitive products being introduced into a particular market, price reductions by competitors, the ability of competitors to capitalize on their economies of scale, the ability of competitors to produce or otherwise procure animal health products at lower costs than us and the ability of competitors to access more or newer technology than us.
we face competition from products produced by other companies, including generic alternatives to our products. we depend on patents and regulatory data exclusivity periods to provide us with exclusive marketing rights for some of our products. patents for individual products expire at different times based on the date of the patent filing (or sometimes the date of patent grant) and the legal term of patents in the countries where such patents are obtained. the extent of protection afforded by our patents varies from country to country and is limited by the scope of the claimed subject matter of our patents, the term of the patent and the availability and enforcement of legal remedies in the applicable country. as a result, we may face competition from lower-priced generic alternatives to many of our products. generic competitors are becoming more aggressive in terms of launching at risk before patent rights expire and, because of their pricing, are an increasing percentage of overall animal health sales in certain regions. for example, several companies have launched generic versions of our rimadyl chewable product. as a result, sales of our rimadyl chewable product in the u.s. have continued to decline, decreasing by approximately 8% in 2017 compared to the prior year. if animal health customers increase their use of new or existing generic products, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
over the next several years, several of our products' patents will expire. the active ingredient of draxxin, tulathromycin, is covered by both compound and formulation patents in the united states, europe, canada, australia and other key markets, with terms that expire between may 2019 and january 2021 in the united states, between november 2018 and november 2020 in europe, and between may 2018 and november 2020 in canada and australia. several patents covering the ceftiofur antibiotic product line (excede) began expiring in the united states in 2015. however, various formulation and use patents relevant to the product line extend through to 2024. the compound patent for selamectin, the active ingredient in our parasiticide revolution, expired in 2014. again, we have process and formulation patents covering this product which expire in important markets in 2018 and 2019, respectively. the ceftiofur product line, draxxin and revolution, contributed approximately 18% of our revenue in 2017. in addition, the patent for the active ingredient of convenia® has expired, however, there are formulation patents relevant to the product line which expire between november 2022 and october 2023. the patent for the active ingredient of cerenia has expired, however, there are formulation patents relevant to the product line which expire between may 2020 and january 2027. a generic version of cerenia has recently been registered in europe and is marketed in the netherlands and france. the patent relating to the formulation of orbeseal expired in december 2017. zoetis typically enforces all of its patents.
we pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, strategic alliances or divestitures of some of our businesses as part of our business strategy. we may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or at all. in addition, we may be subject to regulatory constraints or limitations or other unforeseen factors that prevent us from realizing the expected benefits. even if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. we may be unable to integrate acquisitions successfully into our existing business, and we may be unable to achieve expected gross margin improvements or efficiencies. we also could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. our reported results of operations could be negatively affected by acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. we may be subject to litigation in connection with, or as a result of, acquisitions, dispositions, licenses or other
alliances, including claims from terminated employees, customers or third parties, and we may be liable for future or existing litigation and claims related to the acquired business, disposition, license or other alliance because either we are not indemnified for such claims or the indemnification is insufficient. these effects could cause us to incur significant expenses and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we are pursuing, and will continue to pursue, strategic initiatives that management considers critical to our long-term success, including, but not limited to, increasing sales in emerging markets; operational revenue growth through new product development and value-added product lifecycle innovation; using cash flow from operations to service debt; and expanding our complementary products and services. we also have acquired or partnered with a number of smaller animal health businesses, and we intend to continue to do so in the future. there are significant risks involved with the execution of these initiatives, including significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. accordingly, we cannot predict whether we will succeed in implementing these strategic initiatives. it could take several years to realize the anticipated benefits from these initiatives, if any benefits are achieved at all. additionally, our business strategy may change from time to time, which could delay our ability to implement initiatives that we believe are important to our business.
some of our employees are members of unions, works councils, trade associations or are otherwise subject to collective bargaining agreements in certain jurisdictions, including the united states. as a result, we are subject to the risk of labor disputes, strikes, work stoppages and other labor-relations matters. we may be unable to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements on similar or more favorable terms and may experience work stoppages or other labor problems in the future at our sites. we could experience a disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, potentially resulting in canceled orders by customers, unanticipated inventory accumulation or shortages and reduced revenue and net income. we may also experience difficulty or delays in implementing changes to our workforce in certain markets. in addition, labor problems at our suppliers or cmos could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we depend on the efforts of our executive officers and certain key personnel. our executive officers and other key personnel are not currently, and are not expected to be, subject to non-compete provisions. in addition, we generally do not enter into employment agreements with our executive officers and other key personnel. any unplanned turnover or our failure to develop an adequate succession plan for one or more of our executive officer or other key positions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage. the loss or limited availability of the services of one or more of our executive officers or other key personnel, or our inability to recruit and retain qualified executive officers or other key personnel in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we may be required to write down goodwill or identifiable intangible assets.
under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (u.s. gaap), if we determine goodwill or identifiable intangible assets are impaired, we will be required to write down these assets and record a non-cash impairment charge. as of december 31, 2017, we had goodwill of $1.5 billion and identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization, of $1.3 billion. identifiable intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology rights, brands, trademarks, license agreements, patents, acquired customer relationships and in-process r&d.
determining whether an impairment exists and the amount of the potential impairment involves quantitative data and qualitative criteria that are based on estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment. future events or new information may change management's valuation of an intangible asset in a short amount of time. the timing and amount of impairment charges recorded in our consolidated statements of income and write-downs recorded in our consolidated balance sheets could vary if management's conclusions change. any impairment of goodwill or identifiable intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial position.
risks related to research and development our r&d, acquisition and licensing efforts may fail to generate new products and product lifecycle innovations.
our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources to r&d, both through our own dedicated resources and through collaborations with third parties.
we may be unable to determine with accuracy when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched, or we may be unable to develop, license or otherwise acquire product candidates or products. in addition, we cannot predict whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful or will achieve sales and revenue that are consistent with our expectations. the animal health industry is subject to regional and local trends and regulations and, as a result, products that are successful in some of our markets may not achieve similar success when introduced into new markets. furthermore, the timing and cost of our r&d may increase, and our r&d may become less predictable. for example, changes in regulations applicable to our industry may make it more time-consuming and/or costly to research, develop and register products.
products in the animal health industry are sometimes derived from molecules and compounds discovered or developed as part of human health research. we have and expect to continue to enter into collaboration or licensing arrangements with third parties, including pfizer, to provide us with access to compounds and other technology for purposes of our business. such agreements are typically complex and require time to negotiate and implement. if we enter into these arrangements, we may not be able to maintain these relationships or establish new ones in the future on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, any collaboration that we enter into may not be successful, and the success may depend on the efforts and actions of our collaborators, which we may not be able to control. if we are unable to access human health-generated molecules and compounds to conduct r&d on cost-effective terms, our ability to develop some types of new products could be limited.
the market for our products could be impacted negatively by the introduction and/or broad market acceptance of newly-developed or alternative products that address the diseases and conditions for which we sell products, including "green" or "holistic" health products or specially bred disease-resistant animals. in addition, technological breakthroughs by others may obviate our technology and reduce or eliminate the market for our products. introduction or acceptance of such products or technologies could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our r&d relies on evaluations in animals, which may become subject to bans or additional restrictive regulations.
as an animal health medicines and vaccines business, the evaluation of our existing and new products in animals is required to register our products. animal testing in certain industries has been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. some organizations and individuals have attempted to ban animal testing or encourage the adoption of additional regulations applicable to animal testing. to the extent that the activities of such organizations and individuals are successful, our r&d, and by extension our operating results and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. in addition, negative publicity about us or our industry could harm our reputation.
risks related to manufacturing manufacturing problems and capacity imbalances may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls or unanticipated costs.
in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. on december 31, 2017, we had a global manufacturing network consisting of 25 manufacturing sites located in 12 countries. we also employ a network of approximately 180 third party cmos, including a number owned by pfizer. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites.
minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions, including:
•   the failure of us or any of our vendors or suppliers, including logistical service providers, to comply with applicable regulations and quality assurance guidelines;
•   criminal and terrorist activities;
•   changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in types of products produced, shipping distributions or physical limitations; and
•   the outbreak of any highly contagious diseases near our production sites.
these interruptions could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties, which may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. for example, our manufacturing site in medolla, italy was damaged in an earthquake in may 2012, which resulted in production interruptions at that site. in addition, we experienced challenges in manufacturing apoquel when it was initially launched in 2015 that impacted our ability to meet customer demand. as a result, we had to place limits on the amounts of this product veterinarians could purchase and delayed the launch of the product in certain markets.
our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand (including as a result of market conditions or entry of branded or generic competition) increase the potential for capacity imbalances. in addition, construction of sites is expensive, and our ability to recover costs will depend on the market acceptance and success of the products produced at the new sites, which is uncertain.
we rely on third parties to provide us with materials and services, and are subject to increased labor and material costs and potential disruptions in supply.
the materials used to manufacture our products may be subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by changes in demand, weather conditions, supply conditions, government regulations, economic climate and other factors. in addition, labor costs may be subject to volatility caused by the supply of labor, governmental regulations, economic climate and other factors. increases in the demand for, availability or the price of, materials used to manufacture our products and increases in labor costs could increase the costs to manufacture our products. we may not be able to pass all or a material portion of any higher material or labor costs on to our customers, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, certain third-party suppliers are the sole or exclusive source of certain materials and services necessary for production of our products. we may be unable to meet demand for certain of our products if any of our third-party suppliers cease or interrupt operations, fail to renew contracts with us or otherwise fail to meet their obligations to us.
there may be delays and additional costs due to changes to our existing manufacturing facilities and the construction of new manufacturing plants.
as part of our supply network strategy, we have invested and will continue to invest in improvements to our existing manufacturing facilities and in new manufacturing plants. we are currently investing in two new plants, one in rathdrum, ireland for the production of active ingredients for some of our key products and one in suzhou, china for the research and production of vaccines in china. these types of projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project, and will require licensure by various regulatory authorities. significant cost overruns or delays in completing these projects could have an adverse effect on the company's return on investment.
risks related to legal matters and regulation we may incur substantial costs and receive adverse outcomes in litigation and other legal matters.
our operating results, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected by unfavorable results in pending or future litigation matters. these matters include, among other things, allegations of violation of united states and foreign competition laws, labor laws, consumer protection laws, and environmental laws and regulations, as well as claims or litigations relating to product liability, intellectual property, securities, breach of contract and tort. in addition, changes in the interpretations of laws and regulations to which we are subject, or in legal standards in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we operate, could increase our exposure to liability. for example, in the united states, attempts have been made to allow damages for emotional distress and pain and suffering in connection with the loss of, or injury to, a companion animal. if such attempts were successful, our exposure with respect to product liability claims could increase materially.
litigation matters, regardless of their merits or their ultimate outcomes, are costly, divert management's attention and may materially adversely affect our reputation and demand for our products. we cannot predict with certainty the eventual outcome of pending or future litigation matters. an adverse outcome of litigation or legal matters could result in our being responsible for significant damages. any of these negative effects resulting from litigation matters could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our products have been approved for use under specific circumstances for the treatment of certain diseases and conditions in specific species. there may be increased risk of product liability claims if veterinarians, livestock producers, pet owners or others attempt to use our products off-label, including the use of our products in species (including humans) for which they have not been approved. for example, ketamine, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our ketaset product (a nonnarcotic agent for anesthetic use in cats), is abused by humans as a hallucinogen. furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those indications for which our products have been approved may not be effective, which could harm our reputation and lead to an increased risk of litigation. if we are deemed by a governmental or regulatory agency to have engaged in the promotion of any of our products for off-label use, such agency could request that we modify our training or promotional materials and practices and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation and position within the industry. any of these events could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products or of stolen, diverted or relabeled products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit or illegally compounded versions of our products that do not meet the exacting standards of our development, manufacturing and distribution processes. counterfeit or illegally compounded medicines pose a significant risk to animal health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured and the lack of regulation of their contents. counterfeit or illegally compounded products are frequently unsafe or ineffective and can be potentially life-threatening to animals. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit or illegally compounded products which are alleged to be equivalent and/or which are sold under our brand name. we are aware of at least one pharmacy in brazil that may be engaged in the practice of illegally compounding oclacitinib, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in our apoquel product. in addition, products stolen or unlawfully diverted from inventory, warehouses, plants or while in transit, which are not properly stored or which have an expired shelf life and which have been repackaged or relabeled and which are sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact animal health and safety, our reputation and our business. public loss of confidence in the integrity of vaccines and/or pharmaceutical products as a result of counterfeiting, illegally compounding or theft could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
as a global company, we are subject to various state, federal and international laws and regulations, including regulations relating to the development, quality assurance, manufacturing, importation, distribution, marketing and sale of our products. in addition, our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspections by regulatory agencies. an inspection may report conditions or practices that indicate possible violations of regulatory requirements. our failure to comply with these regulatory requirements, allegations of such non-compliance or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in, among other things, inspection observation notices, warning letters or similar regulatory correspondence, fines, a partial or total shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while an alleged violation is remediated, withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market, and civil or criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. any one of these consequences could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, we will not be able to market new products unless and until we have obtained all required regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we propose to market those products. even after a product reaches market, it may be subject to re-review and may lose its approvals. we have changed, and may in the future change, the locations of where certain of our products are manufactured and, because of these changes, we may be required to obtain new regulatory approvals. our failure to obtain approvals, delays in the approval process, or our failure to maintain approvals in any jurisdiction, may prevent us from selling products in that jurisdiction until approval or reapproval is obtained, if ever.
furthermore, we cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, or changes in tax laws, challenges brought against our incentive tax rulings, and tariffs, nor can we determine the effect that additional laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could have on our business when and if promulgated, or the impact of changes in the interpretation of these laws and regulations, or of disparate federal, state, local and foreign regulatory schemes. changes to such laws or regulations may include, among other things, changes to taxation requirements, such as tax-rate changes and changes affecting the taxation by the united states of income earned outside the united states.
changes in applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
we are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. these laws and regulations govern matters such as the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water; the generation, use, storage, handling, treatment, packaging, transportation, exposure to, and disposal of hazardous and biological materials, including recordkeeping, reporting and registration requirements; and the health and safety of our employees. due to our operations, these laws and regulations also require us to obtain, and comply with, permits, registrations or other authorizations issued by governmental authorities. these authorities can modify or revoke our permits, registrations or other authorizations and can enforce compliance through fines and injunctions.
given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are currently incurring and may in the future incur, liabilities under cercla or under other federal, state, local and foreign environmental cleanup laws, with respect to our current or former sites, adjacent or nearby third-party sites, or offsite disposal locations. see item 1. business-environmental, health and safety. the costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may be required to conduct or finance could be material. additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous materials into the environment. such liability could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. furthermore, regulatory agencies are showing increasing concern over the impact of animal health products and livestock operations on the environment. this increased regulatory scrutiny may necessitate that additional time and resources be spent to address these concerns in both new and existing products.
a failure to comply with the environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which we are subject, including any permits issued thereunder, may result in environmental remediation costs, loss of permits, fines, penalties or other adverse governmental or private actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial measures. we could also be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous materials or environmental damage. environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently, have tended to become more stringent and stringently enforced over time and may be subject to new interpretation. we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental, health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials will not materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
risks related to our international operations a significant portion of our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions and are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in which we do business.
our international operations could be limited or disrupted by any of the following:
•   volatility in the international financial markets;
•   compliance with governmental controls;
•   compliance with a wide variety of laws and regulations, such as the fcpa and similar non-u.s. laws and regulations;
•   compliance with foreign labor laws;
•   burdens to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to environmental, health and safety requirements;
•   changes in laws, regulations, government controls or enforcement practices with respect to our business and the businesses of our customers, including the imposition of limits on our profitability;
•   political and social instability, including crime, civil disturbance, terrorist activities and armed conflicts;
•   trade restrictions and restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities, including restrictions administered by the office of foreign assets control of the u.s. department of treasury (ofac) and the european union, in relation to our products or the products of farmers and other customers (e.g., restrictions on the importation of agricultural products from the european union to russia);
•   government limitations on foreign ownership;
•   imposition of anti-dumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions;
•   costs and difficulties in staffing, managing and monitoring international operations;
•   additional limitations on transferring personal information between countries or other restrictions on the processing of personal information.
in addition, international transactions may involve increased financial and legal risks due to differing legal systems and customs. compliance with these requirements may prohibit the import or export of certain products and technologies or may require us to obtain a license before importing or exporting certain products or technology. a failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations or requirements could result in civil or criminal legal proceedings, monetary or non-monetary penalties, or both, disruptions to our business, limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. in addition, variations in the pricing of our products between jurisdictions may result in the unauthorized importation or unauthorized re-importation of our products between jurisdictions and may also result in the imposition of anti-dumping and countervailing duties or other trade-related sanctions. while the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any of them could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. changes in any of these laws, regulations or requirements, or the political environment in a particular country, may affect our ability to engage in business transactions in certain markets, including investment, procurement and repatriation of earnings.
in june 2016, voters in the united kingdom approved an advisory referendum to withdraw from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." this referendum has created political and economic uncertainty, particularly in the united kingdom and the european union, and this uncertainty may persist for years. a withdrawal could significantly disrupt the free movement of goods, services, and people between the united kingdom and the european union, and result in increased legal and regulatory complexities, as well as potential higher costs of conducting business in europe. the united kingdom's vote to exit the european union could also result in similar referendums or votes in other european countries in which we do business. on march 29, 2017, the united kingdom prime minister formally notified the european council of the united kingdom's intention to withdraw from the european union under article 50 of the treaty of lisbon. the notice begins the two-year negotiation period to establish the withdrawal terms. if no agreement is reached after two years, the united kingdom's separation still becomes effective, unless the remaining european union members unanimously agree to an extension. the uncertainty surrounding the terms of the united kingdom's withdrawal and its consequences could adversely impact consumer and investor confidence, and could affect sales or regulation of our products. any of these effects, among others, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
finally, there has been recent political instability in catalonia, which depending on the outcome could impact our r&d and manufacturing operations in olot, spain.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. in 2017, we generated approximately 47% of our revenue in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally the euro, brazilian real and canadian dollar. we are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenue. in addition, because our financial statements are reported in u.s. dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations.
we also face risks arising from currency devaluations and the imposition of cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. cash repatriation restrictions and exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing restrictions or controls. while we currently have no need, and do not intend, to repatriate or convert cash held in countries that have significant restrictions or controls in place, should we need to do so to fund our operations, we may be unable to repatriate or convert such cash, or be unable to do so without incurring substantial costs. we currently have substantial operations in countries that have cash repatriation restrictions or exchange controls in place, including china, and, if we were to need to repatriate or convert such cash, these controls and restrictions may have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
in 2015, we recorded a net remeasurement loss of $89 million on bolivar-denominated net monetary assets, primarily related to cash deposits in venezuela. this loss was recorded as a result of our evaluation of evolving economic conditions in venezuela, including the devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar in 2013 and the subsequent changes to venezuela's foreign currency exchange mechanisms, in addition to our expectation of venezuela's responses to changes in its economy, and continued volatility.
we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of our investments in emerging markets and are subject to certain risks due to our presence in emerging markets, including political or economic instability and failure to adequately comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
we have been taking steps to increase our presence in emerging markets. failure to continue to maintain and expand our business in emerging markets could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
some countries within emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of local, regional or global economic, political or social instability or crisis. for example, our sales in certain emerging markets have suffered from extended periods of disruption due to natural disasters. furthermore, we have also experienced lower than expected sales in certain emerging markets due to local, regional and global restrictions on banking and commercial activities in those countries. in addition, certain emerging markets have currencies that fluctuate substantially, which may impact our financial performance. for example, in the past, our revenue in certain emerging markets in latin america has been adversely impacted by currency fluctuations and devaluations.
in addition, certain emerging markets have legal systems that are less developed or familiar to us. other jurisdictions in which we conduct business may have legal and regulatory regimes that differ materially from united states laws and regulations, are continuously evolving or do not include sufficient judicial or administrative guidance to interpret such laws and regulations. compliance with diverse legal requirements is costly and time-consuming and requires significant resources. in the event we believe or have reason to believe our employees have or may have violated applicable laws or regulations, we may be subject to investigation costs, potential penalties and other related costs which in turn could negatively affect our reputation and our results of operations.
for all these and other reasons, doing business within emerging markets carries significant risks.
risks related to tax matters the company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new u.s. or foreign tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities.
the multinational nature of our business subjects us to taxation in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. the company's future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
for example, the european commission opened formal investigations to examine whether decisions by the tax authorities in certain european countries, including belgium, comply with european union rules on state aid. in the case of belgium, the european commission concluded on january 11, 2016, that the excess profits ruling violates the european union's state aid rules. the impact of this conclusion was a net tax charge of approximately $35 million recorded in 2016. this net charge relates to the belgium government's recovery of benefits for the periods 2013 through 2015 offset by the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the rates expected to be in place at the time of the reversal and without consideration of implementation of any future operational changes, and does not include any benefits associated with a successful appeal of the decision.
in addition, on june 20, 2016, the member states of the european union adopted the anti-tax-avoidance directive proposed on january 28, 2016, which is designed to provide uniform implementation of base erosion and profits shifting measures and other minimum taxation standards across member states. the member states are required to implement all components of the directive by january 1, 2020. once enacted by the member states, the results of the directive could have an impact on our effective tax rate. in october 2016, the european union also introduced a proposal to impose a uniform set of rules on taxing corporate profits, known as the common consolidated corporate tax base. this proposal is in its early stages but may have an impact to our effective tax rate.
on december 22, 2017, president trump signed into law the tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act) effective january 1, 2018. some notable provisions of the tax act include a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, and a change from a worldwide system with deferral to a territorial tax system, which includes a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax, payable over eight years, on certain undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2017, the cumulative amount of non-u.s. undistributed earnings was approximately $4.5 billion, which includes an allocation of non-u.s. undistributed earnings as a result of the separation from pfizer on june 24, 2013. pursuant to the staff accounting bulletin published by the securities and exchange commission on december 22, 2017, addressing the challenges in accounting for the effects of the tax act in the period of enactment, companies must report provisional amounts for those specific income tax effects of the tax act for which the accounting is incomplete but a reasonable estimate can be determined. those provisional amounts will be subject to adjustment during a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date. the company is currently in the process of evaluating the full impact of this new legislation on its consolidated financial statements, and in the fourth quarter of 2017 has recorded a provisional net charge of $212 million related to the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax, partially offset by the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities, as of the date of enactment, due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate. at this time, we are properly reflecting the provision for taxes on income using all current enacted global tax laws in every jurisdiction in which we operate.
on march 29, 2017, united kingdom (uk) prime minister theresa may formally notified the european council of the uk's intention to withdraw from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit", under article 50 of the treaty of lisbon. the notice begins the two-year negotiation period to establish the withdrawal terms. if no agreement is reached after two years, the uk's separation still becomes effective, unless the remaining european union members unanimously agree to an extension. at this time, the impact of brexit to our effective tax rate is uncertain.
in addition, our effective tax rate is subject to potential risks that various taxing authorities may challenge the pricing of our cross-border arrangements and subject us to additional tax, adversely impacting our effective tax rate and our tax liability. the company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. the company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. if the company's effective tax rates were to increase, particularly in the united states or other material foreign jurisdictions, or if the ultimate determination of the company's taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued, the company's operating results, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.
•   stop activities, including any commercial activities, relating to the affected products, which could include a recall of the affected products and/or a cessation of sales in the future.
the costs of defending an intellectual property action are often substantial and could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, even if we successfully defend such action. the intellectual property positions of animal health medicines and vaccines businesses frequently involve complex legal and factual questions, and an issued patent does not provide the right to practice the patented technology or develop, manufacture or commercialize the patented product. we cannot guarantee that a competitor or other third party does not have or will not
obtain rights to intellectual property that, in the absence of a license, may prevent us from manufacturing, developing or marketing certain of our products, regardless of whether we believe such intellectual property rights are valid and enforceable, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
if our intellectual property rights are challenged or circumvented, competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts.
our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret, data protection, and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents, or be approved on a timely basis, or at all. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be approved on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area. the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have their own patent laws. for example, some countries only permit the issuance of patents covering a novel chemical compound itself, and its first use, and thus further methods of use for the same compound, may not be patentable. we may be subject to challenges by third parties regarding our intellectual property, including claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term. the validity, enforceability, scope and effective term of patents can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal and factual questions and proceedings. our ability to enforce our patents also depends on the laws of individual countries and each country's practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights. in addition, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, including because such agreements expire or are terminated, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
patent law reform in the united states and other countries may also weaken our ability to enforce our patent rights, or make such enforcement financially unattractive. for instance, u.s. court decisions in the recent years have led to u.s. patent and trademark office guidelines regarding inventions in the field of products isolated from nature and diagnostic methods which may influence future patenting strategy in these areas. a similar court decision in australia was issued recently with regard to the patentability of nucleic acids. such reforms could result in increased costs to protect our intellectual property and/or limit our ability to patent our products in these jurisdictions.
additionally, certain foreign governments have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be granted in the case of national emergencies, which could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those regions and materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
likewise, in the united states and other countries, we currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the same and thus create the potential need to rebrand or re-label a product. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors increases and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected.
many of our vaccine products and other products are based on or incorporate proprietary information, including proprietary master seeds and proprietary or patented adjuvant formulations. we actively seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their employment, engagement or other relationship. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization and legal remedies may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
the misappropriation and infringement of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the united states, may occur even when we take steps to prevent it. we are currently, and expect to be in the future, party to patent lawsuits and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming, and if resolved adversely, could have a significant impact on our business and financial condition. in the future, we may not be able to enforce intellectual property that relates to our products for various reasons, including licensor restrictions and other restrictions imposed by third parties, or the cost of enforcing our intellectual property may outweigh the value of doing so; either of which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, to process, transmit and store electronic and financial information, and to comply with regulatory, legal and tax requirements. we also depend on our information technology infrastructure for digital marketing activities and for electronic communications among our personnel, customers and suppliers around the world. system failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our customers, or delay our financial reporting. such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
in addition, we depend on third parties and applications on virtualized (cloud) infrastructure to operate and support our information systems. these third parties include large established vendors, as well as many small, privately owned companies. failure by these providers to adequately support our operations or a change in control or insolvency of these providers could have an adverse effect on our business, which in turn may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
assuming we are able to implement new systems successfully, all information systems, despite implementation of security measures, are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access. if our information systems were to fail or be breached, such failure or breach could materially adversely affect our ability to perform critical business functions and sensitive and confidential data could be compromised.
we may be unable to successfully manage our online ordering sites.
in many markets around the world, such as the united states and brazil, we provide online ordering sites to customers, often relying on third parties to host and support the application. the operation of our online business depends on our ability to maintain the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our online order-taking and fulfillment operations. risks associated with our online business include: disruptions in telephone or internet service or power outages; failures of the information systems that support our website, including inadequate system capacity, computer viruses, human error, changes in programming, security breaches, system upgrades or migration of these services to new systems; reliance on third parties for computer hardware and software as well as delivery of merchandise to our customers; rapid technology changes; credit card fraud; natural disasters or adverse weather conditions; power and network outages; changes in applicable federal and state regulations; liability for online content; and consumer privacy concerns. problems in any one or more of these areas could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and could damage our reputation.
we may be unable to adequately protect our information technology systems from cyber-attacks, breaches of security or misappropriation of data, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, and subject us to significant financial and legal exposure.
our reputation as a global leader in animal health and our reliance on complex information systems make us inherently vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack. cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. cyber-attacks could include wrongful conduct by hostile foreign governments, industrial espionage, the deployment of harmful malware, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks, and other means to threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. in addition, despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, we may be vulnerable to material security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming errors, employee errors and/or malfeasance that could potentially lead to the compromise of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information (including confidential business information, trade secrets and corporate strategic plans), defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions.
like other global companies, we have experienced threats to our data and information technology systems. to date, those threats have not had a material impact on our business operations or financial condition. however, although we devote resources to protect our information technology systems, we expect cyber-attacks to continue, and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent information security breaches that would result in business, legal or reputational harm to us, or would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
if hackers or cyberthieves gain improper access to our technology systems, networks, or infrastructure, they may be able to access, steal, publish, delete, misappropriate, modify or otherwise disrupt access to confidential data. moreover, additional harm to customers could be perpetrated by third parties who are given access to the confidential data. a network disruption (including one resulting from a cyberattack) could cause an interruption or degradation of service as well as permit access, theft, publishing, deletion, misappropriation, or modification to or of confidential data. due to the evolving techniques used in cyberattacks to disrupt or gain unauthorized access to technology networks, we may not be able to anticipate or prevent such disruption or unauthorized access.
the costs imposed on us as a result of a cyberattack or network disruption could be significant. among others, such costs could include increased expenditures on cyber security measures, litigation, fines, and sanctions, lost revenues from business interruption, and damage to the public's perception regarding our ability to keep our information secure. as a result, a cyberattack or network disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results.
we may be unable to adequately protect our stakeholders' privacy or we may fail to comply with privacy laws.
the protection of customer, employee, supplier and company data is critical and the regulatory environment surrounding information security, storage, use, processing, disclosure and privacy is demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. in addition, our customers, employees and suppliers expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. any actual or perceived significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption, cyber-attack or corruption of customer, employee or company data or our failure to comply with federal, state, local and foreign privacy laws, including the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr), could result in lost sales, remediation costs, and legal liability including severe penalties, regulatory action and reputational harm. for example, the eu's gdpr becomes effective may 25, 2018 and requires companies to meet new and enhanced requirements regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the rights of data subjects to request correction or deletion of their personal data. failure to meet gdpr requirements could result in penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue.
despite our considerable efforts and investments in technology to secure our computer network, security could be compromised, confidential information could be misappropriated or system disruptions could occur. failure to comply with the security requirements or rectify a security issue may result in fines and the imposition of restrictions on our ability to accept payment by credit or debit cards. in addition, the payment card industry (pci) is controlled by a limited number of vendors that have the ability to impose changes in pci's fee structure and operational requirements on us without negotiation. such changes in fees and operational requirements may result in our failure to comply with pci security standards, as well as significant unanticipated expenses. such failures could materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. as of december 31, 2017, we had approximately $5.0 billion of total unsecured indebtedness outstanding. in addition, we have entered into an agreement
for a five-year revolving credit facility and a commercial paper program each with a capacity of up to $1.0 billion. while we currently do not have any amounts drawn under the credit facility nor any commercial paper issued under the commercial paper program, we may incur indebtedness under these arrangements in the future.
we may incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. specifically, our high level of debt could have important consequences, including:
•   making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, business development or other general corporate requirements, including dividends;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the animal health industry;
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage to other, less leveraged competitors;
in addition, the instruments governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. for example, our credit facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio and covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur liens, merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets, transact with affiliates and incur priority indebtedness. our failure to comply with such covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all our debt.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to dispose of material assets or operations, alter our dividend policy, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. we may not be able to effect any such alternative measures on commercially reasonable terms or at all and, even if successful, those alternative actions may not allow us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. the instruments that will govern our indebtedness may restrict our ability to dispose of assets and may restrict the use of proceeds from those dispositions and may also restrict our ability to raise debt or equity capital to be used to repay other indebtedness when it becomes due. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations when due.
in addition, we conduct our operations through our subsidiaries. accordingly, repayment of our indebtedness will depend on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries, including certain international subsidiaries, and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries may not have any obligation to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or may not be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each subsidiary is a distinct legal entity, and under certain circumstances, legal, tax and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. in the event that we do not receive distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.
our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, may materially adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity and our ability to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness or pay dividends on our common stock.
our credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in our senior notes.
the credit ratings assigned to our senior notes are limited in scope, and do not address all material risks relating to an investment in our senior notes, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at the time the rating is issued. there can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the applicable rating agencies, if, in such rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant. credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security. each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating. actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under further review for a downgrade, could affect the market prices of our securities and increase our borrowing costs.
risks related to our relationship with pfizer certain of our directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their positions with pfizer.
certain of our directors are employed or have been employed by pfizer or may own pfizer common stock, options to purchase pfizer common stock or other pfizer equity awards. certain of these holdings may be individually significant to these directors as compared with such director's total assets. these directors' positions at pfizer and the ownership of any pfizer equity or equity awards may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors are faced with decisions that could have different implications for pfizer than for us.
to preserve the tax-free treatment to pfizer and/or its stockholders of the exchange offer and certain related transactions, we may not be able to engage in certain transactions.
on may 22, 2013, pfizer announced an exchange offer (the exchange offer) whereby pfizer shareholders could exchange a portion of pfizer common stock for zoetis common stock. the exchange offer was completed on june 24, 2013, resulting in the full separation of zoetis and the disposal of pfizer's entire ownership and voting interest in zoetis. to preserve the tax-free treatment to pfizer and/or its stockholders of the exchange offer and certain related transactions, under the tax matters agreement, we are restricted from taking any action that prevents such transactions from being tax-free for u.s. federal, state, local and foreign income tax purposes. these restrictions may limit our ability to engage in certain transactions, including taking certain actions with respect to our 3.250% senior notes due 2023.
pfizer's rights as licensor under the patent and know-how license could limit our ability to develop and commercialize certain products.
under the patent and know-how license agreement (pfizer as licensor) (the patent and know-how license agreement), pfizer licenses to us certain of its intellectual property. if we fail to comply with our obligations under this license agreement and pfizer exercises its right to terminate it, our ability to continue to research, develop and commercialize products incorporating that intellectual property will be limited. in addition, in circumstances where pfizer has an interest in the licensed intellectual property in connection with its human health development programs, our rights to use the licensed intellectual property are restricted and/or, in limited instances, subject to pfizer's right to terminate such license at will. these limitations and termination rights may make it more difficult, time-consuming or expensive for us to develop and commercialize certain new products, or may result in our products being later to market than those of our competitors.
under the patent and know-how license agreement, pfizer is responsible for filing, prosecuting and maintaining patents that pfizer licenses to us. in the animal health field, pfizer has the first right, and in some cases the sole right, to enforce such licensed patents, and in the human health field, subject to certain exceptions, pfizer has the sole right to enforce the licensed patents. if pfizer fails to fulfill its obligations or chooses to not enforce the licensed patents under this agreement, we may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competitive products, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
if there is a later determination that the exchange offer or certain related transactions are taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes because the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings underlying the irs private letter ruling and/or any tax opinion are incorrect or for any other reason, we could incur significant liabilities.
pfizer has received a private letter ruling from the irs substantially to the effect that, among other things, the exchange offer will qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986 (the code). completion by pfizer of the exchange offer was conditioned on, among other things, the continuing application of pfizer's private letter ruling from the irs and the receipt of an opinion of tax counsel, to the effect that, among other things, the exchange offer will qualify as a transaction that is tax-free for u.s. federal income tax purposes under sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(d) of the code. the ruling and the opinion rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from pfizer and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, pfizer and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinion of tax counsel, the irs could determine on audit that the exchange offer or certain related transactions are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain significant changes in the stock ownership of pfizer or us after the exchange offer. if the exchange offer or certain related transactions are determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant liabilities under applicable law or under the tax matters agreement.
our common stock has a limited trading history and there may be wide fluctuations in the market value of our common stock as a result of many factors. from our ipo through december 31, 2017, the sales price of our common stock as reported by the nyse has ranged from a low sales price of $28.14 on april 15, 2014 to a high sales price of $73.58 on december 19, 2017. some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this section and in our 2017 annual report, are:
•   our operating performance and the performance of our competitors;
•   our or our competitors' press releases, other public announcements and filings with the sec regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;
•   changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock;
•   changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders or the incurrence of additional debt;
•   changes in general economic and market conditions in any of the regions in which we conduct our business;
•   the actions of speculators and financial arbitrageurs (such as hedge funds);
•   other developments or changes affecting us, our industry or our competitors.
in addition, if the market for stocks in our industry or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
on december 11, 2017, our board of directors declared the 2018 first quarter dividend of $0.126 per share to be paid on march 1, 2018, to holders of record on january 19, 2018; and on february 13, 2018, our board of directors declared the 2018 second quarter dividend of $0.126 per share to be paid on june 1, 2018, to holders of record on april 20, 2018. although we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to our common stockholders, we have no obligation to do so, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice to our stockholders. returns on stockholders' investments will primarily depend on the appreciation, if any, in the price of our common stock. we anticipate that we will retain most of our future earnings, if any, for use in the development and expansion of our business, repayment of indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. the declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after taking into account various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, cash flows available in the united states, impact on our effective tax rate, indebtedness, legal requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant.
provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws, and delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of us, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which we refer to as "our certificate of incorporation," and our amended and restated by-laws, which we refer to as "our by-laws," contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include:
•   a board of directors that is divided into three classes with staggered terms;
•   the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; and
•   limitations on the right of stockholders to remove directors.
in addition, delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in our and our stockholders' best interests.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is provided to assist readers in understanding our performance, as reflected in the results of our operations, our financial condition and our cash flows. this md&a should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. the discussion in this md&a contains forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. our future results could differ materially from historical performance and from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors such as those discussed in item 1a. risk factors and forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results sections of this md&a.
overview of our business we are a global leader in the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of animal health medicines and vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and companion animals. for more than 60 years we have been committed to enhancing the health of animals and bringing solutions to our customers who raise and care for them.
we manage our operations through two geographic operating segments: the united states (u.s.) and international. within each of these operating segments, we offer a diversified product portfolio for both livestock and companion animal customers in order to capitalize on local and regional trends and customer needs. see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 18. segment, geographic and other revenue information.
we directly market our products to veterinarians and livestock producers located in approximately 45 countries across north america, europe, africa, asia, australia and south america, and are a market leader in nearly all of the major regions in which we operate. through our efforts to establish an early and direct presence in many emerging markets, such as brazil, china and mexico, we believe we are the largest animal health medicines and vaccines business as measured by revenue across emerging markets as a whole. in markets where we do not have a direct commercial presence, we generally contract with distributors that provide logistics and sales and marketing support for our products.
we believe our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. our research and development (r&d) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. additionally, our management team's focus on improving operational and cost efficiencies increases the likelihood of achieving our core growth strategies and enhancing long-term value for our shareholders.
a summary of our 2017 performance compared with the comparable 2016 and 2015 periods follows:
•   increasing demand for improved nutrition, particularly animal protein;
•   natural resource constraints, such as scarcity of arable land, fresh water and increased competition for cultivated land, resulting in fewer resources that will be available to meet this increased demand for animal protein;
•   increased focus on food safety and food security.
product development initiatives our future success depends on both our existing product portfolio and our pipeline of new products, including new products that we may develop through joint ventures and products that we are able to obtain through license or acquisition. we believe we are an industry leader in animal health r&d, with a track record of generating new products and product lifecycle innovation. the majority of our r&d programs focus on product lifecycle innovation, which is defined as r&d programs that leverage existing animal health products by adding new species or claims, achieving approvals in new markets or creating new combinations and reformulations.
perceptions of product quality, safety and reliability we believe that animal health customers value high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply. the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which we believe often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. we depend on positive perceptions of the safety and quality of our products by our customers, veterinarians and end-users.
in addition, negative beliefs about animal health products generally could impact demand for our products. for example, the issue of the potential transfer of increased antibacterial resistance in bacteria from food-producing animals to human pathogens, and the causality of that transfer, continue to be the subject of global scientific and regulatory discussion. antibacterials refer to small molecules that can be used to treat or prevent bacterial infections and are a sub-categorization of the products that make up our anti-infectives and medicated feed additives portfolios. in some countries, this issue has led to government restrictions and bans on the use of specific antibacterials in some food-producing animals, regardless of the route of administration (in feed or injectable). these restrictions are more prevalent in countries where animal protein is plentiful and governments are willing to take action even when there is scientific uncertainty. our total revenue attributable to antibacterials for livestock was approximately $1.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017.
we cannot predict whether antibacterial resistance concerns will result in additional restrictions or bans, expanded regulations, public pressure to discontinue or reduce use of antibacterials in food-producing animals or increased consumer preference for antibiotic-free protein.
the overall economic environment in addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, face challenges related to global economic conditions. growth in both the livestock and companion animal sectors is driven by overall economic development and related growth, particularly in many emerging markets. in recent years, certain of our customers and suppliers have been affected directly by economic downturns, which decreased the demand for our products and, in some cases, hindered our ability to collect amounts due from customers.
the cost of medicines and vaccines to our livestock producer customers is small relative to other production costs, including feed, and the use of these products is intended to improve livestock producers' economic outcomes. as a result, demand for our products has historically been more stable than demand for other production inputs. similarly, industry sources have reported that pet owners indicated a preference for reducing spending on other aspects of their lifestyle, including entertainment, clothing and household goods, before reducing spending on pet care. while these factors have mitigated the impact of recent downturns in the global economy, further economic challenges could increase cost sensitivity among our customers, which may result in reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
competition the animal health industry is competitive. although our business is the largest by revenue in the animal health medicines and vaccines industry, we face competition in the regions in which we operate. principal methods of competition vary depending on the particular region, species, product category or individual product. some of these methods include new product development, quality, price, service and promotion to veterinary professionals, pet owners and livestock producers. our competitors include the animal health businesses of large pharmaceutical companies and specialty animal health businesses. in recent years, there has been an increase in consolidation in the animal health industry. there are also several new start-up companies working in the animal health area. in addition to competition from established market participants, there could be new entrants to the animal health medicines and vaccines industry in the future. in certain markets, we also compete with companies that produce generic products, but the level of competition from generic products varies from market to market. for example, the level of generic competition is higher in europe and certain emerging markets than in the united states.
weather conditions and the availability of natural resources the animal health industry and demand for many of our animal health products in a particular region are affected by weather conditions, as usage of our products follows varying weather patterns and weather-related pressures from pests, such as ticks. as a result, we may experience regional and seasonal fluctuations in our results of operations.
in addition, veterinary hospitals and practitioners depend on visits from and access to the animals under their care. veterinarians' patient volume and ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience prolonged snow, ice or other severe weather conditions, particularly in regions not accustomed to sustained inclement weather. furthermore, livestock producers depend on the availability of natural resources, including large supplies of fresh water. their animals' health and their ability to operate could be adversely affected if they experience a shortage of fresh water due to human population growth or floods, droughts or other weather conditions. in the event of adverse weather conditions or a shortage of fresh water, veterinarians and livestock producers may purchase less of our products.
for example, drought conditions could negatively impact, among other things, the supply of corn and the availability of grazing pastures. a decrease in harvested corn results in higher corn prices, which could negatively impact the profitability of livestock producers of cattle, pork and poultry. higher corn prices and reduced availability of grazing pastures contribute to reductions in herd or flock sizes that in turn result in less spending on animal health products. as such, a prolonged drought could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. factors
influencing the magnitude and timing of effects of a drought on our performance include, but may not be limited to, weather patterns and herd management decisions.
disease outbreaks sales of our livestock products could be adversely affected by the outbreak of disease carried by animals. outbreaks of disease may reduce regional or global sales of particular animal-derived food products or result in reduced exports of such products, either due to heightened export restrictions or import prohibitions, which may reduce demand for our products. also, the outbreak of any highly contagious disease near our main production sites could require us to immediately halt production of our products at such sites or force us to incur substantial expenses in procuring raw materials or products elsewhere. alternatively, sales of products that treat specific disease outbreaks may increase.
manufacturing and supply in order to sell our products, we must be able to produce and ship our products in sufficient quantities. many of our products involve complex manufacturing processes and are sole-sourced from certain manufacturing sites. minor deviations in our manufacturing or logistical processes, such as temperature excursions or improper package sealing, could result in delays, inventory shortages, unanticipated costs, product recalls, product liability and/or regulatory action. in addition, a number of factors could cause production interruptions that could result in launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls, unanticipated costs or issues with our agreements under which we supply third parties.
our manufacturing network may be unable to meet the demand for our products or we may have excess capacity if demand for our products changes. the unpredictability of a product's regulatory or commercial success or failure, the lead time necessary to construct highly technical and complex manufacturing sites, and shifting customer demand increase the potential for capacity imbalances.
foreign exchange rates significant portions of our revenue and costs are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. our products are sold in more than 100 countries and, as a result, our revenue is influenced by changes in foreign exchange rates. for the year ended december 31, 2017, approximately 47% of our revenue was denominated in foreign currencies. we seek to manage our foreign exchange risk, in part, through operational means, including managing same-currency revenue in relation to same-currency costs and same-currency assets in relation to same-currency liabilities. as we operate in multiple foreign currencies, including the australian dollar, brazilian real, canadian dollar, chinese yuan, euro, u.k. pound and other currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar will impact our revenue, cost of goods and expenses, and consequently, net income. exchange rate fluctuations may also have an impact beyond our reported financial results and directly impact operations. these fluctuations may affect the ability to buy and sell our goods and services between markets impacted by significant exchange rate variances. for the year ended december 31, 2017, approximately 53% of our total revenue was in u.s. dollars. our year-over-year revenue growth was favorably impacted by 1% from changes in foreign currency values relative to the u.s. dollar.
in 2015, we recorded a net remeasurement loss of $89 million on bolivar-denominated net monetary assets, primarily related to cash deposits in venezuela. this loss was recorded as a result of our evaluation of evolving economic conditions in venezuela, including the devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar in 2013 and the subsequent changes to venezuela's foreign currency exchange mechanisms, in addition to our expectation of venezuela's responses to changes in its economy, and continued volatility.
operational efficiency program and supply network strategy during 2015, we launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program, which was incremental to the previously announced supply network strategy. these initiatives have focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios through the elimination of approximately 5,000 product stock keeping units (skus), changing our selling approach in certain markets, reducing our presence in certain countries, and planning to sell or exit 10 manufacturing sites over a long term period. as of december 31, 2017, we divested or exited three u.s. manufacturing sites, four international manufacturing sites, and our 55 percent ownership share of a taiwan joint venture, inclusive of its related manufacturing site. we are also continuing to optimize our resource allocation and efficiency by reducing resources associated with non-customer facing activities and operating more efficiently as a result of less internal complexity and more standardization of processes.
as part of these initiatives, we planned to reduce certain positions through divestitures, normal attrition and involuntary terminations by approximately 2,000 to 2,500, subject to consultations with works councils and unions in certain countries. in 2016, the operations of the guarulhos, brazil manufacturing site, including approximately 300 employees, were transferred to us from pfizer, which increased our range of planned reduction in certain positions to 2,300 to 2,800. including divestitures, as of december 31, 2017, approximately 2,600 positions have been eliminated and the comprehensive operational efficiency program is substantially complete, however in the fourth quarter of 2017, we expanded the supply network strategy initiative which increases our planned reductions in certain positions by 40. we expect these additional reductions related to our supply network strategy to take place over the next twelve months, and the remainder of the reductions from the initial plan to take place through divestitures over the next several years.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4b. acquisitions and divestitures: divestitures and note 5. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
•   continue to provide high-quality products and improve manufacturing production margins-we believe our manufacturing and supply chain provides us with a global platform for continued expansion, including in emerging markets, and that our quality and reliability differentiate us from our competitors; and
components of revenue and costs and expenses our revenue, costs and expenses are reported for the year ended december 31 for each year presented, except for operations outside the united states, for which the financial information is included in our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended november 30 for each year presented.
revenue our revenue is primarily derived from our diversified product portfolio of medicines and vaccines used to treat and protect livestock and companion animals. generally, our products are promoted to veterinarians and livestock producers by our sales organization which includes sales representatives and technical and veterinary operations specialists, and then sold directly by us or through distributors. the depth of our product portfolio enables us to address the varying needs of customers in different species and geographies. in 2017, our top two selling products, apoquel and the ceftiofur line, each contributed approximately 7% of our revenue, and combined with our next two top selling products, draxxin and revolution, these four contributed approximately 25% of our revenue. our top ten product lines contributed 39% of our revenue. for additional information regarding our products, including descriptions of our product lines that each represented approximately 1% or more of our revenue in 2017, see item 1. business-products.
costs and expenses costs of sales consist primarily of cost of materials, facilities and other infrastructure used to manufacture our medicine and vaccine products and royalty expenses associated with the intellectual property of our products, when relevant.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses consist of, among other things, the internal and external costs of marketing, promotion, advertising and shipping and handling as well as certain costs related to business technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, public affairs and procurement.
research and development (r&d) expenses consist primarily of project costs specific to new product r&d and product lifecycle innovation, overhead costs associated with r&d operations and investments that support local market clinical trials for approved indications and expenses related to regulatory approvals for our products. we do not disaggregate r&d expenses by research stage or by therapeutic area for purposes of managing our business.
amortization of intangible assets consists primarily of the amortization expense for identifiable finite-lived intangible assets that have been acquired through business combinations. these assets consist of, but are not limited to, developed technology, brands and trademarks.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs consist of all restructuring charges (those associated with acquisition activity and those associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives), as well as costs associated with acquiring and integrating businesses. restructuring charges are associated with employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the company. acquisition-related costs are associated with acquiring and integrating acquired businesses, such as pharmaq holding as and abbott animal health (aah) both acquired in 2015, and may include transaction costs and expenditures for consulting and the integration of systems and processes.
other (income)/deductions-net consist primarily of various items including net (gains)/losses on asset disposals, royalty-related income, foreign exchange translation (gains)/losses and certain asset impairment charges.
significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates in presenting our financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs and expenses and related disclosures. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 3. significant accounting policies.
we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most difficult, subjective and complex judgments and, therefore, could have the greatest impact on our financial statements: (i) fair value; (ii) revenue; (iii) asset impairment reviews; and (iv) contingencies.
below are some of our more critical accounting estimates. see also notes to consolidated financial statements- note 3. significant accounting policies- estimates and assumptions for a discussion about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions.
•   for sales returns, we perform calculations in each market that incorporate the following, as appropriate: local returns policies and practices; returns as a percentage of revenue; an understanding of the reasons for past returns; estimated shelf life by product; an estimate of the amount of time between shipment and return or lag time; and any other factors that could impact the estimate of future returns, product recalls, discontinuation of products or a changing competitive environment; and
•   for revenue incentives, we use our historical experience with similar incentives programs to estimate the impact of such programs on revenue.
if any of our ratios, factors, assessments, experiences or judgments are not indicative or accurate predictors of our future experience, our results could be materially affected. although the amounts recorded for these revenue deductions are dependent on estimates and assumptions, historically our adjustments to actual results have not been material. the sensitivity of our estimates can vary by program, type of customer and geographic location.
amounts recorded for revenue deductions can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for further information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 3. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
asset impairment reviews we review all of our long-lived assets for impairment indicators throughout the year and we perform detailed testing whenever impairment indicators are present. in addition, we perform impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually. when necessary, we record charges for impairments of long-lived assets for the amount by which the fair value is less than the carrying value of these assets.
our impairment review processes are described below and in notes to consolidated financial statements- note 3. significant accounting policies: amortization of intangible assets, depreciation and certain long-lived assets and, for deferred tax assets, in note 3. significant accounting policies: deferred tax assets and liabilities and income tax contingencies.
•   a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used. for example, restrictions imposed by the regulatory authorities could affect our ability to manufacture or sell a product, and
•   a projection or forecast that demonstrates losses or reduced profits associated with an asset. this could result, for example, from the introduction of a competitor's product that results in a significant loss of market share or the inability to achieve the previously projected revenue growth, or from the lack of acceptance of a product by customers.
our impairment reviews of most of our long-lived assets depend on the determination of fair value, as defined by u.s. gaap, and these judgments can materially impact our results of operations. a single estimate of fair value can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely on estimates and assumptions. for information about the risks associated with estimates and assumptions, see notes to consolidated financial statements-note 3. significant accounting policies: estimates and assumptions.
intangible assets other than goodwill we test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test that compares the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset with its carrying value is performed. if the fair value is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized.
as a result of our overall intangible asset impairment reviews, we recorded the following impairments of identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill, in restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs and other (income)/deductions-net, as applicable:
•   in 2016, the intangible asset impairment charges reflect approximately $1 million of finite-lived trademarks related to a canine pain management product that is no longer marketed.
•   in 2015, the intangible asset impairment charges reflect (i) approximately $27 million of developed technology rights due to product rationalization decisions associated with our operational efficiency initiative; and (ii) approximately $2 million of acquired in-process research and development (ipr&amp;d) assets related to the termination of a canine oncology project.
when we are required to determine the fair value of intangible assets other than goodwill, we use an income approach, specifically the multi-period excess earnings method, also known as the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the asset, which includes the application of a terminal value for indefinite-lived assets, and then we apply an asset-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value amount. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, the impact of technological risk associated with ipr&d assets, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the risks inherent in the projected cash flows; foreign currency fluctuations; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
while all identifiable intangible assets can be impacted by events and thus lead to impairment, in general, identifiable intangible assets that are at the highest risk of impairment include ipr&d assets (approximately $224 million as of december 31, 2017). ipr&d assets are higher-risk assets because r&d is an inherently risky activity.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets of businesses purchased and is assigned to reporting units. we test goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis, or more frequently if impairment indicators exist, either by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or by performing a quantitative assessment.
factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors which could have a significant effect on earnings or cash flows, the overall financial performance of the reporting unit and whether there have been sustained declines in our share price. additionally, we evaluate the extent to which the fair value exceeded the carrying value of the reporting unit at the date of the last quantitative assessment performed.
when performing a quantitative assessment to test for goodwill impairment we utilize the income approach, which is forward-looking, and relies primarily on internal forecasts. within the income approach, the method that we use is the discounted cash flow method. we start with a forecast of all the expected net cash flows associated with the reporting unit, which includes the application of a terminal value, and then apply a reporting unit-specific discount rate to arrive at a net present value. some of the more significant estimates and assumptions inherent in this approach include: the amount and timing of the projected net cash flows, which includes the expected impact of technological risk and competitive, legal and/or regulatory forces on the projections, as well as the selection of a long-term growth rate; the discount rate, which seeks to reflect the various risks inherent in the projected cash flows; and the tax rate, which seeks to incorporate the geographic diversity of the projected cash flows.
in 2017, we performed both qualitative and select quantitative impairment assessments as of october 1, 2017, which did not result in the impairment of goodwill associated with any of our reporting units.
in 2016, we performed a qualitative impairment assessment as of october 2, 2016, determined that is it not more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units are less than the carrying amount, and therefore concluded that a quantitative fair value test was not required.
for all of our reporting units, there are a number of future events and factors that may impact future results and that could potentially have an impact on the outcome of subsequent goodwill impairment testing. for a list of these factors, see forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results.
for a discussion about legal contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications, see notes to consolidated financial statement- note 17. commitments and contingencies.
analysis of the consolidated statements of income the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated statements of income should be read along with our consolidated financial statements, and the notes thereto.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs              19                     5                   320                *             (98   )
interest expense, net of capitalized interest                           175                   166                   124                5              34
(a)   amortization expense related to finite-lived acquired intangible assets that contribute to our ability to sell, manufacture, research, market and distribute products, compounds and intellectual property is included in amortization of intangible assets as these intangible assets benefit multiple business functions. amortization expense related to finite-lived acquired intangible assets that are associated with a single function is included in cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses or research and development expenses, as appropriate.
total revenue increased by $419 million in 2017, compared with 2016 reflecting operational revenue growth of $406 million, or 8%. operational revenue growth (a non-gaap financial measure) is defined as revenue growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange. operational revenue growth was comprised primarily of the following:
•   product rationalizations as part of the operational efficiency initiative, which resulted in a decline of approximately 1%.
total revenue increased by $123 million in 2016, compared with 2015, reflecting operational revenue growth of $250 million, or 5%. operational revenue growth was comprised primarily of the following:
•   recent acquisitions, primarily pharmaq and the acquisition of certain assets of abbott animal health, which contributed approximately 2%, partially offset by:
•   our product and market rationalization as part of the operational efficiency initiative, which resulted in a decline of approximately 5%.
cost of sales increased $109 million, or 7%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of:
•   the nonrecurrence of charges reflecting fair value adjustments to inventory related to the acquisition of pharmaq; and
cost of sales decreased $72 million, or 4%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of:
•   the inclusion of the cost of products for pharmaq, as well as charges reflecting fair value adjustments to inventory related to the acquisition of pharmaq;
sg&a expenses decreased $30 million, or 2%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of:
•   the nonrecurrence of additional costs related to becoming an independent public company;
•   a reduction in marketing and general and administrative expense driven by our operational efficiency initiative; and
•   a reduction in consulting charges relating to our operational efficiency initiative, partially offset by:
•   higher advertising and promotional spending associated with new products and apoquel®.
sg&a expenses decreased $168 million, or 11%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of:
•   a reduction in marketing and general and administrative expense driven by our operational efficiency initiative;
•   a reduction in the amount of additional costs related to becoming an independent public company;
•   a reduction in consulting charges relating to our operational efficiency initiative, partially offset by:
•   higher advertising and promotional spending associated with new products;
•   an increase in depreciation associated with the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system.
r&d expenses increased $6 million, or 2%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of:
•   a reduction in spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative.
r&d expenses increased $12 million, or 3%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of:
•   a reduction in spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative.
amortization of intangible assets increased $6 million, or 7%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of certain intangible assets, acquired in november 2015 as part of the pharmaq acquisition, being placed into service during the first quarter of 2017.
amortization of intangible assets increased $24 million, or 39%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of certain intangible assets acquired in the pharmaq acquisition in november 2015.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs year ended december 31,   % change
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs           $19                  $5                $320        *              (98   )
during 2015, we launched a comprehensive operational efficiency program, which was incremental to the previously announced supply network strategy. these initiatives have focused on reducing complexity in our product portfolios through the elimination of approximately 5,000 product stock keeping units (skus), changing our selling approach in certain markets, reducing our presence in certain countries, and planning to sell or exit 10 manufacturing sites over a long term period. as of december 31, 2017, we divested or exited three u.s. manufacturing sites, four international manufacturing sites, and our 55 percent ownership share of a taiwan joint venture, inclusive of its related manufacturing site. we are also continuing to optimize our resource allocation and efficiency by reducing resources associated with non-customer facing activities and operating more efficiently as a result of less internal complexity and more standardization of processes. as part of these initiatives, we planned to reduce certain positions through divestitures, normal attrition and involuntary terminations by approximately 2,000 to 2,500, subject to consultations with works councils and unions in certain countries. in 2016, the operations of the guarulhos, brazil manufacturing site, including approximately 300 employees, were transferred to us from pfizer, which increased our range of planned reduction in certain positions to 2,300 to 2,800. including divestitures, as of december 31, 2017, approximately 2,600 positions have been eliminated and the comprehensive operational efficiency program is substantially complete, however in the fourth quarter of 2017, we expanded the supply network strategy initiative which increases our planned reductions in certain positions by 40. we expect these additional reductions related to our supply network strategy to take place over the next twelve months, and the remainder of the reductions from the initial plan to take place through divestitures over the next several years.
our acquisition-related costs primarily relate to restructuring charges for employees, assets and activities that will not continue in the future, as well as integration costs. the majority of these net restructuring charges are related to termination costs, but we also exited a number of distributor and other contracts and performed certain facility rationalization efforts. our integration costs are generally comprised of consulting costs related to the integration of systems and processes, as well as product transfer costs.
for additional information regarding restructuring charges and acquisition-related costs, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs increased by $14 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of:
•   higher employee termination costs a result of the acquisition of an irish biologic therapeutics company in the third quarter of 2017, initiatives to better align our organizational structure in europe, and our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy, and
•   higher integration costs in 2017 as a result of the acquisition of an irish biologic therapeutics company in the third quarter of 2017, and the acquisition of pharmaq in 2015.
restructuring charges and certain acquisition-related costs decreased by $315 million, or 98%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of:
•   higher employee termination costs and higher asset impairment charges incurred in 2015 as a result of the launch of our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy, and
interest expense, net of capitalized interest year ended december 31,                % change
interest expense, net of capitalized interest          $175                $166                $124        5                  34
interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased by $9 million, or 5%, in 2017 compared with 2016, as a result of the issuance of $1.25 billion of our senior notes in september 2017.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest, increased by $42 million, or 34%, in 2016 compared with 2015, as a result of the issuance of $1.25 billion of our senior notes in november 2015.
the change in other (income)/deductions-net reflects an unfavorable impact of $8 million in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily as a result of:
•   a net loss of $11 million in 2017 related to sales of certain manufacturing sites and products, including the disposal of our manufacturing site in guarulhos, brazil, in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared with a net gain of $26 million in 2016 related to sales of certain manufacturing sites and products, and
•   income of a $8 million in 2017 due to an insurance recovery related to commercial settlements in mexico, as well as a favorable outcome on a patent infringement settlement, compared with a charge of $14 million in 2016 related to a commercial settlement in mexico.
the change in other (income)/deductions-net reflects a favorable impact of $83 million on income in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily as a result of:
•   a net gain of $26 million in 2016 related to sales of certain manufacturing sites and products, partially offset by:
the income tax provision in the consolidated statements of income includes tax costs and benefits, such as uncertain tax positions, repatriation decisions and audit settlements, among others.
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act (the tax act) was enacted which, among other changes, reduces the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. the tax act makes broad and complex changes to the u.s. tax code and it will take time to fully analyze the impact of the changes. based on the information available, and the current interpretation of the tax act, the company was able to make a reasonable estimate and recorded a provisional tax expense related to the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax, partially offset by the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities, as of the date of enactment, due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate. pursuant to the staff accounting bulletin published by the securities and exchange commission on december 22, 2017, addressing the challenges in accounting for the effects of the tax act in the period of enactment, companies must report provisional amounts for those specific income tax effects of the tax act for which the accounting is incomplete but a reasonable estimate can be determined. those provisional amounts will be subject to adjustment during a measurement period of up to one year from the enactment date. pursuant to this guidance, the estimated impact of the tax act is
on january 11, 2016, the european commission concluded that the belgium "excess profits tax scheme" constitutes illegal state aid and ordered the belgian authorities to recover benefits from taxpayers who are parties to an excess profits ruling. as a result, the 2017 and 2016 effective tax rates do not reflect any benefit of the excess profits ruling and does incorporate the belgium government's recovery of benefits for the periods 2013 through 2015 offset by the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the rates expected to be in place at the time of the reversal and without consideration of implementation of any future operational changes.
the higher effective tax rate in 2017 compared with 2016 is primarily due to the following components:
•   a $212 million net discrete provisional tax expense recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017, related to the impact of the tax act enacted on december 22, 2017, including a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax, partially offset by a net tax benefit related to the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities, as of the date of enactment, due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate;
•   changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items;
•   tax expense related to changes in uncertain tax positions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8d. tax matters: tax contingencies, partially offset by:
•   changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings from operations and repatriation costs. the jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary as a result of repatriation decisions and operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and the impact of non-deductible items;
•   a $15 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the effective settlement of certain issues with u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities;
•   a $9 million discrete tax benefit recorded in 2017 related to the excess tax benefits for share-based payments; and
•   a $3 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2017 related to a remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of a change in non-u.s. statutory tax rates.
the lower effective tax rate in 2016 compared with 2015 is primarily due to the following components:
•   the impact of the extent and location of restructuring charges related to the operational efficiency initiative, supply network strategy, asset impairments and gains and losses on asset divestitures;
•   a $15 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to prior period tax adjustments;
•   a $10 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2016 related to a remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of a change in statutory tax rates;
•   a $7 million discrete tax benefit recorded in 2016 related to the excess tax benefits for share-based payments; and
•   a $2 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the second half of 2016 related to a remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the tax rates expected to be in place going forward as a result of the implementation of operational changes, partially offset by:
•   changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings from operations and repatriation costs. the jurisdictional mix of earnings can vary as a result of repatriation decisions and operating fluctuations in the normal course of business and the impact of non-deductible items;
•   a net tax expense of approximately $35 million mainly recorded in the first half of 2016 related to the impact of the european commission's negative decision on the excess profits rulings in belgium. this net charge represents the recovery of prior tax benefits for the periods 2013 through 2015 offset by the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the rates expected to be in place at the time of the reversal and without consideration of implementation of any future operational changes, and does not include any benefits associated with a successful appeal of the decision;
•   changes in valuation allowances and resolution of other tax items; and
•   tax expense related to changes in uncertain tax positions, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8d. tax matters: tax contingencies.
operating segment results we believe that it is important to not only understand overall revenue and earnings growth, but also "operational growth." operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange.
other business activities              (313    )        (309    )        (293    )         1                                       5
reconciling items:
acquisition-related costs               (10    )          (4    )         (21    )         *                                     (81   )
certain significant items               (25    )         (57    )        (592    )       (56    )                                (90   )
u.s. operating segment u.s. segment revenue increased by $173 million, or 7%, in 2017 compared with 2016, of which approximately $17 million resulted from growth in livestock products and approximately $156 million resulted from growth in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue increased primarily due to cattle and poultry products, partly offset by swine products. cattle experienced growth across our portfolio, while poultry growth was due to increased sales of medicated feed additives. certain medicated feed additive products for both cattle and swine were negatively impacted by livestock producers' implementation of the veterinary feed directive. in addition, swine declined due to vaccine competition.
•   companion animal revenue growth was driven primarily by our dermatology portfolio, in addition to new products, particularly simparica®. growth was tempered by the prior year's initial sales of certain products into expanded distribution relationships, as well as lower sales due to competition for our pain and anti-infective products.
u.s. segment earnings increased by $129 million, or 9%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to revenue growth and improved gross margin, partially offset by higher operating expenses related to promotional activity for new products and apoquel®.
international operating segment international segment revenue increased by $253 million, or 11%, in 2017 compared with 2016. operational revenue increased $240 million, or 10%, reflecting growth of approximately $125 million in livestock products and growth of approximately $115 million in companion animal products.
•   companion animal revenue growth resulted primarily from increased sales of our dermatology portfolio, in addition to new products, primarily simparica®. sales also benefited from increased demand in china due to field force expansions and increasing medicalization rates.
international segment earnings increased by $186 million, or 18%, in 2017 compared with 2016. operational earnings growth was $183 million, or 17%, primarily due to higher revenue and improved gross margin.
u.s. operating segment u.s. segment revenue increased by $119 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared with 2015, of which approximately $24 million resulted from declines in livestock products and approximately $143 million resulted from growth in companion animal products.
•   livestock revenue declined primarily due to product rationalizations as part of the company's operational efficiency initiative, which impacted both poultry and swine. additionally, sales of cattle products were impacted by unfavorable market conditions, while swine was impacted by increased competition.
•   companion animal revenue growth was driven by increased sales of apoquel®, new product launches, and initial sales of products into expanded distribution relationships. partially offsetting growth was a decline in the company's surgical fluid products.
u.s. segment earnings increased by $118 million, or 8%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to revenue growth and improved gross margin.
international operating segment international segment revenue increased by $4 million, in 2016 compared with 2015. segment revenue was unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange, which decreased revenue by approximately 5%, primarily driven by the depreciation of the brazilian real, argentine peso and u.k. pound.
•   livestock revenue growth was driven primarily by the acquisition of pharmaq, with sales primarily in chile and norway. growth also benefited from swine performance in china, as well as cattle performance in certain emerging markets. growth was partially offset by our operational efficiency initiative, which includes product rationalization and the impact of our business decisions in venezuela and india.
•   companion animal revenue growth resulted from increased sales of apoquel®, other new product launches, and demand for our vaccines portfolio in china, due to increased field force expansions and positive medicalization rates.
international segment earnings increased by $113 million, or 12%, in 2016 compared with 2015. operational earnings growth was $159 million, or 17%, primarily due to higher revenue, improved gross margin, and lower operating expenses.
other business activities other business activities includes our css contract manufacturing results, as well as expenses associated with our dedicated veterinary medicine r&d organization, research alliances, u.s. regulatory affairs and other operations focused on the development of our products. other r&d-related costs associated with non-u.s. market and regulatory activities are generally included in the international segment.
other business activities net loss increased by $4 million, or 1%, in 2017 compared with 2016, reflecting the inclusion of the veterinary diagnostics business acquired in 2016 and the irish biologic therapeutics company acquired in 2017.
other business activities net loss increased by $16 million, or 5%, in 2016 compared with 2015, reflecting an increase in r&d spending driven by higher development expenses for late-stage projects and the addition of pharmaq r&d expenses, partially offset by a decrease in r&d spending driven by our operational efficiency initiative
reconciling items reconciling items include certain costs that are not allocated to our operating segments results, such as costs associated with the following:
•   corporate, which includes certain costs associated with information technology, facilities, legal, finance, human resources, business development, and communications, among others. these costs also include certain compensation costs and other miscellaneous operating expenses that are not charged to our operating segments, as well as interest income and expense;
•   certain transactions and events such as (i) purchase accounting adjustments, which includes expenses associated with the amortization of fair value adjustments to inventory, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment; (ii) acquisition-related activities, which includes costs for acquisition and integration; and (iii) certain significant items, which includes non-acquisition-related restructuring charges, certain asset impairment charges, stand-up costs, certain legal and commercial settlements, and costs associated with cost reduction/productivity initiatives; and
•   other unallocated, which includes (i) certain overhead expenses associated with our global manufacturing operations not charged to our operating segments; (ii) certain costs associated with information technology and finance that specifically support our global manufacturing operations; (iii) certain supply chain and global logistics costs; and (iv) procurement costs.
corporate expenses decreased by $59 million, or 9%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to the favorable impact of foreign exchange, a reduction in expenses driven by our operational efficiency initiative and a decrease in certain compensation costs not allocated to our operating segments, partially offset by higher interest expense, net of capitalized interest associated with the additional debt issued in september 2017.
other unallocated expenses increased by $110 million, or 61%, in 2017 compared with 2016, primarily due to higher global manufacturing and supply costs and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by a decrease in inventory obsolescence, scrap and other charges.
corporate expenses increased by $78 million, or 13%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, which includes exposures to certain emerging market currencies and costs related to hedging, and higher interest expense, net of capitalized interest, associated with the additional debt issued in november 2015, partly offset by a decrease in certain compensation costs not charged to our operating segments.
other unallocated expenses decreased by $36 million, or 17%, in 2016 compared with 2015, primarily due to lower global manufacturing and supply costs and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by an increase in inventory obsolescence, scrap and other charges.
adjusted net income is an alternative view of performance used by management, and we believe that investors' understanding of our performance is enhanced by disclosing this performance measure. we report adjusted net income to portray the results of our major operations, the discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of our products, prior to considering certain income statement elements. we have defined adjusted net income as net income attributable to zoetis before the impact of purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs and certain significant items described below. the adjusted net income measure is not, and should not be viewed as, a substitute for u.s. gaap reported net income attributable to zoetis.
the adjusted net income measure is an important internal measurement for us. we measure our overall performance on this basis in conjunction with other performance metrics. the following are examples of how the adjusted net income measure is utilized:
despite the importance of this measure to management in goal setting and performance measurement, adjusted net income is a non-gaap financial measure that has no standardized meaning prescribed by u.s. gaap and, therefore, may not be comparable to the calculation of similar measures of other companies. adjusted net income is presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses performance.
we also recognize that, as an internal measure of performance, the adjusted net income measure has limitations, and we do not restrict our performance management process solely to this metric. a limitation of the adjusted net income measure is that it provides a view of our operations without including all events during a period, such as the effects of an acquisition or amortization of purchased intangibles, and does not provide a comparable view of our performance to other companies. we also use other specifically tailored metrics designed to achieve the highest levels of performance.
purchase accounting adjustments adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering certain significant purchase accounting impacts that result from business combinations and net asset acquisitions. these impacts, primarily associated with the acquisition of the pharmaq business (acquired in november 2015), certain assets of abbott animal health (acquired in february 2015), kah (acquired in 2011), fdah (acquired in 2009), and pharmacia animal health business (acquired in 2003), include amortization related to the increase in fair value of the acquired finite-lived intangible assets and depreciation related to the increase/decrease to fair value of the acquired fixed assets. therefore, the adjusted net income measure includes the revenue earned upon the sale of the acquired products without considering the aforementioned significant charges.
while certain purchase accounting adjustments can occur through 20 or more years, this presentation provides an alternative view of our performance that is used by management to internally assess business performance. we believe the elimination of amortization attributable to acquired intangible assets provides management and investors an alternative view of our business results by providing a degree of parity to internally developed intangible assets for which r&d costs previously have been expensed.
a completely accurate comparison of internally developed intangible assets and acquired intangible assets cannot be achieved through adjusted net income. these components of adjusted net income are derived solely from the impact of the items listed above. we have not factored in the impact of any other differences in experience that might have occurred if we had discovered and developed those intangible assets on our own, and this approach does not intend to be representative of the results that would have occurred in those circumstances. for example, our r&d costs in total, and in the periods presented, may have been different; our speed to commercialization and resulting revenue, if any, may have been different; or our costs to manufacture may have been different. in addition, our marketing efforts may have been received differently by our customers. as such, in total, there can be no assurance that our adjusted net income amounts would have been the same as presented had we discovered and developed the acquired intangible assets.
acquisition-related costs adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering transaction and integration costs associated with significant business combinations or net asset acquisitions because these costs are unique to each transaction and represent costs that were incurred to acquire and integrate certain businesses as a result of the acquisition decision. we have made no adjustments for the resulting synergies.
we believe that viewing income prior to considering these charges provides investors with a useful additional perspective because the significant costs incurred in a business combination result primarily from the need to eliminate duplicate assets, activities or employees--a natural result of acquiring a fully integrated set of activities. for this reason, we believe that the costs incurred to convert disparate systems, to close duplicative facilities or to eliminate duplicate positions (for example, in the context of a business combination) can be viewed differently from those costs incurred in the ordinary course of business.
the integration costs associated with a business combination may occur over several years, with the more significant impacts generally ending within three years of the transaction. because of the need for certain external approvals for some actions, the span of time needed to achieve certain restructuring and integration activities can be lengthy. for example, due to the regulated nature of the animal health medicines and vaccines business, the closure of excess facilities can take several years, as all manufacturing changes are subject to extensive validation and testing and must be approved by the fda and/or other regulatory authorities.
certain significant items adjusted net income is calculated prior to considering certain significant items. certain significant items represent substantive, unusual items that are evaluated on an individual basis. such evaluation considers both the quantitative and the qualitative aspect of their unusual nature. unusual, in this context, may represent items that are not part of our ongoing business; items that, either as a result of their nature or size, we would not expect to occur as part of our normal business on a regular basis; items that would be nonrecurring; or items that relate to products that we no longer sell. while not all-inclusive, examples of items that could be included as certain significant items would be costs related to becoming an independent public company; a major non-acquisition-related restructuring charge and associated implementation costs for a program that is specific in nature with a defined term, such as those related to our non-acquisition-related cost-reduction and productivity initiatives; amounts related to disposals of products or facilities that do not qualify as discontinued operations as defined by u.s. gaap; certain intangible asset impairments; adjustments related to the resolution of certain tax positions; significant currency devaluation; the impact of adopting certain significant, event-driven tax legislation; or charges related to legal matters. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 17. commitments and contingencies. our normal, ongoing defense costs or settlements of and accruals on legal matters made in the normal course of our business would not be considered certain significant items.
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                          7                   4                  22               75             (82   )
certain significant items-net of tax                        263                  90                 489                *             (82   )
(a)   the effective tax rate on adjusted pretax income is 28.2%, 29.9% and 26.8% for full year 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the lower effective tax rate in 2017 compared to 2016 is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as repatriation costs, a $15 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the effective settlement of certain issues with u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities, and a $9 million discrete tax benefit recorded in 2017 related to the excess tax benefits for share-based payments. the higher effective tax rate in 2016 compared to 2015 is primarily due to changes in the jurisdictional mix of earnings, which includes the impact of the location of earnings as well as repatriation costs, offset by a $15 million discrete tax benefit related to prior period tax adjustments, a $7 million discrete tax benefit recorded in 2016 related to the excess tax benefits for share-based payments, and a $4 million discrete tax benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2015 related to prior period deferred tax adjustments.
(b)   the impact of the incentive tax rulings in belgium and singapore were a component of the 2015 effective tax rate, but are no longer a component of the 2017 and 2016 effective tax rates. for additional information on the impact of the european commission's negative decision on the belgium excess profits ruling on january 11, 2016, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8a. tax matters: taxes on income. the u.s. research and development tax credit which was permanently extended on december 18, 2015, is a component of the 2017, 2016 and 2015 effective tax rates.
acquisition-related costs-net of tax                      0.01                0.01                0.04                -             (75   )
certain significant items-net of tax                      0.54                0.18                0.97                *             (81   )
(a)   diluted earnings per share was computed using the weighted-average common shares outstanding during the period plus the common stock equivalents related to stock options, restricted stock units, performance-vesting restricted stock units and deferred stock units.
interest expense, net of capitalized interest          $175                $166                $124
adjusted net income, as shown above, excludes the following items:
acquisition-related costs:
total acquisition-related costs-pre-tax                                                                               10                   4                  21
total acquisition-related costs-net of tax                                                                             7                   4                  22
certain significant items:
operational efficiency initiative(e)                                                                                   5                  (9    )            346
other restructuring charges and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives(g)                                             4                  (1    )              -
total certain significant items-pre-tax                                                                               25                  57                 592
total certain significant items-net of tax                                                                           263                  90                 489
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, and certain significant items-net of tax          $321                $154                $550
(a)   amortization and depreciation expenses related to purchase accounting adjustments with respect to identifiable intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.
income taxes in purchase accounting adjustments for 2017, also includes (i) a provisional tax benefit of approximately $17 million related to the remeasurement of the company's deferred taxes due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate as provided by the tax act enacted on december 22, 2017, (ii) remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of a change in non-u.s. statutory tax rates, and (iii) a net tax charge related to prior period tax adjustments.
income taxes in purchase accounting adjustments for 2016, also includes a tax benefit related to the remeasurement of deferred taxes as a result of a change in tax rates.
income taxes in acquisition-related costs for 2016, also includes a tax charge related to the acquisition of certain assets of abbott animal health.
income taxes in certain significant items for 2017, also includes (i) a provisional net tax charge of approximately $229 million related to the impact of the tax act enacted on december 22, 2017, including a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on the company's undistributed non-u.s. earnings, partially offset by a net tax benefit related to the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, as of the date of enactment, due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate, (ii) a net tax charge of approximately $3 million as a result of the implementation of certain operational changes, and (iii) a tax charge of approximately $2 million related to the disposal of certain assets.
income taxes in certain significant items for 2016, also includes (i) a net tax charge of approximately $20 million recorded in the second half of 2016, as a result of the implementation of certain operational changes, which represents an increase to current income tax expense of approximately $22 million, offset by a $2 million tax benefit related to a remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities using the tax rates expected to be in place going forward, and (ii) a net tax charge of approximately $35 million mainly recorded in the first half of 2016, related to the impact of the european commission's negative decision on the excess profits rulings in belgium which represents the recovery of prior tax benefits for the periods 2013 through 2015, offset by the remeasurement of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities, using the rates expected to be in place at the time of the reversal and without consideration of implementation of any future operational changes, and does not include any benefits associated with a successful appeal of the decision.
(d)   for 2017, represents employee termination costs related to the acquisition of an irish biologic therapeutics company in the third quarter of 2017.
(e)   for 2017, includes an adjustment to inventory reserves of $2 million, consulting fees of $2 million, restructuring charges of $4 million related to employee termination costs ($1 million) and exit costs ($3 million), and a net loss related to sales of certain manufacturing sites and products of $1 million.
for 2016, includes inventory write-offs of $5 million, consulting fees of $14 million, accelerated depreciation of $1 million, a reversal of employee termination costs of $8 million, an increase in exit costs of $5 million, and a $26 million net gain related to divestitures.
for 2015, includes restructuring charges of $291 million related to employee termination costs ($253 million) and asset impairments ($38 million), inventory write-offs of $13 million, accelerated depreciation of $2 million, and $40 million primarily related to consulting fees.
(f)   for 2017, includes accelerated depreciation of $2 million, an adjustment of $2 million related to discontinuing the depreciation of assets located at the manufacturing site in guarulhos, brazil that was sold in the fourth quarter of 2017, consulting fees of $5 million, restructuring charges of $1 million related to a net increase in employee termination costs, and a net loss of $9 million, related to sales of certain manufacturing sites and products, including our manufacturing site in guarulhos, brazil.
for 2016, represents restructuring charges of $6 million related to employee termination costs, accelerated depreciation of $6 million, inventory write-offs of $1 million and consulting fees of $6 million.
(g)   represents charges incurred for restructuring and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives. for 2017, charges are related to employee termination costs in europe as a result of initiatives to better align our organizational structure.
(h)   for 2016, represents an impairment of finite-lived trademarks related to a canine pain management product. for 2015, primarily represents impairment charges related to assets held by our joint venture in taiwan, which was subsequently sold in 2016, and an impairment of ipr&amp;d assets related to the termination of a canine oncology project.
(i)   represents certain non-recurring costs related to becoming an independent public company, such as the creation of standalone systems and infrastructure, site separation, new branding (including changes to the manufacturing process for required new packaging),and certain legal registration and patent assignment costs.
(j)   for 2015, represents charges primarily related to the foreign currency losses associated with our venezuela business. for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 7. foreign currency losses related to venezuela revaluation.
(k)   for 2017, primarily represents costs associated with changes to our operating model of $3 million, and income of $5 million related to an insurance recovery from commercial settlements in mexico recorded in 2014 and 2016.
for 2016, represents costs associated with changes to our operating model of $10 million and a charge associated with a commercial settlement in mexico of $14 million.
for 2015, represents charges due to unusual investor-related activities.
the classification of the above items excluded from adjusted net income are as follows:
inventory write-offs                                                                                                  (2    )              5                  13
restructuring (benefits)/charges and certain acquisition-related costs:
exit costs                                                                                                             3                   4                   -
total restructuring (benefits)/charges and certain acquisition-related costs                                          19                   5                 320
acquisition-related costs                                                                                              -                   1                   -
total purchase accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, and certain significant items-net of tax          $321                $154                $550
analysis of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income substantially all changes in other comprehensive income for the periods presented are related to foreign currency translation adjustments. these changes result from the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar as compared to the currencies in the countries in which we do business. the gains and losses associated with these changes are deferred on the balance sheet in accumulated other comprehensive loss until realized.
for a discussion about the changes in cash and cash equivalents, short-term borrowings, current portion of long term debt, and long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs, see "analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources" below.
inventories decreased primarily as a result of our inventory reduction initiative and the sale of our guarulhos, brazil manufacturing site, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 10. inventories.
property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation increased primarily as a result of capital spending, partially offset by depreciation expense and the sale of assets associated with the disposal of our manufacturing site in guarulhos, brazil.
goodwill increased primarily due to the 2017 acquisition of an irish biologic therapeutics company and the consolidation of a european livestock monitoring company, a variable interest entity of which zoetis is the primary beneficiary, in addition to the impact of foreign exchange. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. acquisitions and divestitures and note 12. goodwill and other intangible assets.
identifiable intangible assets, less accumulated amortization increased primarily due to the 2017 acquisitions of an irish biologic therapeutics company and a norwegian fish vaccination company, in addition to the consolidation of a european livestock monitoring company, a variable interest entity of which zoetis is the primary beneficiary. this was partially offset by amortization expense. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. acquisitions and divestitures and note 12. goodwill and other intangible assets.
the net changes in noncurrent deferred tax assets, noncurrent deferred tax liabilities, income taxes payable and other taxes payable primarily reflect adjustments to the accrual for the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2017, as well as the impact of the tax act related to the provisional tax liability recorded for the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on the company's undistributed non-u.s. earnings, and the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and liabilities, as of the date of enactment, due to the reduction in the u.s. federal corporate tax rate. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8. tax matters.
accrued expenses and other current liabilities decreased primarily as a result of payment of employee termination costs associated with operational efficiency initiatives. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives.
for an analysis of the changes in total equity, see the consolidated statements of equity and notes to consolidated financial statements- note 15. stockholders' equity.
operating activities                                                  $1,346                $713                  $664               89       7
investing activities                                                    (270    )           (214    )           (1,115    )          26             (81   )
financing activities                                                    (251    )           (903    )              755              (72   )           *
operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities was $1,346 million in 2017 compared with $713 million in 2016. the increase in operating cash flows was primarily attributable to higher income before allocation of noncontrolling interests, lower employee termination payments related to our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy, the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, and lower inventory levels.
net cash provided by operating activities was $713 million in 2016 compared with $664 million in 2015. the increase in operating cash flows was primarily attributable to higher income before allocation of noncontrolling interests, and the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business, partially offset by employee termination payments related to our operational efficiency initiative and supply network strategy and higher inventory levels.
investing activities
net cash used in investing activities was $270 million in 2017 compared with $214 million in 2016. the net cash used in investing activities for 2017 was due primarily to capital expenditures and the acquisitions of an irish biologic therapeutics company and a norwegian fish vaccination company, partially offset by the proceeds from the sale of our manufacturing site in guarulhos, brazil. the net cash used in investing activities in 2016 was due primarily to capital expenditures, the acquisition of a veterinary diagnostics business in denmark, partially offset by proceeds from the sales of certain manufacturing sites and products as part of the operational efficiency initiative.
net cash used in investing activities was $214 million in 2016 compared with $1,115 million in 2015. the net cash used in investing activities in 2016 was due primarily to capital expenditures, the acquisition of a veterinary diagnostics business in denmark, partially offset by proceeds from the sales of certain manufacturing sites and products as part of the operational efficiency initiative. the net cash used in investing activities in 2015 was primarily attributable to the acquisitions of pharmaq and of certain assets of abbott animal health.
financing activities
net cash used in financing activities was $251 million in 2017 compared with $903 million in 2016. the net cash used in financing activities for 2017 was primarily attributable to the senior note payment in october 2017, the purchase of treasury shares and the payment of dividends, partially offset by the proceeds received from the issuance of senior notes in september 2017. the net cash used in financing activities for 2016 was due primarily to the senior note payment in february 2016, the purchase of treasury shares and the payment of dividends.
net cash used in financing activities was $903 million in 2016 compared with net cash provided by financing activities of $755 million in 2015. the net cash used in financing activities for 2016 was due primarily to the senior note payment in february 2016, the purchase of treasury shares, the acquisition of the remaining noncontrolling interest in a variable interest entity previously consolidated by zoetis as the primary beneficiary, and the payment of dividends. the net cash provided by financing activities in 2015 was primarily attributable to proceeds received from the november 2015 issuance of senior notes, partially offset by the purchase of treasury shares and the payment of dividends.
analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources while we believe our cash and cash equivalents on hand, our operating cash flows and our existing financing arrangements will be sufficient to support our future cash needs, this may be subject to the environment in which we operate. risks to our meeting future funding requirements include global economic conditions described in the following paragraph.
global financial markets may be impacted by macroeconomic, business and financial volatility. as markets change, we will continue to monitor our liquidity position, but there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or an economic downturn will not impact our liquidity or our ability to obtain future financing.
selected measures of liquidity and capital resources certain relevant measures of our liquidity and capital resources follow:
working capital                                            3,123                 2,273
ratio of current assets to current liabilities            3.85:1                3.03:1
(a)   accounts receivable are usually collected over a period of 60 to 90 days. for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, the number of days that accounts receivables are outstanding remained approximately the same. we regularly monitor our accounts receivable for collectability, particularly in markets where economic conditions remain uncertain. we believe that our allowance for doubtful accounts is appropriate. our assessment is based on such factors as past due aging, historical and expected collection patterns, the financial condition of our customers, the robust nature of our credit and collection practices and the economic environment.
for additional information about the sources and uses of our funds, see the analysis of the consolidated balance sheets and analysis of the consolidated statements of cash flows sections of this md&a.
credit facility and other lines of credit in december 2016, we entered into an amended and restated revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of banks providing for a five-year $1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility (the credit facility). in december 2017, the maturity for the amended and restated revolving credit agreement was extended through december 2022. subject to certain conditions, we have the right to increase the credit facility to up to $1.5 billion. the credit facility contains a financial covenant requiring us to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated net debt as of the end of the period to consolidated earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) for such period) of 3.50:1. upon
entering into a material acquisition, the maximum total leverage ratio increases to 4.00:1, and extends until the fourth full consecutive fiscal quarter ended immediately following the consummation of a material acquisition.
the credit facility also contains a clause which adds back to adjusted consolidated ebitda, any operational efficiency restructuring charge (defined as charges recorded by the company during the period commencing on october 1, 2016 and ending december 31, 2019, related to operational efficiency initiatives), provided that for any twelve month period such charges added back to adjusted consolidated ebitda shall not exceed $100 million in the aggregate.
the credit facility also contains a financial covenant requiring that we maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio (the ratio of ebitda at the end of the period to interest expense for such period) of 3.50:1. in addition, the credit facility contains other customary covenants.
we were in compliance with all financial covenants as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016. there were no amounts drawn under the credit facility as of december 31, 2017 or december 31, 2016.
we have additional lines of credit and other credit arrangements with a group of banks and other financial intermediaries for general corporate purposes. we maintain cash and cash equivalent balances in excess of our outstanding short-term borrowings. as of december 31, 2017, we had access to $75 million of lines of credit which expire at various times throughout 2017 and 2018, and are generally renewed annually. we did not have any borrowings outstanding related to these facilities as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016.
domestic and international short-term funds many of our operations are conducted outside the united states. the amount of funds held in the united states will fluctuate due to the timing of receipts and payments in the ordinary course of business and due to other reasons, such as business development activities. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of u.s. and international cash flows (both inflows and outflows). repatriation of overseas funds can result in additional united states, federal, state and local income tax payments. we record u.s. deferred tax liabilities for certain unremitted earnings, but when amounts earned overseas are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states, no accrual for u.s. taxes is provided. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 8. tax matters.
global economic conditions the challenging economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a significant impact on our liquidity. due to our operating cash flows, financial assets, access to capital markets and available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements, we continue to believe that we have the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. as markets change, we continue to monitor our liquidity position. there can be no assurance that a challenging economic environment or a further economic downturn would not impact our ability to obtain financing in the future.
other liabilities reflected on our consolidated balance sheets under u.s. gaap(b)             139            79            21            11             28
operating lease commitments                                                                   168            35            49            31             53
benefit plans - continuing service credit obligations(d)                                       19             4             8             7      -
uncertain tax positions(e)                                                                      -             -             -             -      -
(b)   includes expected employee termination payments that represent contractual obligations, expected payments related to our unfunded u.s. supplemental (non-qualified) savings plans, deferred compensation and expected payments relating to our future benefit payments net of plan assets (included in the determination of the projected benefit obligation) for pension plans that are dedicated to zoetis employees and those transferred to us from pfizer. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 4. acquisitions and divestitures, note 5. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 13. benefit plans. excludes approximately $62 million of noncurrent liabilities related to legal and environmental accruals, certain employee termination and exit costs, deferred income and other accruals, most of which do not represent contractual obligations. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 5. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives and note 17. commitments and contingencies.
(d)   includes the cost of service credit continuation for certain zoetis employees in the pfizer u.s. qualified defined benefit pension and u.s. retiree medical plans, in accordance with the employee matters agreement. see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 13. benefit plans.
(e)   except for amounts reflected in income taxes payable, we are unable to predict the timing of tax settlements, as tax audits can involve complex issues and the resolution of those issues may span multiple years, particularly if subject to negotiation or litigation.
debt on september 12, 2017, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2017 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $7 million. these notes are comprised of $750 million aggregate principal amount of 3.000% senior notes due 2027 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.950% senior notes due 2047. net proceeds from this offering were partially used in october 2017 to repay, prior to maturity, the aggregate principal amount of $750 million, and a make-whole amount and accrued interest of $4 million, of our 1.875% senior notes due 2018. the remainder of the net proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.
on november 13, 2015, we issued $1.25 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2015 senior notes), with an original issue discount of $2 million. on january 28, 2013, we issued $3.65 billion aggregate principal amount of our senior notes (2013 senior notes) in a private placement, with an original issue discount of $10 million.
the 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes are governed by an indenture and supplemental indenture (collectively, the indenture) between us and deutsche bank trust company americas, as trustee. the indenture contains certain covenants, including limitations on our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens or engage in sale lease-back transactions. the indenture also contains restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indenture contains other customary terms, including certain events of default, upon the occurrence of which (if not cured or waived), the 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes may be declared immediately due and payable.
pursuant to the indenture, we are able to redeem the 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes of any series, in whole or in part, at any time by paying a "make whole" premium, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of redemption. pursuant to our tax matters agreement with pfizer, we will not be permitted to redeem the 2013 senior notes due 2023 pursuant to this optional redemption provision, except under limited circumstances. upon the occurrence of a change of control of us and a downgrade of the 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes below an investment grade rating by each of moody's investors service, inc. and standard & poor's ratings services, we are, in certain circumstances, required to make an offer to repurchase all of the outstanding 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2013, 2015 and 2017 senior notes together with accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase.
credit ratings two major corporate debt-rating organizations, moody's and s&p, assign ratings to our short-term and long-term debt. a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and the rating is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating organization. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
the following table provides the current ratings assigned by these rating agencies to our commercial paper and senior unsecured non-credit-enhanced long-term debt:
pension obligations our employees ceased to participate in the pfizer u.s. qualified defined benefit and u.s. retiree medical plans effective december 31, 2012, and liabilities associated with our employees under these plans were retained by pfizer. as part of the separation from pfizer, pfizer is continuing to credit certain employees' service with zoetis generally through december 31, 2017 (or termination of employment from zoetis, if earlier), for certain early retirement benefits with respect to pfizer's u.s. defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans. in connection with the employee matters agreement, zoetis will be responsible for payment of three-fifths of the total cost of the service credit continuation (approximately $38 million) for these plans. the amount of the service cost continuation payment to be paid by zoetis to pfizer was determined and fixed based on an actuarial assessment of the value of the grow-in benefits and will be paid in equal installments over a period of 10 years. as of december 31, 2017, the remaining payments due to pfizer (approximately $19 million in the aggregate) are to be paid over the next five years.
as part of the separation from pfizer, pfizer transferred to us the net pension obligations associated with certain international defined benefit plans. we expect to contribute a total of approximately $6 million to these plans in 2018.
as of december 31, 2017, the supplemental savings plan liability was approximately $31 million.
for additional information, see notes to consolidated financial statements- note 13. benefit plans.
share repurchase program in november 2014, the company's board of directors authorized a $500 million share repurchase program. this program was substantially completed as of december 31, 2016. in december 2016, the company's board of directors authorized an additional $1.5 billion share repurchase program. purchases of zoetis shares may be made at the discretion of management, depending on market conditions and business needs. share repurchases may be executed through various means, including open market or privately negotiated transactions. during 2017, approximately 8 million shares were repurchased. as of december 31, 2017, there was approximately $1 billion remaining under this authorization.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business and in connection with the sale of assets and businesses, we may indemnify our counterparties against certain liabilities that may arise in connection with a transaction or that are related to activities prior to a transaction. these indemnifications typically pertain to environmental, tax, employee and/or product-related matters, and patent-infringement claims. if the indemnified party were to make a successful claim pursuant to the terms of the indemnification, we would be required to reimburse the loss. these indemnifications are generally subject to threshold amounts, specified claim periods and other restrictions and limitations. historically, we have not paid significant amounts under these provisions and, as of december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, recorded amounts for the estimated fair value of these indemnifications are not significant.
in august 2017, the fasb issued an accounting standards update which amends the hedge accounting recognition and presentation requirements and allows for more hedging strategies to be eligible for hedge accounting. recognition of periodic hedge effectiveness will no longer be required for cash flow and net investment hedges and companies may elect to perform subsequent hedge effectiveness assessments qualitatively. the update also clarifies that the change in fair value of a derivative must be recorded in the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item and introduces additional disclosure requirements including cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges and the effect of hedging on individual income statement line items. the provisions of the update are effective beginning january 1, 2019 for interim and annual periods with early adoption permitted for any interim period after issuance of the update. we are currently assessing the timing of our adoption as well as the potential impact that the standard will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2017, the fasb issued an accounting standards update to simplify and improve the reporting of net periodic pension benefit cost by requiring only present service cost to be presented in the same line item as other current employee compensation costs while remaining components of net periodic benefit cost would be presented within other (income)/deductions-net outside of operations. we will adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2018, the required effective data, and do not expect that the new standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in october 2016, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that will require the recognition of the income tax consequences of an intra-entity asset transfer, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs as opposed to when the asset is sold to an outside third party. the provisions of the new standard are effective beginning january 1, 2018, for annual and interim reporting periods. we will adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2018, the required effective date, and do not expect that the new standard will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued an accounting standards update which requires lessees to recognize most leases on the balance sheet with a corresponding right of use asset. leases will be classified as financing or operating which will drive the expense recognition pattern. for lessees, the income statement presentation and expense recognition pattern for financing and operating leases is similar to the current model for capital and operating leases, respectively. companies may elect to exclude short-term leases. the update also requires additional disclosures that will better enable users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. we plan to adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2019, the required effective date, for annual and interim reporting periods. the new standard requires a modified retrospective adoption approach, at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. we are currently evaluating the impact that adopting this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued an accounting standards update that outlines a new, single comprehensive model for companies to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. this update supersedes most current revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the new guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the guidance includes a five-step model for determining how, when and how much revenue should be recognized. this update also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. we will adopt this guidance as of january 1, 2018, the required effective date, using the modified retrospective transition method. under the modified retrospective method, the cumulative effect of applying the new standard will be recognized as of the date of initial application with disclosure of results under both the new and prior standards. the new standard will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption or on an ongoing basis.
forward-looking statements and factors that may affect future results this report contains "forward-looking" statements. we generally identify forward-looking statements by using words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "could," "expect," "intend," "project," "plan," "predict," "believe," "seek," "continue," "outlook," "objective," "target," "may," "might," "will," "should," "can have," "likely" or the negative version of these words or comparable words or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of future performance, actions or events.
in particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to our 2018 financial guidance, future actions, business plans or prospects, prospective products, product approvals or products under development, product supply disruptions, r&d costs, timing and likelihood of success, future operating or financial performance, future results of current and anticipated products and services, strategies, sales efforts, expenses, production efficiencies, production margins, integration of acquired businesses, interest rates, tax rates, changes in tax regimes and laws, foreign exchange rates, growth in emerging markets, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans related to share repurchases and dividends, our agreements with pfizer, government regulation and financial results. these statements are not guarantees of future performance, actions or events. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and are based on potentially inaccurate assumptions. among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from past results and future plans and projected future results are the following:
•   unanticipated safety, quality or efficacy concerns about our products;
•   legal factors, including product liability claims, antitrust litigation and governmental investigations, including tax disputes, environmental concerns, commercial disputes and patent disputes with branded and generic competitors, any of which could preclude commercialization of products or negatively affect the profitability of existing products;
•   failure to protect our intellectual property rights or to operate our business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others;
•   adverse weather conditions and the availability of natural resources;
•   adverse global economic conditions;
•   failure of our r&amp;d, acquisition and licensing efforts to generate new products;
•   the possible impact of competing products, including generic alternatives, on our products and our ability to compete against such products;
•   governmental laws and regulations affecting domestic and foreign operations, including without limitation, tax obligations and changes affecting the tax treatment by the united states of income earned outside the united states that may result from pending and possible future proposals; and
•   governmental laws and regulations affecting our interactions with veterinary healthcare providers.
however, there may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time. these risks or uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by a forward-looking statement. you should not put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the above to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.