Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. Our strategy with creative cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery and monetization. These comprehensive solutions enable marketers to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. We expect creative cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by acquiring new users on account of creative cloud's low cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value, as well as keeping existing customers current on our latest release. Our annualized recurring revenue (ARR) is currently the key performance metric our management uses to assess the health and trajectory of our overall digital media segment. The increase in deferred revenue was primarily due to increased subscriptions for our creative cloud offerings and increases in digital marketing hosted services. The increase in accrued expenses is primarily due to the increase in accruals for compensation costs and employee benefits driven by headcount growth, and increased accrued media costs associated with our advertising cloud offerings. We regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and have reserved for adjustments that may result from such examinations. We believe such estimates to be reasonable; however, the final determination of any of these examinations could significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. Our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment balances may fluctuate during fiscal 2018 due to changes in our planned cash outlay, including changes in incremental costs such as direct and integration costs related to our acquisitions. We expect that the amount of unbilled deferred revenue backlog will change from period to period due to certain factors, including the timing and duration of large customer subscriptions, SaaS and managed service agreements, varying billing cycles of these agreements, the timing of customer renewals, the timing of when unbilled deferred revenue backlog is to be billed, changes in customer financial circumstances and foreign currency fluctuations. Our customers include traditional content creators, web application developers and digital media professionals, as well as their management in marketing departments and agencies, companies and publishers.