We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of net sales. We operate our lower-margin gasoline business in all countries except Korea and France. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly healthcare and utility expenses. Our philosophy is not to seek to minimize employee wages and benefits; rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Because our business is operated on very low gross margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2017 when compared to 2016 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments made in the last week of fiscal 2016, in advance of implementing our modernized accounting system. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, including the remaining undistributed earnings of our Canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely, or the earnings if repatriated would not result in an adverse tax consequence. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We opened 26 new warehouses and relocated 2 warehouses in 2017 and plan to open up to 24 new warehouses and relocate up to six warehouses in 2018. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. The primary uses of cash in 2017 were related to dividend payments and the repayments of debt. We maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. The company has letter of credit facilities for commercial and standby letters of credit. The amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding.