We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management. Our core mission is to empower our customers to connect with their customers in entirely new ways through cloud, mobile, social, internet of things, and artificial intelligence technologies. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include our prospective customers' willingness to migrate to enterprise cloud computing services, our ability to maintain a balanced portfolio of products and customers, and the availability, performance, and security of our service. To address these factors, we will need to continue to add substantial numbers of paying subscriptions, provide high-quality technical support to our customers, and encourage the development of third-party applications on our platforms. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, and the expansion of domestic and international selling and marketing activities. We expect to continue to make investments and acquisitions in the future and plan to reinvest a significant portion of our incremental revenue to grow our business. We drive innovation organically and through acquisitions, and we have a disciplined acquisition process where we routinely survey the industry landscape across a wide range of companies. Our typical subscription contract term is 12 to 36 months, and we calculate our attrition rate as of the end of each month. Our current attrition rate was between eight and nine percent as of January 31, 2018. We expect our attrition rate to remain consistent as we continue to expand our enterprise business and invest in customer success and related programs. We have invested in additional database software and hardware and plan to increase the capacity that we can offer globally through data centers and third-party infrastructure providers. We also plan to add additional employees in our professional services group to facilitate the adoption of our services. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, and we continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, and enhancing the functionality and security of our enterprise cloud computing services. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in additional employees and technology to support the development of new and improve existing technologies. Our marketing and sales expenses are our largest cost and consist primarily of salaries and related expenses for our sales and marketing staff. We plan to continue to invest in marketing and sales by expanding our domestic and international selling and marketing activities, building brand awareness, and attracting new customers. We expect marketing and sales expenses to grow in line with or at a slower rate than revenues. Our general and administrative expenses consist of salaries and related expenses for various corporate functions, and we expect these expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we invest in our infrastructure. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and debt repayment needs over the next 12 months. We strive to integrate sustainability into our corporate activities and are committed to creating a sustainable, low-carbon future by delivering a carbon-neutral cloud and operating as a net-zero greenhouse gas emissions company.