Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (MIS), where MIS is available. For over three decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The adoption of da Vinci surgical systems enables surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of MIS instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus on making our technology easy and safe to use. Our products fall into four broad categories: the da Vinci surgical systems, imaging systems, instruments and accessories, and training technologies. We generate revenue from the initial capital sales of da Vinci surgical systems, including systems under sales-type lease arrangements, and revenue from operating lease arrangements and from the subsequent sales of instruments, accessories, and service. Recurring revenue consists of instrument and accessory revenue, service revenue, and operating lease revenue. The growth of instrument and accessory revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption. Service revenue growth has been driven by the growth of the base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. We believe our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand, including offering more flexible options such as variable lease payments. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and targeted procedures where da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. We believe that our modest growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years was primarily driven by consolidation of surgical volumes into surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries. We expect that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future. We believe that cash generation is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. We anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, evolving system utilization, capital replacement trends, and additional reimbursements in various global markets. The timing and magnitude of future authorizations that may enable future system placements is not certain. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term.