We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We continue to focus on affordability initiatives and expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed. Our investments and acquisitions have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas, although the possibility remains that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or other budget cuts. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes independent research and development activities and through acquisition, divestiture, and internal realignment activities. We routinely conduct discussions, evaluate targets, and enter into agreements regarding possible acquisitions, divestitures, ventures, and equity investments. The divestiture of our former information systems & global solutions business represented a strategic shift that had a major effect on our operations and financial results. Our aeronautics business segment is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support, and upgrade of advanced military aircraft. We expect aeronautics' net sales to increase in the mid-single digit percentage range driven by increased production and sustainment volume on the F-35 program. Our missiles and fire control segment provides air and missile defense systems and tactical missiles, with net sales expected to increase in the mid-single digit percentage range in 2018. Our rotary and mission systems segment provides design, manufacture, service, and support for military helicopters and mission systems, with net sales expected to increase. Our space business segment is engaged in the research and development, design, engineering, and production of satellites and missile systems. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our strong operating cash flows have enabled our board of directors to approve key cash deployment initiatives, including an increase in our dividend rate and share repurchase program. We anticipate recovering approximately $2.4 billion of pension costs in 2018 and expect our pension expense to be comparable to 2017 levels. We also have access to credit markets for liquidity or general corporate purposes, including the ability to issue commercial paper and letters of credit to support customer advance payments. We actively seek to finance our business in a manner that preserves financial flexibility while minimizing borrowing costs. Our ability to recover investments made to satisfy offset obligations is generally dependent upon the successful operation of ventures that we do not control. We have entered into standby letters of credit and surety bonds issued on our behalf by financial institutions and other guarantees to third parties primarily relating to advances received from customers and the guarantee of future performance on certain contracts.