In 2017, we continued to focus on our three main revenue growth priorities: helping businesses expand their use of our mobile products, developing innovative ad products that help businesses get the most of their ad campaigns, and making our ads more relevant and effective through our targeting capabilities and outcome-based measurement. We intend to continue to invest based on this roadmap and we anticipate that additional investments in the following areas will drive significant year-over-year expense growth in 2018: increased investments in security, video content, and our long-term technology initiatives, and scaling our headcount and expanding our data center capacity and office facilities to support our growth. The increase in operational expenses related to our data centers and technical infrastructure is expected to support user growth, increased user engagement, and the delivery of new products and services. We believe this non-GAAP financial measure provides investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enables comparison of financial results between periods where certain items may vary independent of business performance, and allows for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in operating our business. The increase in average price per ad was driven by an increase in demand for our ad inventory, factors contributing to this include an increase in spend from existing marketers and an increase in the number of marketers actively advertising on our platform as well as the quality, relevance, and performance of those ads. We anticipate that advertising revenue growth will continue to be driven primarily by price rather than increases in the number and frequency of ads displayed. The increase in the ads delivered was driven by an increase in users and their engagement and an increase in the number and frequency of ads displayed on news feed, partially offset by increasing user engagement with video content and other product changes. We are involved in legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or government inquiries and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. We record a liability when we believe that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both the probability and the estimated amount of loss. The outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these matters were resolved against us for amounts in excess of management's expectations, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. We expect to continue to accrue unrecognized tax benefits for certain recurring tax positions and anticipate that the amount for future quarters accrued will be similar to amounts accrued in 2017. We have not recorded any significant impairment charges during the years presented. We routinely review the remaining estimated useful lives of our finite-lived intangible assets. If we reduce the estimated useful life assumption for any asset, the remaining unamortized balance would be amortized over the revised estimated useful life. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We expect that our available funds, credit facility, and cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our operational cash needs for the foreseeable future. We anticipate making capital expenditures in 2018 of approximately $14.0 billion to $15.0 billion. The increase in cash flow from operating activities during 2017 compared to 2016 was mostly due to an increase in net income, adjusted for certain non-cash items, such as depreciation and amortization and share-based compensation expense.