Our strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including macroeconomic and political volatility and the continued rebalancing of the economic world; shifting consumer preferences and increasing demand for more nutritious foods and beverages; the disruption of retail; the expansion of hard discounters; and the emergence of niche brands laying claim to large consumer segments, particularly in developed markets. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results. We intend to focus on utilizing the strength of our distribution system to offer consumers a wide array of choices, from "fun-for-you" to "better-for-you" to "good-for-you" products to meet consumers' demand for more nutritious foods and beverages. We are also committed to minimizing our environmental footprint to streamline costs and mitigate our operational impact on the communities in which we operate. Our risk management framework involves identifying, assessing, prioritizing, addressing, managing, monitoring and communicating risks across the company's operations. The Pepsico Risk Committee, which is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. We continue to invest in our associates so that we have the best talent to position our company for continued growth. We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions, and we manage these risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. We regularly evaluate different productivity initiatives beyond the productivity plans and other initiatives discussed above. Our operations are impacted by unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues, and currency fluctuations. We continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes or limitations. We are also focused on building our global e-commerce capabilities, distributing our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade, and potentially mitigating any unfavorable impacts on our future results. Our commitment encompasses maintaining strong controls over financial reporting, which is designed to provide reasonable assurance that transactions are executed as authorized and accurately recorded, safeguarding assets, and ensuring that accounting records are sufficiently reliable to permit the preparation of financial statements that conform in all material respects with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks that may evolve over time, and we leverage an integrated risk management framework to address these risks. We are committed to providing timely, accurate and understandable information to investors, which includes maintaining strong governance policies and practices. Our internal controls are reinforced through our global code of conduct, which sets forth our commitment to conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and the spirit of the law.