We are building our future on smoke-free products that are a much better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our vision is that these products ultimately replace cigarettes to the benefit of adult smokers, society, our company and our shareholders. We have a range of reduced-risk products (RRPs) in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization. Because our RRPs do not burn tobacco, they produce an aerosol that contains far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. We managed our business in four segments to provide a greater focus on both parts of our business—combustible and reduced-risk products—and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. The changes in our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2017, from the comparable 2016 amounts, were driven by the sale of RRPs, mainly in Japan. The unfavorable currency impact during 2017 resulted from fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, which has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to favorable volume/mix, higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs in certain segments, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs. Following the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, our 2018 full-year diluted earnings per share forecast assumes a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 28%, subject to future regulatory developments and earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. We believe it is appropriate to disclose adjusted diluted EPS as it represents core earnings, improves comparability and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. The factors described in item 1A risk factors represent continuing risks to these projections. Our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. We often collect excise taxes from our customers and then remit them to governments, and in those circumstances, we include the excise taxes in our net revenues. The impact of the tax cuts and jobs act reduced net earnings by $1.6 billion, but there was no net impact on operating cash flows for the year. The change in the effective tax rate that decreased our diluted EPS was primarily due to earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. We calculated 2017 adjusted diluted EPS as reported diluted EPS adjusted for asset impairment and exit costs, tax items and unusual items. This guidance excludes the impact of any future acquisitions, unanticipated asset impairment and exit cost charges, future changes in currency exchange rates, further developments related to the tax cuts and jobs act, and any unusual events.