We design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. Our business model is designed around sustainable competitive advantages that we believe, in combination, put us in a unique class of companies. We invest in manufacturing technologies and do most of our manufacturing in-house, which helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers and allows us to invest in technology that differentiates the features of our products. We have focused on creating a competitive manufacturing cost advantage by increasing factory loadings of our advanced analog 300-millimeter wafers, which support the majority of our analog growth going forward. The breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of our customers' needs than our competitors, giving us access to more customers and the opportunity to sell more products and generate more revenue per customer system. Our strategic focus is on analog and embedded processing, particularly in the industrial and automotive markets, which we believe represent the best growth opportunities. This focus provides long product life cycles, intrinsic diversity, and less capital-intensive manufacturing, which offer stability, profitability, and strong cash generation. Our business model is the foundation of our capital management strategy, which is based on our belief that free cash flow growth is important for maximizing shareholder value over the long term. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined based on similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes, and distribution channels, reflecting our resource allocation and operational flexibility. We continued to perform well in 2017, reflecting our focus on analog and embedded processing, with a particular emphasis on the industrial and automotive markets. These products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications and have long-term growth opportunities. Our cash flow from operations underscores the strength of our business model, and we have gained market share in analog and embedded processing while growing free cash flow. The combined effect of our sustainable competitive advantages is that we have the ability to grow, generate cash, and return that cash to shareholders. We have been allocating resources from areas like manufacturing support into R&D activities, which reflects our commitment to innovation and adaptation. Our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations, which is critical for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring operational continuity. Our financial condition at the end of 2017 shows total cash of $4.47 billion, an increase from the previous year, indicating our resilience in managing resources effectively. We believe that our strategic initiatives, including our diverse and long-lived positions, contribute to our organizational strength and ability to confront external pressures and market volatility. Our operational management strategies are designed to enhance our adaptability and ensure we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions, thereby maintaining our organizational health and performance.