The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. Our safety results reflect our employees' dedication to our safety initiatives and our efforts to further engage the workforce through programs such as courage to care, total safety culture, and up way. Network operational challenges negatively impacted terminal dwell, and disruptions across our network, including the impact of hurricane Harvey, negatively impacted network fluidity. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. In 2018, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability of our assets. We expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. Our capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, which will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We maintain adequate resources, and when necessary, have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, in addition to sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability, and deterioration of our operating results or financial condition due to internal or external factors could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. We expect to fund our 2018 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. We will continue to evaluate the best use of cash, which will include pursuing capital projects with adequate returns and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our operational flexibility is critical in adapting to changing market conditions, and we will continue to invest in technology improvements, including positive train control. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is essential for maintaining organizational resilience. We recognize that our organizational health is influenced by external pressures, and we aim to confront these challenges through strategic initiatives that enhance our operational effectiveness and adaptability. Our workforce engagement and commitment to safety are integral to our resilience strategies, enabling us to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations.