Amgen's transformation and process improvement efforts across the company have enabled us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders. Our strategy includes a focus on advancing our innovative pipeline and branded biosimilar programs, developing improved biologic drug delivery systems, and executing a more focused operating model. We are committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. Our approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. We continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products. The neulasta® onprotm kit represents approximately one fourth of our U.S. neulasta® business, demonstrating our capability to enhance product delivery and patient care. Our progress can also be seen in six innovative new launches, including the expansion of indications for our products. We believe we are uniquely positioned for the opportunities arising in biology and to deliver our strategy focusing on areas of high unmet medical need. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, which are critical for maintaining our competitive advantage in the biotechnology industry. Successful product development is highly uncertain, and we are confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launches. Our product sales can be affected by wholesaler and end-user buying patterns, which can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales. We continue to face various challenges, including increasing competitive pressure from product launches, particularly from biosimilars, and pricing pressures due to global economic conditions. Our ability to manage these challenges effectively is essential for sustaining our operational efficiency and financial performance. We are also focused on collaborating with innovators and engaging in value-creating business development activities to expand our approach to deliver significant impact for patients. Our business will continue to face various challenges, including the need to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. The discovery and development of safe and effective new products, as well as the development of additional indications for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. Our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment-grade credit ratings. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, and access to domestic and foreign debt markets.