We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. To best take advantage of these continued advances in technology, we are investing in initiatives to build and deploy innovative and efficient software and electronic devices. Our financial focus is on long-term, sustainable growth in free cash flows, driven primarily by increasing operating income and efficiently managing working capital and cash capital expenditures, including our decision to purchase or lease property and equipment. Increases in operating income primarily result from increases in sales of products and services and efficiently managing our operating costs, partially offset by investments we make in longer-term strategic initiatives. We seek to reduce our variable costs per unit and work to leverage our fixed costs. Our variable costs include product and content costs, payment processing and related transaction costs, picking, packaging, and preparing orders for shipment, transportation, customer service support, costs necessary to run AWS, and a portion of our marketing costs. Our fixed costs include the costs necessary to run our technology infrastructure; to build, enhance, and add features to our websites and web services, our electronic devices, and digital offerings; and to build and optimize our fulfillment centers. We expect this trend toward additional investment to continue over time. We believe that offering low prices to our customers is fundamental to our future success, and one way we offer lower prices is through shipping offers. Our technology costs consist principally of research and development activities including payroll and related expenses for employees involved in application, production, maintenance, operation, and platform development for new and existing products and services, as well as AWS and other technology infrastructure expenses. We seek to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiency through rapid technology developments while operating at an ever-increasing scale. The increase in technology and content costs in absolute dollars in 2015, 2014, and 2013, compared to comparable prior year periods, is primarily due to increased spending on technology infrastructure principally allocated to our AWS segment, and an increase in payroll and related costs associated with expanding our products and services. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. We expect spending in technology and content to increase over time as we continue to add employees and technology infrastructure. Our technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses. These costs are allocated to segments based on usage. We believe that our increasing diversification beyond the U.S. economy through our growing international businesses benefits our shareholders over the long-term.