We are a global market leader in design, development, manufacture, sale, service, and support of commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses - commercial airplanes and defense, space & security - supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands while continuing to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality. BDS integrates its resources in defense, intelligence, communications, security, space, and services to deliver capability-driven solutions to its customers at reduced costs. Our strategy also benefits us as the cyclicality of commercial and defense markets sometimes offset. The commercial jet airplane market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive, with market liberalization enabling low-cost airlines to gain market share, increasing pressure on airfares, and resulting in continued cost pressures for all airlines and price pressure on our products. Major productivity gains are essential to ensure a favorable market position at acceptable profit margins. We continue to leverage our extensive customer support services network, which includes aviation support, spare parts, training, maintenance documents, and technical advice for airlines throughout the world. This enables us to provide a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity, enhancing our ability to pursue pricing strategies that enable us to price competitively. The development and ongoing production of commercial aircraft is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with suppliers and highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners. Meeting or exceeding our performance and reliability standards, as well as those of customers and regulators, can be costly and technologically challenging. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy performance and reliability standards, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. Factors that could result in lower margins include changes to the program accounting quantity, customer and model mix, production costs and rates, performance or reliability issues involving completed aircraft, and capital expenditures. We continue to implement mitigation plans and cost-reduction efforts to improve program profitability and address program risks. Our investment in gross inventories decreased, primarily driven by ending production of C-17 aircraft, which more than offset continued investment in commercial airplane program inventory. Our investment in gross inventories increased significantly in prior years, largely driven by continued investment in commercial airplane program inventory. We expect capital expenditures to be consistent with prior years due to continued investment to support growth. We believe our ability to access external capital resources should be sufficient to satisfy existing short-term and long-term commitments and plans, and also to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage of potential strategic business opportunities should they arise. We have substantial borrowing capacity, and our commercial paper program continues to serve as a significant potential source of short-term liquidity. We anticipate that we will not be required to fund a significant portion of our financing commitments, although there can be no assurances that we will not be required to fund greater amounts than historically required.