As part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that our spotlight business sells to local, regional and national advertisers. We are actively deploying x1 set-top boxes throughout our footprint and have launched cloud dvr technology in substantially all of our markets. We are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor and business wi-fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home. We offer to medium-sized businesses and large enterprises ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options. We also provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help those customers manage network bandwidth. Our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services, and from the sale of advertising. The most significant operating costs and expenses for our cable communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers. We expect that our programming expenses will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. We will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed internet, video and business services businesses. Our cable communications segment operating margin is operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue. We believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers. Technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning. Technical and product support expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to expenses related to the development, delivery and support of our enhanced devices, including our x1 set-top boxes, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways, and the continued growth in business services and home security and automation services. The increase in 2015 was also due to expenses related to investments we are making to improve the customer experience. Our capital expenditures in our cable communications segment increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increased spending on customer premise equipment related to our x1 platform and wireless gateways, our continued investment in network infrastructure to increase network capacity, increased investment in support capital as we expand our cloud-based initiatives, and our continued investment to expand business services. We expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. Our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. We evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level. We also generate revenue from the sale of advertising online and on our on demand service. Advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market and general economic conditions. Our advertising revenue generally increases in the period of these broadcasts due to increased demand for advertising time, and our operating costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs and the amortization of the related rights fees. The increase in 2015 was primarily due to the continued success of attractions at our universal theme parks, including the wizarding world of harry potter in orlando and the fast & furious studio tour in hollywood.