Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. Our investment in modernizing our information systems is ongoing. Higher stock compensation expense also negatively impacted our SG&A expenses by four basis points, due to an appreciation in the trading price of our stock at the time of grant. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 18 basis points, mostly due to the negative impact of gasoline price deflation on net sales. Excluding this impact, SG&A expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales were 9.82%, an improvement of seven basis points. This was due to lower warehouse operating costs of 16 basis points, primarily from improvements in payroll expenses in our core business as a result of leveraging increased sales. The increase in central operating costs of three basis points is primarily due to continued investment in modernizing our information systems, primarily incurred by our U.S. operations. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our information systems, and working capital. In 2015 we spent $2,393 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,800 to $3,000 during fiscal 2016. These expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. Our cash flow used in operations generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, credit card processing fees, and utilities. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities for 2015 when compared to 2014 was primarily due to stronger earnings. Our online business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability.