We are a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions, with a focus on customer relationship management, or CRM. Our mission is to help our customers transform themselves into customer-centric companies by empowering them to connect with their customers in entirely new ways. Our customer success platform provides the next-generation platform of enterprise applications and services to enable customer success. Key elements of our strategy include strengthening our market-leading solutions, expanding strategic relationships with customers, and encouraging the development of third-party applications on our cloud computing platforms. We believe the factors that will influence our ability to achieve our objectives include the availability, performance, and security of our service, our ability to continue to release, and gain customer acceptance of, new and improved features, and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies. Our plans to invest for future growth include the continuation of the expansion of our data center capacity, the hiring of additional personnel, particularly in direct sales and research and development, and the development of new services such as our analytics cloud and IoT cloud. We regularly evaluate acquisitions or investment opportunities in complementary businesses, joint ventures, services, and technologies to expand our service offerings. We expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related expenses, including stock-based expenses, and we continue to focus our efforts on adding new features and services, integrating acquired technologies, and enhancing the functionality and security of our enterprise cloud computing services. Our proprietary, scalable, and secure multi-tenant architecture enables us to provide all of our customers with a service based on a single version of our application. We have increased our research and development headcount to improve and extend our service offerings and develop new technologies. We expect that research and development expenses will increase in absolute dollars as we continue to add employees and invest in technology to support the development of new and improved technologies. The cost of revenues primarily consists of expenses related to delivering our service and providing support, including the costs of data center capacity and the amortization expense associated with capitalized software related to our services and acquired developed technologies. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity. We have increased our headcount significantly to meet the higher demand for services from our customers. The increase in subscription and support revenues was primarily attributable to volume-driven increases from new business, including new customers, upgrades, and additional subscriptions from existing customers. Our attrition rate, which is favorable compared to the prior year, also played a role in the increase in subscription and support revenues. We continue to invest in a variety of customer programs and initiatives, which, along with increasing enterprise adoption, have helped improve our attrition rate. We expect marketing and sales expenses to continue to represent a substantial portion of total revenues as we seek to grow our customer base and sell more products to existing customers. Our operating margin for fiscal 2016 was $114.9 million compared to a $145.6 million loss during the same period a year ago. We expect to remain focused on improving operating margins in future periods.