The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As interactions between users and advertisers change, we continue to expand our product offerings to serve their changing needs. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. Our traffic acquisition cost may also be impacted because the rates at which we share mobile revenues with our partners may differ from our traditional desktop and tablet formats. We expect both of these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins, particularly if we fail to realize the opportunities presented during the transition to a dynamic multi-screen environment. We continue to make significant research and development investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search and advertising, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. The increase in labor and facilities-related costs was also impacted by expenses resulting from project milestones in other bets established several years ago. We expect that sales and marketing expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2016 and future periods. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements through at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. Additionally, we may make acquisitions, increase our capital expenditures, or license products and technologies complementary to our business and may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater flexibility to fund these activities. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. We expect cost of revenues will increase in dollar amount and fluctuate as a percentage of total revenues in 2016 and future periods, based on a number of factors, including the relative growth rates of revenues from Google websites and from our Google network members' websites. We periodically review our marketable and non-marketable securities for impairment. If we conclude that any of these investments are impaired, we determine whether such impairment is other-than-temporary. We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. We evaluate our reporting units when changes in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired.