Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our risk management framework is built around three core components: governance, processes, and people, which are critical for effective risk management and operational efficiency. The firmwide technology risk committee reviews matters related to the design, development, deployment, and use of technology, overseeing cybersecurity matters and technology risk management frameworks. We maintain a comprehensive control framework designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks, which includes extensive policies and procedures, and controls designed to prevent the occurrence of operational risk events. Our operational risk management framework is in part designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the revised capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance. We utilize a longer-term stress test to take a forward view on our liquidity position through a prolonged stress period in which the firm experiences a severe liquidity stress and recovers in an environment that continues to be challenging. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products, and counterparties, and seek to maintain a long-dated and diversified funding profile, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. We have made a significant investment in technology to monitor market risk, including risk measures calculated at individual position levels and the ability to report many different views of the risk measures. Our credit risk management process includes approving transactions and setting and communicating credit exposure limits, monitoring compliance with established credit exposure limits, and assessing the likelihood that a counterparty will default on its payment obligations. We employ a variety of risk measures to estimate the size of potential losses for both moderate and more extreme market moves over both short-term and long-term time horizons. Our model risk management framework is managed through a governance structure and risk management controls, which encompass standards designed to ensure we maintain a comprehensive model inventory, including risk assessment and classification, sound model development practices, independent review, and model-specific usage controls.