Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2015 as well as our future prospects. Our small business segment total net revenue decreased due to the impact of the change to our quickbooks desktop offerings, which more than offset quickbooks online revenue growth. Small business online ecosystem revenue grew 25%, driven by customer acquisition. Quickbooks online customers grew 57% and online payroll customers grew 18%. Active online payments customers grew 5% and online payments charge volume grew 19%. We expect connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue to continue to grow in the future. We are focusing small business segment resources on the enhancement and marketing of our quickbooks online and quickbooks desktop subscription offerings. As a result, quickbooks desktop license units and revenue have been declining as more customers choose our hosted and subscription offerings, and we expect this trend to continue. Our future growth also increasingly depends on the strength of our third-party business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, maintain and strengthen new and existing relationships. We expect to continue to invest in security and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud. We are also investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems is becoming increasingly important as we help customers manage their financial lives. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use and retention of personal customer information and data. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We are investing significant resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The increase in segment revenue was partially offset by higher staffing expenses due to an increase in headcount and higher advertising and other marketing program expenses. We evaluate our uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, and our evaluations are based upon a number of factors, including changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues.