As a global investment firm, we are affected by financial and economic conditions globally, which have a substantial impact on our financial condition and results of operations, including our ability to exit investments profitably and make new investments. Our ability to attract new capital and investors is driven, in part, by the extent to which they see the alternative asset management industry as an attractive vehicle for capital appreciation or income. We have expanded into strategies such as energy, infrastructure, real estate, alternative credit, and hedge funds, which require effective management and deployment of resources. Our ability to maintain and grow our revenue base is dependent upon our successful deployment of capital, including from our balance sheet. The strength and liquidity of the U.S. and relevant global equity markets affect our ability to successfully exit equity positions in our private equity portfolio in a timely manner. Our investments are impacted by various economic conditions that are difficult to quantify or predict, which may have a significant impact on the valuation of our investments and, therefore, on the investment income we realize and our financial condition and results of operations. The performance of our investments is directly linked to market dynamics, including volatility and the ability to respond to changing market conditions. Our investment income consists primarily of realized and unrealized gains and losses arising from our investment activities, which are significantly impacted by the global financial markets. The valuation of our investments relies on observable market prices or parameters or derived from such prices or parameters, and where observable prices are not available, valuation techniques are applied, which involve varying levels of management estimation and judgment. Our ability to effectively support business needs through IT capabilities has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The application of physical or intangible IT resources, such as technology, knowledge, practices, and management skills, further our organizational goals. We focus on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. Our management and operational capabilities are critical in navigating the complexities of the investment landscape, ensuring we can respond to consumer demands and market opportunities effectively. The integration of technology into our operations enhances our operational efficiency and supports our strategic resource allocation decisions. The evolving nature of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We anticipate that the coordination of our assets and internal processes will continue to evolve, enhancing our interfirm transactions and relationships, ultimately driving business performance and value creation.