Throughout 2015, we continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities, providing not just the products, but also the services, information, and advice to help our customers at every step of the home improvement journey and build a greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. We leveraged our customer experience design capabilities as well as our larger store format to showcase the outdoor living experience and the holiday décor experience which drove strong sales and attachment for products during the year. Our re-launch of lowesforpros.com in the first half of the year provides the pro customer with an easy online ordering experience with their choice of in-store pick-up or delivery, saving the pro time and money. We also continued to enhance our omni-channel capabilities in 2015. Online, we have enhanced our customer experience and presentation through lowes.com, including improved product search, integrated and upgraded product videos, enhanced product presentation, and simplified product groupings to make it easy for customers to make their selections. We experienced increased efficiency and effectiveness of our marketing spend through optimized media allocation, presence in targeted digital advertising, expanded social media presence, and reduced print advertising, all while maintaining our customer reach and improving exposure. Our in-home selling networks, including both interior and exterior project specialists, continued to expand with exterior specialists available across all US stores and interior specialists expected in all stores by the end of fiscal year 2016. We are also reconnecting with pro customers through targeted marketing, as well as pro-focused events to drive awareness and generate new business. Our strategic framework along with our efforts to improve productivity and profitability give us confidence in our business outlook for 2016. We believe that net cash provided by operating and financing activities will be adequate not only for our operating requirements, but also for investments in our existing stores, investments in information technology, expansion plans, acquisitions, if any, and to return cash to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases over the next 12 months. Investments in our existing stores, including investments in remerchandising, store equipment, and technology, are expected to account for approximately 30% of net cash outflow. Our fiscal 2016 capital forecast is approximately $1.5 billion. We anticipate financing the transaction through the debt capital markets. We have an ongoing share repurchase program, authorized by the company's board of directors, that is executed through purchases made from time to time either in the open market or through private off-market transactions. Our purchase obligations include firm commitments related to certain marketing and information technology programs, as well as purchases of merchandise inventory. We also experienced seven basis points of leverage in external labor due to completed projects and increased focus on use of internal resources across information technology projects. We expect to continue to take a prudent approach to managing our portfolio of businesses, making decisions that will shape how we better serve and connect with customers. The transaction is expected to accelerate Lowe's growth strategy by significantly expanding our presence in the Canadian market through the addition of Rona's attractive business and store locations. We will remain focused on growing sales by continuing to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences that make us the project authority, improving our product and service offering for the pro customer, and enhancing our omni-channel capabilities to support customers at every step of their home improvement journey.