The competitive and evolving nature of the global payments industry provides both challenges to and opportunities for the continued growth of our business. Mastercard's financial results may be negatively impacted by actions taken by individual financial institutions or by governmental or regulatory bodies. The company continues to monitor political and economic conditions around the world to identify opportunities for the continued growth of our business and to evaluate the evolution of the global payments industry. Adverse economic trends have impacted the environment in which we operate. The increase in adjusted net income was driven by net revenue growth, primarily driven by increases across our revenue categories and the impact from acquisitions, which contributed to growth, partially offset by higher rebates and incentives. We acquired two businesses for $609 million, which focus on expanding our footprint and enhancing critical capabilities, including in the area of data analytics with the acquisition of applied predictive technologies. The company classifies its net revenue into various categories, including transaction processing fees, which are charged for both domestic and cross-border transactions and are primarily based on the number of transactions. Our primary revenue billing currencies are the U.S. dollar, euro, and Brazilian real. The price structure for our products and services is complex and is dependent on the nature of volumes, types of transactions, and type of products and services we offer to our customers. The increase in personnel expense in 2015 is due to an increase in the number of employees resulting from our acquisitions as well as the U.S. employee pension plan settlement charge recognized in 2015. Data processing and telecommunication expenses consist of expenses to support our global payments network infrastructure, expenses to operate and maintain our computer systems, and other telecommunication systems. These expenses increased in both 2015 and 2014 due to capacity growth of our business and higher third-party processing costs. The company attempts to manage foreign currency exposures through its foreign exchange risk management activities. The company generates revenue and has financial assets in countries at risk for currency devaluation. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any of the legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities balances, its cash flow generating capabilities, its borrowing capacity, and its access to capital resources are sufficient to satisfy its future operating cash needs, capital asset purchases, outstanding commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with its existing operations and potential obligations. The company is not subject to any financial covenants under the euro notes and the USD notes. The proceeds of the notes are to be used for general corporate purposes. The company has recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and the resolution of certain federal, foreign, and state and local tax examinations is reasonably possible. The company regularly reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. The company's estimates are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. The company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. The impairment evaluation utilizes a quantitative assessment using a two-step impairment test.