Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services across the global enterprise. Our mission is to help the modern enterprise operate faster and be more scalable by applying a service-oriented lens to the activities, tasks, and processes that comprise day-to-day work life. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our solutions, and the custom solutions built by our customers and partners, are empowering enterprises to change the way people work. We believe our total customer count is a key indicator of our market penetration, growth, and future revenues. We have aggressively invested in, and intend to continue to invest in, our direct sales force and partnerships with our indirect sales channel in order to grow our customer base. Our enterprise service management solutions include service management, business management, and the Servicenow platform, which have similar features and functions and are generally priced on a per-user basis. Our IT operations management solutions, which improve visibility, availability, and agility of enterprise services, are generally priced on a per-node basis. We expect subscription revenues for our IT operations management solutions to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of revenues in the year ended December 31, 2016. Our professional services revenues consist of fees associated with the implementation and configuration of our subscription service. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, the date we make our services available to our customers. The increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to an increased net loss offset by a substantial increase in non-cash adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operations and the favorable impact on operating cash flow from changes in operating assets and liabilities. We expect our upsell rate to decrease in the long term as our renewal base continues to grow. Our upsells are primarily derived from an increase in the number of user seats purchased by our customers and are also derived from the addition of other subscription services. Our international operations provide a significant portion of our total billings and revenues. As a result, the general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other major foreign currencies had an unfavorable impact on our billings and revenues. We have historically seen an increase in professional services and other revenues in the quarter ended June 30, and a corresponding decrease in professional services and other revenues in the quarter ended September 30 due to the revenues earned from our annual knowledge user conference that occurs in the quarter ended June 30. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to increase in future periods as we continue to focus on investing in the long-term growth of our business. Our research and development expenses increased due to increased headcount, which resulted in an increase in personnel-related costs. We expect research and development expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2016 in absolute dollar terms, but remain relatively flat as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs, and continue to enhance our core platform. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations. We anticipate our current cash and cash equivalents balance and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs including the expansion of data centers, lease obligations, expenditures related to the growth of our headcount, and the acquisition of fixed assets and investments in office facilities to accommodate our growth for at least the next 12 months.