We have pioneered the next-generation of security with our innovative platform that empowers enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling the increasingly complex and rapidly growing number of applications running on their networks and by preventing breaches in real-time that stem from targeted cyber attacks. Our platform uses an innovative traffic classification engine that identifies network traffic by application, user, and content, providing in-depth visibility into all traffic and all applications, at the user level, at all times, and at the full speed of the network in order to control usage, content, risks, and cyber threats. Our next-generation firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. We continue to invest in innovation and strengthening our product portfolio, which resulted in several new product offerings and announcements during fiscal 2015. These new product offerings include advanced endpoint protection service and cyber threat intelligence services, which provide prioritized actionable intelligence on targeted cyber attacks. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. Additionally, we face intense competition in our market, and to succeed, we need to innovate and offer products that are differentiated from existing infrastructure products, as well as effectively hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management. Our growth reflects the rapid adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support and maintenance, enabling us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We leverage our appliances to sell SaaS subscription services to meet our customers' evolving security requirements. When end-customers purchase an appliance, they typically purchase one or more of our subscriptions for additional functionality, as well as support and maintenance in order to receive ongoing security updates, upgrades, bug fixes, and repairs. Our cost of revenue includes allocated costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. Our operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, general and administrative, and legal settlement expense, with personnel costs being the most significant component. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services. Our subscriptions provide our end-customers with real-time access to the latest antivirus, intrusion prevention, web filtering, and modern malware prevention capabilities across fixed and mobile devices. We monitor key financial metrics to evaluate growth trends, establish budgets, measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, and assess operational efficiencies. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business.