Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. These indicators include growth in volume, revenue, organic revenue, operating profit, safety, innovation, product and service quality, organizational health, brand equity, media viewership and engagement, employee diversity, productivity savings, and free cash flow. We believe that many of the challenges we currently face create new growth opportunities for our company. We anticipate that the challenges we currently face will continue and we intend to focus on upgrading our commercial capabilities, building new capabilities, and increasing our focus on reducing costs. We are focused on innovation and brand building to position ourselves to continue to deliver the types of products our consumers demand and address increasing regulation of our products. We are also focused on developing new ways to reach our consumers through innovative digital marketing, social media engagement, and content creation. We intend to continue our focus on productivity and lowering the cost base of the company, primarily by utilizing our global scale, eliminating duplication, deploying new technologies, and capitalizing on everyday opportunities to lower our cost base. We are automating our processes for packaging and warehousing, enabling engineers to monitor our production systems remotely, resulting in better, faster solutions at a lower cost. We are also instituting policies to control expenses and expanding training to minimize waste and boost efficiency. Our business strategies are designed to address key challenges facing our company, including uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, an increasingly competitive business environment with constantly changing consumer tastes and preferences, and intensifying regulatory pressures. We are focused on increasing our e-commerce presence and capabilities, continuing to invest in research and development and design to foster breakthrough innovations, and enhancing consumer experiences across our businesses. Our ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. We manage commodity price, foreign exchange, and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging with derivative instruments. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor, and communicate risks across the company's operations. Our board of directors has oversight responsibility for our integrated risk management framework, which includes oversight of financial, compliance, and employee safety risks. We believe that disciplined, balanced capital allocation is one of the hallmarks of a well-run business, and we are focused on reinvesting in our business, continuing to pay dividends to shareholders, and strengthening our market positions through acquisitions. Our investment strategy includes the use of actively managed accounts and is reviewed periodically in conjunction with plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, and our overall investment policy, which permits the use of derivative instruments primarily to reduce risk. We are committed to providing timely, accurate, and understandable information to investors, maintaining strong controls over financial reporting, and engaging strong and effective corporate governance from our board of directors.