We believe the scale and quality of our operating platform, the skills of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenue, earnings, net operating income, cash flows, and core funds from operations is based on rising rents, as market rents are increasing across many of our markets. We expect rent growth to continue as demand for logistics facilities is strong in many markets across the globe. Our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support the development of more than 154 million additional square feet of industrial space. We believe the carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value going forward through the development of our strategic land and dispositions of nonstrategic land. We believe we have the infrastructure that will allow us to increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. The operating fundamentals in the markets in which we operate have been improving, positively affecting both occupancy and rental rates, which has fueled development activity. Our owned and managed properties include operating industrial properties and do not include properties under development or held for sale to third parties. We evaluate the performance of the operating properties we own and manage using a "same store" analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of changes in the composition of the portfolio on performance measures. We recognize changes in rental revenue from contractual rent increases on existing leases and experienced an increase in rental rates on the turnover of existing leases every quarter since 2012. We recognize the total rental revenue under the lease on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease, which includes all known contractual changes. We also recognize the majority of our rental expenses from customers, with rental expense recoveries included in both rental revenue and rental expenses. We incurred general and administrative costs, net of equity-based compensation expenses, and capitalized certain costs directly related to our development and leasing activities. Our cash flow from operations is impacted by our real estate operations segment, which generates the majority of our operating cash. We also generate operating cash through our strategic capital segment by providing management services to our unconsolidated co-investment ventures. Our investments represented our proportionate share, and the ventures used the funds for the acquisition of operating properties, development, and repayment of debt. We expect to fund our cash needs principally from fees earned for services performed on behalf of the co-investment ventures, distributions received from the co-investment ventures, proceeds from the disposition of properties, and proceeds from the sale of a portion of our investments in co-investment ventures. We also have credit facilities available for borrowing and may generate proceeds from the issuance of equity securities, subject to market conditions. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities, distributions from our co-investment ventures, and available financing sources is considered adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements.