The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We have continued to adjust our air capacity and cost structure in our transportation network to better match the prevailing volume levels. Our broad portfolio of product offerings and the flexibilities inherent in our transportation network have helped us adapt to changing trends. Productivity improvements have continued to be realized through adjusting our air and ground networks to better match volume levels and utilizing technology to increase package sorting and delivery efficiency. The continued deployment of Orion has contained the average daily vehicle miles driven even as package volume increased. We incurred higher employee compensation, largely resulting from an increase in average daily union labor hours, union contractual wage rate increases, and growth in the overall size of the workforce. Employee benefit costs increased, largely due to increased employee healthcare, pension expense, and workers compensation expense. We incurred lower expenses associated with purchased transportation, primarily due to the decreased use of, and lower fuel surcharge rates passed to us from rail carriers and outside contract carriers. These cost increases were also mitigated by certain network efficiency and productivity improvements, which resulted in a reduction in the total adjusted cost per piece. The increase in ground volume in 2015 was driven by growth in residential ground and SurePost volume and business-to-business shipping activity. The growth in e-commerce drove demand for our SurePost service. Our total volume increased in 2015, largely due to faster growing premium air products and continued growth in e-commerce and overall retail sales. Business-to-consumer shipments, which represent more than 45% of total U.S. domestic package volume, grew nearly 3% for the year and drove increases in both air and ground shipments. We continued to experience solid export volume growth in 2015, with increases from all regions of the world. The growth was mainly driven by our European and Americas operations, which experienced solid increases in volume to most regions of the world. The combination of low inflation, healthy employment growth, and a strong dollar have created a favorable environment for U.S. households. The uneven nature of economic growth worldwide, combined with a trend towards more intra-regional trade, has continued the shifting of trade patterns and weakened demand in certain trade lanes. We believe these adjusted financial measures are important indicators of our recurring results of operations because they exclude items that may not be indicative of, or are unrelated to, our core operating results, and provide a better baseline for analyzing trends in our underlying businesses. We have continued to utilize newly expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region. The adjustments to our air and ground networks have allowed us to process increased volume at a faster rate than the increase in average daily aircraft block hours and vehicle miles driven. The increase in average daily union labor hours was impacted by volume growth, additional overtime, and training hours during our fourth-quarter holiday shipping season. We recognize changes in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses in excess of a 10% corridor for company-sponsored pension and postretirement liabilities immediately as part of net periodic benefit cost.