Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks that may cause our future results to differ from current expectations. The risks described represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. We operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. To remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions, and services. Our commitment to innovation is continuous amid challenging business and operating environments, which underpins our drive to innovate across our portfolio to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our customers. However, the ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements or ethical considerations. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, devoting significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. The global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems grow in frequency, complexity, and sophistication. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents, but the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may be difficult to detect. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and must properly manage these systems, applications, and solutions to ensure they support our businesses. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans designed to protect our businesses against various events, but the severity of a failure may require us to replace or rebuild affected systems. Our technology capabilities are critical to our differentiation and growth, and we continue to advance all of our key platforms. We have made significant investments in product development, and our business could be adversely affected if we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs. Our transformation initiatives are designed to streamline our organization and strengthen our talent and culture while supporting revenue growth and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits. Our financial condition remains solid, and we are well positioned to support our associates and clients. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that our policies and procedures will be adequate or that our employees will not take actions in violation of our policies. Any violations could limit certain business activities and could result in civil and criminal penalties, which could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.