A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation of our business and/or affect our reputation. To achieve our business objectives, we rely on sophisticated information technology systems, including software, mobile applications, cloud services and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs and/or adversely affect our reputation. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, our clinical and commercial manufacturing processes and our product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems makes them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Upgrades or changes to our systems or the software that we use may result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our systems also contain and utilize a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends and forecasts, litigation materials and/or personal information belonging to us, our staff, our patients, customers and/or other parties. System vulnerabilities and/or cybersecurity breaches experienced by our third-party service providers have constituted a substantial share of the information security risks that have affected us. Cyberattackers are also increasingly exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software from shared or open-source code. We rely on third-party commercial software that may have such vulnerabilities, but as use of open-source code is frequently not disclosed, our ability to fully assess this risk to our systems is limited. We have also experienced challenges in obtaining certain COVID-19-related supplies, including COVID-19 antigen rapid test kits for our staff, as a result of high demand and limited supplies during the Omicron variant surge. The rapid reallocation of resources for the treatment and prevention of COVID-19 and/or disruptions and shortages in the global supply chain caused by the pandemic could also result in increased competition for, or reduced availability of, materials or components used in the development, manufacturing, distribution or administration of our products. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social and governance objectives. Stakeholders, including our investors and our employees, have increasingly focused on, and are expected to continue to focus on, our ESG practices. If our ESG practices fail to meet these stakeholders' expectations and standards, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and, ultimately, our stock price. The increased availability of remote working arrangements in response to the COVID-19 pandemic has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our employees and employment candidates. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurances that our efforts will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks and/or breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in material financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us or negatively affect our stock price.