A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include technological changes and the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure. Our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers. The current inflationary and high interest rate environment could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains and maintain liquidity and deploy network capital. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. Significant consolidation among our customers could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. Our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk. Achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets, and personnel. Integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including differing systems and cultural differences. Our customers may not be able to meet their operating obligations, including making payments to us in the future, which may result in us incurring additional impairment expenses or other similar charges. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. Problems at one or more of our data centers could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage, which could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. Our customers may experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. If these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. However, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. If we, or our vendors, experience technology failures, including cybersecurity incidents or the loss of personally identifiable information, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, which may include reputational damage. Our ability to achieve our environmental, social, and governance goals is based on several factors, some of which are outside of our control, including changing regulatory requirements and the pace of changes in technology. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our announced goals and initiatives. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available. Our operations are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.