The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power, data storage and analytics, improved wireless connectivity, and the practical applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, will continue to improve users' experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers; failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, service interruptions, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including limited fulfillment and technology infrastructure. We regularly evaluate our facility requirements. We experience significant fluctuations in our operating results and growth rate, which depend on the continued growth of demand for the products and services offered by us or our sellers, and our business is affected by general economic, business, and geopolitical conditions worldwide. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical. The introduction of competitive stores, websites, products, services, price decreases, or improvements can affect our market positioning. We seek to expand our fulfillment network to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We also rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers. Our ability to receive inbound inventory efficiently and ship completed orders to customers also may be negatively affected by natural or human-caused disasters, geopolitical events, and security issues. We could be harmed by data loss or other security breaches because we collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and business and personal information. Failure to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security breaches or vulnerabilities affecting our or our vendors' or customers' technology, products, and systems could expose us or our customers to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of such information. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy; we experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to customers and third parties. We face significant competition in the technology industry, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and other technical staff. The loss of any of our executive officers or other key employees, the failure to successfully transition key roles, or the inability to hire, train, retain, and manage qualified personnel could harm our business.