Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. Weak domestic or global economic conditions and continuing economic uncertainty, fear or anticipation of such conditions, a recession, international trade disputes, global pandemics, or a reduction in information technology and network infrastructure spending could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects in several ways, including longer sales cycles, lower prices for our products and services, and reduced unit sales. The networking market is rapidly evolving, and failure to successfully pursue new products and services and expand into adjacent markets could adversely affect our business. Our ability to manage our supply chain may be adversely affected by geopolitical conditions, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine conflict, which have resulted in prolonged manufacturing and supply chain disruptions. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products through our acquisitions and internal research and development efforts to expand our product offerings and maintain our revenue growth. Our research and development efforts are focused on new product development and maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products, including new releases and upgrades to our EOS software and applications. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. We engineer our products to be agnostic with respect to the underlying merchant silicon architecture. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response. We rely on the availability of licenses to third-party software and other intellectual property, and our products contain third-party open-source software components, which entail risks that could restrict our ability to sell our products. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support and services offerings, and our failure to offer high-quality support and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also face risks associated with the acquisition and integration of complementary companies, products, or technologies, and our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to operational risks. Our reliance on component suppliers yields the potential for the infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property rights due to the incorporation of such components into our products. Our products must interoperate with operating systems, software applications, and hardware developed by others, and if we are unable to devote the necessary resources to ensure that our products interoperate with such software and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase market share and experience a weakening demand for our products.