The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, emphasizing the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by a broad array of customers around the world, particularly in information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video, and data communications. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage, allowing it to provide quality products on a timely basis while offering a level of resiliency and diversification against local risks and challenges. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business, and rapid technological changes could lead to the entry of new competitors of various sizes against which it may not be able to successfully compete. The company is also exposed to risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, including changes in economic conditions and geopolitical factors that may adversely impact its business and operating results. Cybersecurity incidents affecting the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The company maintains significant amounts of data electronically, which relates to all aspects of its business, including financial information and customer data. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements that can impose significant obligations for companies on how they collect, store, protect, process, and transfer personal data. The company's strategy is to provide customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of quality and service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications. The company has also experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses, which underscores the importance of effective management capabilities in leveraging technology resources for business transformation. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company's ability to attract, recruit, hire, and retain skilled employees, including management teams, is critical for its performance and operational flexibility in a competitive market.