Our business depends on various internally managed IT systems and outsourced IT services, including cloud-based and other critical corporate infrastructure services relating to financial reporting, product orders and shipping, human resources, benefit plan administration, IT network development, network monitoring, and electronic communication services. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are dependent on our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. Although these systems are designed to protect and secure our customers', suppliers', and employees' confidential information, as well as our own proprietary information, we are, out of necessity, dependent on our vendors to adequately address cybersecurity threats to their own systems. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. An impairment of the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our IT systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our software products are intended to manage and secure IT infrastructures and environments, and as a result, we expect these products to be ongoing targets of cybersecurity attacks. If our software products do not remain compatible with ever-changing operating environments, platforms, or third-party products, demand for our products and services could decrease, which could materially adversely affect our business. We may be required to make substantial modifications of our products to maintain compatibility with operating systems, systems software, and computer hardware used by our customers or to provide our customers with desired features or capabilities. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is also affected by our IT capabilities, as our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products and damage our reputation with current or prospective customers. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. Compliance with laws and regulations concerning privacy, cybersecurity, data governance, and data protection could result in significant expense, and any failure to comply could result in proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or other third parties. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our IT infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect. We may also experience claims from employees with regard to exposure to hazardous materials or other workplace-related environmental claims. The successful integration of the VMware business will require significant management attention both before and after the completion of the VMware merger, and may divert the attention of management from our business and operational issues.