BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The investment management industry is highly competitive, and BlackRock competes based on a number of factors including investment performance, liquidity, its technology and portfolio construction offerings, and its ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. BlackRock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock's competitive success. The company is also investing to scale Aladdin for its next leg of growth through the migration of Aladdin from BlackRock-hosted data centers to the cloud, which is expected to bring enhanced capabilities to BlackRock and its Aladdin clients, accelerating innovation and supporting greater computing scale and flexibility for clients. BlackRock's strategy continues to be guided by the company's clients' needs and focus on the long-term, which enables it to deliver durable returns for shareholders and create value for all stakeholders. The company believes that the introduction of new products and services, including the creation of increasingly customizable products, requires continued innovative effort and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. BlackRock's long-term strategy remains to keep alpha at the heart of BlackRock; accelerate growth in ETFs, illiquid alternatives, and technology; deliver whole portfolio solutions; and become the global leader in sustainable investing. The company is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions for both retail investors and institutions, which includes having a diverse platform of alpha-seeking active, index, and alternative products, as well as enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. BlackRock continues to evolve and enable clients to further simplify their operating infrastructure with Aladdin, providing them with choice and flexibility. The company is creating connectivity with ecosystem providers and third-party technology solutions, which include asset servicers, cloud providers, digital asset platforms, trading systems, and others, who can work with clients in their Aladdin environments to provide a more customized and seamless end-to-end experience. BlackRock's technology services offerings enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. The anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. The company is also subject to extensive regulation around the world, which increases its cost of doing business and may require it to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be time-consuming and costly, increase regulatory compliance costs, and impede the company's growth. BlackRock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to react to changes in the asset management industry, respond to evolving client demands, and develop, market, and manage new investment products and services.