We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. Cyber-attacks could further adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. Our operating businesses face intense competition within markets in which they operate, and many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Accordingly, our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our various businesses, and our inability to recruit, train, and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. We employ various disciplined underwriting practices intended to mitigate potential losses and attempt to take into account all possible correlations and avoid writing groups of policies from which pre-tax losses from a single catastrophe event might aggregate. Our insurance businesses are subject to regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and changes in regulations related to these or other matters may adversely impact our results of operations and restrict our ability to allocate capital. We believe that the board's succession plan, together with the outstanding managers running our numerous and highly diversified operating units, helps to mitigate risks associated with key personnel. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO and Berkshire's corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains and losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. The timing and magnitude of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. We currently consider pre-tax incurred losses exceeding $150 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. We strive to produce pre-tax underwriting earnings over the long term in all business categories, except for certain retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity contracts. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting.