Citi's expenses increased 6% versus the prior year, driven by continued investments in Citi's transformation, business-led investments, and volume-related expenses, as well as other risk and control investments and inflation, all partially offset by productivity savings. Approximately 2% of the expense increase was attributed to transformation investments, with about two-thirds related to the risk, controls, data, and finance programs, of which approximately 25% were related to technology. Citi's transformation efforts include investments aimed at strengthening risk and controls while improving value to customers, clients, and shareholders. The CEO has prioritized strengthening Citi's risk and control environment, establishing a chief administrative officer organization to centralize program management. The Citigroup and Citibank boards of directors formed a transformation oversight committee to oversee management's remediation efforts under regulatory consent orders. Citi's ongoing investments in technology and operational capabilities are integral to its strategy for enhancing organizational effectiveness and achieving competitive advantage. The firm has made substantial progress on its consumer banking business divestitures, which are part of a broader strategy to optimize its technology portfolio and operational flexibility. The increase in net interest income was driven by both cash and trade businesses, reflecting benefits from higher interest rates, balance sheet optimization, and higher average deposits. Citi's end-of-period loans were $657 billion, down 2% versus the prior year, largely driven by legacy franchises and the impact of foreign exchange translation. The decline in legacy franchises primarily reflected the reclassification of loans to other assets to reflect held-for-sale accounting. Citi's total provisions for credit losses and for benefits and claims was a cost of $5.2 billion, compared to a benefit of $3.8 billion in the prior year, largely reflecting a net build of $1.2 billion in the allowance for credit losses for loans and unfunded commitments, primarily due to consumer loan growth and a deterioration in macroeconomic assumptions. The net ACL build was primarily due to cards loan growth in personal banking and wealth management and a deterioration in macroeconomic assumptions. Citi's net income before attribution of noncontrolling interests was $14.9 billion, reflecting a decrease primarily driven by higher operating expenses and cost of credit. The firm reported that its common equity tier 1 capital ratio increased to 13.0% as of December 31, 2022, compared to 12.2% as of December 31, 2021, indicating the effectiveness of its capital management strategies. The institutional clients group reported revenues of $41.2 billion, an increase of 3%, driven by higher services and markets revenues, partially offset by lower banking revenues. The strong performance in treasury and trade solutions was driven by deepening relationships with existing clients and an increase in new clients across segments. Overall, Citi's strategic focus on technology deployment and transformation initiatives is expected to enhance its operational efficiency and market responsiveness, positioning the firm to better meet evolving business needs and capitalize on investment opportunities.