Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. We face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of entertainment, sports, news, and information content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. Our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, as our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. The ability to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could adversely affect our competitive position. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others, which may limit our ability to compete effectively. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations, and sell our products and services. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents could cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts, including degradation or disruption of our network, products, and services. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements through our cash flows from operating activities. We expect to continue using a substantial portion of our cash flows from operating activities in repaying our debt obligations, funding our capital expenditures, and investing in business opportunities. Our capital expenditures are expected to focus on increased investment in scalable infrastructure as we execute our plans to upgrade our network to deliver multigigabit speeds. The increase in capital expenditures is primarily due to increased spending on line extensions, scalable infrastructure, support capital, and customer premise equipment. Our ability to compete effectively also depends on our investment in technology initiatives, such as the deployment of multigigabit symmetrical speeds and the development and enhancement of various streaming platforms. The financial performance of our segments is affected by our ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. Our programming expenses represent our most significant operating expense, and we expect that these expenses will be impacted by rate increases to a greater extent in the future. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market, and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions, and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets.