Our technology, our customers and our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution facilities, our pre-and post-trade services and clearing facilities. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. We constantly monitor system loads and performance, and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in volume. However, we cannot assure that our estimates of future trading volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance or speed. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions, which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems and our ability to access key business data, financial information, order processing and invoicing. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, or regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our third-party providers or partners, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability and resilience, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings, including the development and migration of our marketplace and supporting operational and business functions to the cloud, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. Our industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. Our competitors may respond more quickly to competitive pressures and opportunities, develop products that are preferred by our customers compared to those offered by us, develop risk transfer products that compete with our products, price their products and services more competitively, and utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology.