Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which another joint venture partner is operator or we may not have majority control. In these cases, the economic, business, or legal interests or goals of the operator or the voting majority may be inconsistent with ours, and we may not be able to influence the decision-making or outcomes to align with our interests or goals. Failure by an operator or a majority, with whom we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any operations could have an adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, is faced with growing cybersecurity threats as we increasingly rely on digital technologies across our business, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. As a result, we face various cybersecurity threats, both internal and external, such as attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, sensitive information about our operations and our employees, attempts to render our data or systems corrupted or unusable, threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure as well as those of third-parties with whom we do business, including third-party cloud and IT service providers, and attempted cyber terrorism. Cybersecurity threats could affect the security of our data and proprietary information housed internally and on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. A successful attack may result in gaining unauthorized access to, or control of, and disclosure of sensitive information about our operations and our employees and/or partners; attempts to corrupt, sabotage, or render our data or systems unusable; theft or manipulation of our proprietary business information, whether from insiders or external threat actors; and cyberextortion for the return of data. The impact to our data could subject our company to potential reputational damage, legal liability, regulatory fines and penalties, and increased compliance costs. In addition, cybersecurity threats could also disrupt our oil and gas operations both domestically and abroad given that computers aid to control production, our equipment and monitor our distribution systems globally and are necessary to deliver our production to market. A disruption, failure, or a cyberattack of these operating systems, or of the networks, software and infrastructure on which they rely, could damage production, distribution or storage assets, delay or prevent delivery to markets, make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions, or negatively impact public health or safety, economic security, or national security. We maintain an extensive network of technical security procedures and controls, training, and policy enforcement mechanisms to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities and infrastructure. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures, or measures implemented by third parties, will be completely effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of employee and/or third-party trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties or intervention.