The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brands depends largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and to continue to provide high-quality innovative products, services, and features in a secure, reliable manner that enhances our customers' success even as we scale and expand our services. Our services involve the storage and transmission of our customers' and our customers' customers' proprietary and other sensitive data, including financial, health, and other personal information. We can provide no assurances that our security measures designed to protect our customers' and our customers' customers' data will be effective. Our ability to mitigate risks may be impacted by the continued evolution of our internal IT systems as we early adopt new technologies and new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. Our corporate headquarters, and a significant portion of our personnel, research and development activities, IT systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. We have experienced and may in the future experience defects in our products that created vulnerabilities that inadvertently permitted access to protected customer data. Our business operations, the business operations of third-party providers or suppliers that we rely on to conduct our business, and the business operations of our customers are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shutoffs or shortages, actual or threatened public health emergencies, and other events beyond our control. Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our chief executive officer. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our services and technologies. Our technology industry is subject to substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing software and internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives, data scientists, and operations personnel. Our ability to deliver our services is dependent on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. The internet's infrastructure comprises many different networks and services that are highly fragmented and distributed by design. This infrastructure is run by a series of independent third-party organizations that work together to provide the infrastructure and supporting services of the internet. Our efforts to expand our service offerings and to develop and integrate our existing services in order to keep pace with technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and harm our business. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application services, and we expect this will continue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments, or integrate acquired businesses effectively may be impaired by trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments and acquisitions in the technology sector. We continue to evaluate such opportunities and expect to continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Our strategic investment portfolio continues to be affected by high public equity market volatility as well as challenging market conditions for companies in which we hold private equity or debt investments. We expect to incur approximately $600 million to $1.1 billion in charges in connection with the restructuring plan in the near term. We plan to continue to invest additional resources in our enterprise cloud computing services and data center capacity to allow us to scale with our customers and continuously evolve our security measures.