Our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused economic and financial disruptions globally, including in most of the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations. We continue to manage through significant supply constraints seen industry-wide due to component shortages, which have resulted in extended lead times and higher supply chain costs. The magnitude and duration of the disruption, its continuing impact on us, and the resulting decline in global business activity is uncertain. Our ability to execute strategic plans and the timing, size, and mix of orders from customers are influenced by these external factors. The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers presents challenges in maintaining appropriate inventory levels and purchasing commitments. Our operating results have been subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, including fluctuations in demand for our products and services, changes in sales and implementation cycles, and price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation. The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in new and evolving markets, are critical to our competitive positioning. We are transforming our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings, where revenue is recognized over time, which requires us to adapt our operational capabilities and IT architecture. Our strategy is to help our customers connect, secure, and automate to accelerate their digital agility in a cloud-first world. We are committed to driving a trusted customer experience through our innovation, choice, and people. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical tensions, including the Russia and Ukraine war, have led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, which have affected our operations, including longer than normal lead times. The global macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging and inconsistent, and is being significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe these actions are helping us to optimize our access to critical components and meet customer demand for our products. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. Our business may not be more efficient or effective than prior to the implementation of restructuring plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We continue to invest in research and development to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage. The markets for our products and services are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and new product and service introductions, which necessitate a focus on innovation and operational flexibility to respond to shifting consumer demands and market dynamics.