John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets, competing on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. John Deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, John Deere needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems. John Deere may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, data security for precision technology solutions, and employee training. These investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. If John Deere is not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation and business. John Deere's financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of John Deere's sales worldwide. The financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results. John Deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance, supply chain compromise, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other events. The occurrence of any significant event could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption to John Deere's operations, and damage to John Deere's reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy. John Deere's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as its ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with John Deere's operations and could compromise the information of John Deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing John Deere to liability that could cause John Deere's business and reputation to suffer.