The company relies on information technology systems, some of which are provided and/or managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personal data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners. These systems support a variety of critical business processes and activities, such as receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers, and fulfilling contractual obligations. The company’s information technology systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, and evolving customer expectations. The company has deployed its capabilities, expertise, and scale to address critical health needs related to COVID-19, including developing and making available diagnostic tests for the rapid detection of COVID-19 as well as providing critical support to firms developing and producing vaccines and therapies for COVID-19. The company's ability to compete can also be impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for products incorporating digital capabilities or more environmentally friendly products and supplier practices. The health care industry and related industries that the company serves have undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs, which can adversely affect the business and financial statements. The company faces intense competition, and if it is unable to compete effectively, it may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. The company’s growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. If the company does not develop innovative new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis, its offerings will become obsolete over time, and its business and financial statements will suffer. The company’s success depends on several factors, including its ability to correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate research and development funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, anticipate and respond to competitors' development of new products and services and technological innovations, and successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner. Significant shifts in industry market share may occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts, and publications about products, reflecting the competitive significance of product quality, product efficacy, and quality systems in the industry. The company’s information technology systems and data have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and it expects the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration, or interference with the company's products may also adversely affect product functionality and result in loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. The company is subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, and/or sensitive data in the course of its business. Failure to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements can result in adverse regulatory and business consequences and litigation.