In evaluating our business, we face risks associated with managing healthcare costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our profitability depends on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, and negotiation of favorable provider contracts. We continue to evaluate our experience in the public exchange markets, adjusting our premium rates and geographic participation based on expected financial performance and regulatory environment. A cyber-attack or other privacy or data security incident could disrupt our operations, expose us to liability under federal, state, and international laws, and subject us to litigation and investigations. We collect, store, process, retain, and analyze sensitive and confidential information, including protected personal information, and are subject to continuously evolving laws regarding the use and disclosure of such information. Our information technology systems are regularly targeted by cyber-attacks, and we cannot ensure that we will be able to identify, prevent, or contain the effects of such attacks. The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, which require ongoing investment and commitment of resources to maintain and enhance existing systems. We are subject to risks associated with pandemics, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. The covid-19 pandemic has impacted our business, providers, customers, and communities, leading to increased healthcare costs and cash flow volatility. We must respond to pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and potentially disruptive new entrants in the public exchanges and in our other lines of business. Our ability to develop, implement, and support new and existing products and services depends on the integrity of our data and information systems. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important, and the pace at which our customers will need enhanced technologies with sophisticated applications for mobile interfaces will continue to expand. Our information systems must be accurate and reliable to avoid disputes with customers and providers, face regulatory problems, and incur increases in operating expenses. We have been subject to litigation and governmental investigations related to cyber-attacks and security breaches, which could divert management's attention from operations and result in reputational damage. Our programs to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents may not be sufficient to cover all claims and liabilities. We are also dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions, including information technology systems, which could adversely affect our business if these relationships are disrupted. Our ability to acquire, deploy, and leverage IT resources effectively is critical in transforming our firm into a competitive force. We believe that our IT capabilities will enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives in a rapidly evolving healthcare landscape.