We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have been investing heavily in our back-office information technology systems and processes for a number of years and expect such investment to continue for the foreseeable future in support of our pursuit of global, scalable solutions across all geographies and functions that we operate in. These continuing investments include ongoing improvements to the customer experience from initial quote to customer billing and our revenue recognition process, integration of recently-acquired operations onto our various information technology systems, and implementation of new tools and technologies to either further streamline and automate processes, or to support our compliance with evolving U.S. GAAP. Our finance team is also working on a multi-year project to move the backbone of our finance systems to the cloud. As a result of our continued work on these projects, we may experience difficulties with our systems, management distraction, and significant business disruptions. For example, difficulties with our systems may interrupt our ability to accept and deliver customer orders and may adversely impact our overall financial operations, including our accounts payable, accounts receivables, general ledger, fixed assets, revenue recognition, close processes, internal financial controls, and our ability to otherwise run and track our business. We may need to expend significant attention, time, and resources to correct problems or find alternative sources for performing these functions. All of these changes to our financial systems also create an increased risk of deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting until such systems are stabilized. Such significant investments in our back-office systems may take longer to complete and cost more than originally planned. In addition, we may not realize the full benefits we hoped to achieve, and there is a risk of an impairment charge if we decide that portions of these projects will not ultimately benefit us or are de-scoped. Furthermore, the collective impact of these changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements, distraction from the effective operation of our business, and difficulty in attracting and retaining employees. We have experienced an information technology security breach in the past and may be vulnerable to future security breaches, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, and financial condition. Despite our efforts to protect against cyber-attacks, we are not fully insulated from these types of security breaches, and such an attack could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. As we provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. We may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security. Any breaches that may occur in the future could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation, and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and results of operations.