We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our ability to respond timely to technological changes, including enhancing our current products and services and developing new products, will significantly affect our future success. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, and increasing client expectations. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships, our business may be adversely affected. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business, amplifying many of our known risks. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients, and their customers. Preserving the confidentiality of sensitive business and personal information is critical to our business. Any unauthorized access or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls. Our business depends heavily on the reliability of our systems, and an operational failure that results in an interruption in the availability of our products and services could harm our business or cause us to lose clients. We rely on third parties to provide products and services, and if we are unable to obtain such products or services in the future or if these third parties fail to perform adequately, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. The global payments landscape continues to evolve, with rapidly advancing technologies and a steady expansion of digital payments, e-commerce, and real-time payments infrastructure. Business and consumer expectations continue to rise, with a focus on speed, convenience, choice, and security. To meet these expectations, payments companies are focused on modernizing their technology, expanding the use of data, and enhancing the customer experience. Financial institutions and other financial technology providers regularly introduce and implement new payment, deposit, risk management, lending, and investment products, and the distinctions among the products and services traditionally offered continue to narrow. We anticipate that demand for products that facilitate customer interaction with financial institutions will continue to increase, creating revenue opportunities for us. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with our position as a leading provider of non-discretionary, recurring revenue-based products and services, gives us a solid foundation for growth. The volume and complexity of the regulations that impact our business will continue to increase our cost of doing business. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to liability and harm our business. We are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs, which require specific data retention obligations to be observed by intermediaries in the payment process. Our ability to access capital on favorable terms depends on a number of factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, and credit ratings on our debt securities.