The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains, with client adoption rates and viable economic models being less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly-growing segments. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models, and ecosystems, client demand for products or services may decline or costs may increase. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the failure or interruption of information technology systems. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, and agile processes, while enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through its globally integrated model. The company’s reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by events such as significant disputes with clients, product defects, internal control deficiencies, and cybersecurity incidents, which could impact its ability to attract and retain customers, talent, and ecosystem partners. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services, as failures in these areas could negatively impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, and other third parties, particularly as all parties increasingly digitize their operations. Cybersecurity attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in information technology systems could result in interruptions or delays to operations or services, financial loss, and damage to brand and reputation. The company’s ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks, including the failure to achieve strategic objectives, anticipated revenue improvements, and cost savings. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company’s financial results are difficult to predict due to factors such as the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and data privacy, which could impact its business, including risks originating from intentional acts of criminal hackers and unintentional acts of customers, contractors, and other third parties. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, data protection, and privacy laws and regulations around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs and could make certain offerings less profitable or increase the difficulty of bringing certain offerings to market.