We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services, and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations, and government entities. Our business is conducted through three reportable business segments: exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. These revenues are based on recurring software as a service, or SaaS, subscription fees, with an additive transaction-based or success-based pricing fee as lenders exceed the number of loans closed that are included with their monthly base subscription. Our data and connectivity services revenues are recurring subscription fees related to the various data and connectivity services that we provide which are directly attributable to our exchange venues. Our listings revenues are also recurring subscription fees that we earn for the provision of NYSE listings services for public companies and ETFs, and related corporate actions for listed companies. The increase in revenues was driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, and increased purchases by existing customers. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member margin deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We seek to substantially mitigate the credit risk associated with investments by placing them with governments, well-capitalized financial institutions, and other creditworthy counterparties. We have a significant part of our assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses recorded in pounds sterling or euros. As the pound sterling or euro exchange rate changes, the U.S. equivalent of revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies changes accordingly. We incurred foreign currency transaction losses primarily attributable to the fluctuations of the pound sterling and euro relative to the U.S. dollar. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. Our three segments do not engage in intersegment transactions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2022. Many of the data products we sell and services we provide are required for our clients' business operations regardless of market volatility or shifts in business profitability levels. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets, and technology solutions.