Information technology systems are critical to the success of our products, helping us operate effectively and efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, and maintain financial accuracy and efficiency. Our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack, damage, or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyberattacks. If our information technology systems do not effectively and securely collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. However, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or steal personal information or intellectual property change frequently, and we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when they occur. We also rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems, and the systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of our own information technology systems. Our information technology systems interruptions, including cyberattacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. We engage in activities to seek to mitigate such supply disruptions by increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. We are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters relating to information collection. We may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for any failure to comply with such laws, regulations, and directives. The GDPR imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data, including requiring robust disclosures to individuals and providing individual data rights, which could limit our ability to use and share personal data or could cause our costs to increase and harm our business and financial condition. Our ability to grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures may involve acquiring complementary businesses, products, or technologies. Identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or successfully complete identified acquisitions. Integrating an acquisition can also be expensive and time-consuming and may strain our resources. We are also subject to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemic diseases, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers and ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials, parts, and components could harm our ability to meet product demand in a timely manner or within budget. The ongoing armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, and increased risk of cyberattacks.