The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business, or reputational losses. The company has taken steps to enhance its protections against these attacks, but may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures. The company is aware of incidents in which its third-party partners have been the target of information security or cybersecurity incidents, and while its IT systems have not been compromised by these incidents, future incidents involving customers, manufacturers, suppliers, or other third-party partners could successfully compromise its IT systems. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and pricing. The company has incurred significant expenses in connection with the planned separation of its consumer health business, which may not achieve the expected results. The company's continued growth and success depend on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers, and consumers. Development of successful products and technologies is necessary to offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to competition and loss of patent exclusivity. The company relies on third parties to manufacture certain products, and any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer could result in delays and increased costs, adversely affecting the business. The company has robust business continuity plans in place across its global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of health crises, but these efforts may not completely prevent adverse effects. The company invests in research and development to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. The company has achieved approximately $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings through restructuring actions aimed at enhancing capabilities and optimizing its supply chain network. The company continues to monitor the global capital markets and may raise capital when market conditions are favorable, ensuring sufficient resources to fund operating needs.