Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation. Cybersecurity, data protection and technology risks are significant, as we could incur liability or damage our reputation if our information systems are breached or we fail to protect client or company data. The increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our ability to compete successfully depends on the quality and expertise of our colleagues, the sophistication and quality of our services, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner. The threat of digital disruption comes from traditional players, such as insurers, and from new entrants, such as technology companies and insurtech startups, which are focused on using technology and innovation to simplify and improve the client experience and increase efficiencies. We are also dependent on third-party vendors to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure, and any significant failures by them could cause harm to our reputation or expose us to liability. Our investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. The ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment and the increasing frequency and sophistication of cyberattacks pose significant risks to our information technology capabilities. We may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems, and the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, which may hinder our ability to adequately detect, mitigate or remediate these risks. The integration of information systems from acquired businesses is complex and exposes us to additional risk, as we may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems. Our reliance on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients further complicates our operational landscape, as their actions may adversely impact us.