We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us. Our climate risk management efforts are overseen by the climate risk committee, which shapes our approach to managing climate-related risks in line with our overall risk framework. The firm is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—institutional securities, wealth management, and investment management. Morgan Stanley provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions, and individuals. The firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. The firm has evaluated subsequent events for adjustment to or disclosure in these financial statements through the date of this report and has not identified any recordable or disclosable events not otherwise reported in these financial statements or the notes thereto. The firm has significant regulated U.S. and international subsidiaries that include Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Morgan Stanley Capital Services LLC, and Morgan Stanley Capital Group Inc. The firm provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small to medium-sized businesses and institutions covering: financial advisor-led brokerage, custody, administrative and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage services; financial and wealth planning services; workplace services; securities-based lending; residential real estate loans; banking; and retirement plan services. The firm is also involved with various special purpose entities (SPEs) in the normal course of business. The firm's variable interests in SPEs include debt and equity interests, commitments, guarantees, derivative instruments, and certain fees. The firm determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity upon its initial involvement with the entity and reassesses whether it is the primary beneficiary on an ongoing basis. The firm has provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, representations and warranties regarding certain assets transferred in securitization transactions sponsored by the firm. The firm has exposure to public and private companies through direct investments, as well as through funds that invest in these assets. The firm actively manages its secured financings in a manner that reduces the potential refinancing risk of secured financings of less liquid assets and also considers the quality of collateral when negotiating collateral eligibility with counterparties. The firm monitors required margin levels and established credit terms daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires customers to deposit additional collateral or reduce positions when necessary. The firm has exposure to credit risk as a dealer in over-the-counter derivatives. The firm manages its exposure to these derivative contracts through a variety of risk mitigation strategies, which include managing the credit and correlation risk across single-name, non-tranched indices and baskets, tranched indices and baskets, and cash positions. The firm has implemented an enterprise risk management framework to integrate the diverse roles of risk management into a holistic enterprise structure and to facilitate the incorporation of risk assessment into decision-making processes across the firm.