Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our systems, facilities, and business functions, as well as the operation of various third-party systems. The shut-down, disruption, degradation, or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Many of our critical business systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, and an interruption or degradation of service from a third-party system could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions, including customer interactions and access to company or customer data. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex technology systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications to run our operations and store significant volumes of data. Cyber-attacks by third parties are becoming more frequent and sophisticated, which could significantly damage our business if a security breach occurs. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive information, but our efforts may be insufficient to prevent or defend against an attack. Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes. Technological and societal changes may lead to changes in customers' preferences regarding how they want to interact with us, and if we do not handle these transitions effectively, our business prospects may be adversely affected. Our ability to manage complexity as we develop and deliver high-quality products and customer experiences is essential. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, and informational developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and systems. Our increasing reliance on third-party systems, including cloud computing environments, presents challenges in using machine learning and artificial intelligence in our business processes. We must also manage the availability and uses of large volumes of data and the challenges related to analyzing those data sets. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent with strong technological, analytical, and other skills necessary for our operations. The loss of key employees or failure to attract talent could materially adversely affect our business. Our insurance businesses operate in highly regulated environments, and compliance with laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which may adversely affect our profitability. The pace of change in regulatory requirements increases the risk of non-compliance, which could lead to significant monetary payments, fines, and penalties. Data privacy and security regulations impose complex compliance and reporting requirements, and we may face increased regulatory scrutiny regarding our use of big data techniques, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. Our ability to respond to evolving business conditions and regulatory changes is critical to our success. Our financial condition may be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain capital when necessary to support our business, and our ability to access capital markets is dependent on favorable evaluations and ratings by credit agencies. The highly competitive nature of the insurance marketplace could result in increased competition and consolidation within the industry, which may adversely affect our financial results and business prospects.