We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and licensees, particularly from their sale of premium tier devices. Our industry is experiencing concentration of device share among a few companies, contributing to this trend. Political actions, including trade and/or national security protection policies, have in the past, currently are, and could in the future limit or prevent us from transacting business with certain of our customers, which could significantly reduce the revenues we derive from these customers. We spend a significant amount of engineering and development time, funds, and resources in understanding our key customers' feedback and/or specifications and attempt to incorporate such input into our product launches and technologies. Our growth depends in part on our ability to extend our technologies and products into new and expanded product areas, industries, and applications beyond mobile handsets. We invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 5G-based technologies and also in new and expanded product areas, industries, and applications beyond mobile handsets. Our future growth depends on our ability to develop leading and cost-effective technologies and products for these new and expanded product areas, and third parties incorporating our technologies and products into devices used in these product areas. Our business, particularly our semiconductor business, may suffer as a result of our customers vertically integrating by developing their own integrated circuit products. Certain of our largest integrated circuit customers have developed their own integrated circuit products, which they may utilize in some or all of their devices rather than our products. We expect that our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to effectively cover all geographic regions and all device tiers. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, and competition may intensify as our current competitors expand their product offerings. Our revenues depend on our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on communications technologies, including 5G. The timing and scale of commercial deployments of 5G networks and devices have been delayed due to various factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business may suffer due to the impact of, or our failure to comply with, various existing, new, or amended laws, regulations, policies, or standards, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which is subject to economic and political conditions, industry cycles, and financial, business, and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of security breaches of our IT systems, or other misappropriation of our technology, intellectual property, or other proprietary or confidential information. We believe that we have a robust cybersecurity program aligned to international cybersecurity frameworks, but we cannot anticipate, detect, repel, or implement fully effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity threats. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our IT systems and our technology, intellectual property, and proprietary and confidential information.