We rely on information technology systems to conduct our business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling our products, researching and developing new products, maintaining and growing our competitive position, and supporting and communicating with our employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including, but not limited to, production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, research and development, sales, and customer service. Cybersecurity incidents and other disruptions to our information technology systems could interfere with our operations, result in the compromise or loss of critical and confidential information, and severely harm our business. Despite our efforts to prevent these threats and disruptions to our information technology systems, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from, among other causes, cyber attacks, security breaches, power outages, system failures, or malware. Disruptions to these systems may impair our ability to conduct business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continue to mitigate these risks in a number of ways, including through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts and consultants, improving the security of our facilities and systems, and providing annual training for all employees. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to our business, which often require changes to our business practices. Compliance with these requirements, including the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation and other international and domestic regulations, are costly and will result in additional costs in our efforts to continue to comply. Our ability to attract, retain, develop, and progress a qualified global workforce could adversely impact our business and impair our ability to meet our strategic objectives and the needs of our customers. Competition for talent is intense, and we are facing increased wage rates and labor shortages due to a tightened labor market and other macroeconomic conditions. Our business, reputation, image, and brands could be damaged by negative publicity. Our reputation and image are critical to retaining and growing our customer base and our relationships with other stakeholders. Our business and brands depend on our ability to maintain a positive perception of us and our business, including through our guiding values of integrity, people, service, quality, performance, innovation, and growth. Significant negative claims or publicity involving us, our business, or our products could materially damage our reputation and image, even if such claims are inaccurate. Damage to our reputation and image could adversely impact our ability to attract new and retain existing customers, employees, and other business and stakeholder relationships. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations and if the performance of the businesses we acquire does not meet our expectations. The success of past and future acquisitions depends in large part on our ability to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise as a result of the acquisitions. We expect health, safety, and additional environmental laws, regulations, and requirements to be increasingly stringent upon our industry in the future. Our costs to comply with these laws, regulations, and requirements may increase as they become more stringent in the future, and these increased costs may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition.