The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these matters, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions, and technology system failures. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. Cyber actors have attacked and threatened to attack energy infrastructure, and various regulators have increasingly stressed that these attacks, including ransomware attacks, are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data or to disrupt utility and related business operations. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers, employees, and stockholders, and other confidential information. Malicious actors may target these providers to disrupt the services they provide to the registrants. Internal or external cyber attacks may inhibit the affected registrant's ability to fulfill critical business functions, including energy delivery service failures and compromise sensitive data. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing system protection measures are significant, and they could materially increase to address ever-changing cyber risks. The registrants may not be able to obtain adequate natural gas, fuel supplies, and other resources required to operate the traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power's electric generating plants or serve Southern Company Gas' natural gas customers. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power also need adequate access to water, which is drawn from nearby sources, to aid in the production of electricity. The traditional electric operating companies operate under a business model that invests capital to serve customers and recovers those investments through state regulation. Customers and stakeholders are increasingly focused on the registrants' ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services, and offerings. New technologies such as distributed energy resources and microgrids and increased customer and stakeholder demand for sustainable assets could change the type of assets constructed and/or the methods for cost recovery. Advances in these technologies or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of distributed generation storage technologies or other alternative methods of producing power. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, and these actions cannot be assured to be completed or beneficial. The registrants' ability to meet their respective financial obligations is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their respective subsidiaries. The registrants rely on access to both short-term and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity to meet capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their operations. If any of the registrants is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited due to weakened capacity to fund capital investments or acquisitions.