We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and software-as-a-service solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software (including open-source software) and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. Although we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. When cybersecurity incidents occur, we follow our incident response protocols and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements. Our response to these incidents and our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data may not shield us from significant losses and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. In addition, a greater number of our employees working remotely has exposed us, and may continue to expose us, to greater risks related to cybersecurity and cyber-liability. If our IT systems are damaged or cease to function properly, the networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly, or we or one of our third-party providers suffer a loss or disclosure of our business or stakeholder information due to any number of causes ranging from catastrophic events or power outages to improper data handling or security breaches and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may be exposed to reputational, competitive and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new commercial global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new commercial global ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. The implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. We may be unable to maintain adequate working relationships with healthcare professionals. We seek to maintain close working relationships with respected physicians and medical personnel in healthcare organizations, such as hospitals and universities, who assist in product research and development. We rely on these professionals to assist us in the development and improvement of proprietary products. If we are unable to maintain these relationships due to regulatory restrictions, hospital access restrictions for non-patients or for other reasons, our ability to develop, market and sell new and improved products could be adversely affected.