We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. As a provider of telecommunications and technology services, we depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment, customer premises equipment, and wireless-related equipment for our customers. The costs of these inputs and the costs of labor necessary to develop, deploy, and maintain our networks and our products and services rapidly increased. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures may not be successful. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. We have been expanding our all-fiber wireline network and must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of data, including video, and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus, which consist of improving broadband connectivity. We expect to continue to deliver revenue growth in the coming years, driven by our wireless subscriber momentum and 5G deployment. Our business is subject to risks related to the COVID-19 virus, which has caused negative effects on our operating results, including impacts on our customers' ability to pay for our products and services. The continuing growth of IP-based services has created conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent cyberattacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. Cyberattacks could have a material adverse effect on our operations, causing equipment or network failures, loss of information, and disruptions to our operations. Our business operations could be subject to interruption by equipment failures, power outages, and natural disasters, which could cause significant damage to the infrastructure upon which our business operations rely. Our ability to respond to competition will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. We are transitioning services from our old copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed. Our operating costs could continue to put pressure on margins and customer retention levels. We expect the spending required to support growth initiatives, primarily our continued deployment of fiber and 5G, to pressure expense trends. We are restructuring businesses, improving customer service, and reassessing overall benefit costs. Our capital expenditures and vendor financing payments were elevated, reflecting strategic investments. Our capital investment is influenced by demand for services and products, capacity needs, and network enhancements. We continue to transform our operations to be more efficient and effective. Our management capability is crucial in leveraging technology resources and capabilities to enhance business strategies and work processes.