We face significant competition in our industries, and the rapid development of new technologies has eliminated many traditional distinctions among communication services, bringing new competitors to our markets. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, and the development of new and enhanced products and services. To grow and remain competitive, we need to adapt to future changes in technology, enhance our existing offerings, and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. If we are unable to take advantage of developments in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis, we may experience a decline in demand for our services and be unable to implement our business strategy. Our strategy requires significant capital investments primarily to acquire wireless spectrum, provide additional capacity for growth in our networks, and develop and maintain significant advanced information technology systems and data system capabilities. We believe that our investments aimed at expanding our portfolio of products and services will provide our customers with an efficient, reliable infrastructure for competing in the information economy. We are consistently deploying new network architecture and technologies to secure our leadership in both fourth-generation and fifth-generation wireless networks. Our next-generation multi-use platform, the intelligent edge network, will simplify operations by eliminating legacy network elements, speed the deployment of 5G wireless technology, and create new opportunities in the business market in a cost-efficient manner. We continue to invest in our wireless networks, high-speed fiber, and other advanced technologies to position ourselves at the center of growth trends for the future. We expect that our network architecture will simplify operations, improve coverage, speed the deployment of 5G technology, and create new enterprise opportunities. Our capital expenditures continue to relate primarily to the use of capital resources to increase the operating efficiency and productivity of our networks, maintain our existing infrastructure, facilitate the introduction of new products and services, and enhance responsiveness to competitive challenges. The telecommunications industry is highly competitive, and we expect competition to remain intense as traditional and non-traditional participants seek increased market share. Our high-quality customer base and networks differentiate us from our competitors and give us the ability to plan and manage through changing economic and competitive conditions. We will continue to offer our business and government customers a converged-enterprise environment for voice and data services as well as more robust IP products and services, and advance our IoT strategies by leveraging business models that monetize usage on our networks at the connectivity, platform, and solution layers. We expect to support connection growth in part by adding capacity and further expanding our wireless coverage, and by continuing the build-out of our 5G network. Our operational risks include cyber attacks impacting our networks or systems, which could have an adverse effect on our business. The development and maintenance of systems to prevent such attacks is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating to address their increasing prevalence and sophistication. The inability to operate or use our networks and systems as a result of cyber attacks may result in significant expenses and a loss of market share to our competitors.