Our business operations could be affected by the failure to successfully execute our omni-channel strategy and the cost of our investments in ecommerce and technology, which may materially adversely affect our market position, net sales, and financial performance. The retail business continues to rapidly evolve, and consumers increasingly embrace digital shopping, leading to an increasing portion of total consumer expenditures occurring through digital platforms. The success of our strategy will depend on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience and interconnected ecosystem for our customers that deepens and maintains our relationships across various businesses and partnerships. We rely extensively on information and financial systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business, and disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, and online operations. If our systems are damaged, breached, or interrupted, we may experience loss or corruption of critical data and suffer interruptions in our business operations. Furthermore, we frequently update our information technology hardware, software, processes, and systems, and the risk of system disruption is increased when significant changes are undertaken. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, are regularly subject to cyberattacks. These attacks involve attempts to gain unauthorized access to our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and misuse customers' information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in transactions, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. The emergence of global health pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, could negatively impact our business, financial position, and results of operations, affecting customer behaviors and demand for products and services. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations. Our operations depend on the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments, and we are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and addressing vulnerabilities is a priority for us. We expect to continue to experience such attempted attacks in the future, and any compromise of our data security systems could materially adversely affect our business operations, financial position, and results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates, manage leadership transitions, and effectively motivate and retain associates are critical to our business success. We also face strong competition from other retailers, omni-channel retailers, and businesses that could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our strategy includes improving customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers, with a focus on technology, supply chain, and customer-facing initiatives. We are committed to helping customers save money and live better through everyday low prices, supported by everyday low costs, and we invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory, and reduce costs.