ExxonMobil's future business results depend on our ability to manage successfully factors that are, at least in part, within our control, including operational efficiency, technology improvements, cost control, and productivity enhancements. The company's ability to operate efficiently, including managing expenses and improving production yields, is an important component of competitive performance. Continuous management focus is required, including the recruitment, development, and retention of high-caliber employees. To maintain our competitive position, especially in light of the technological nature of our businesses, ExxonMobil's technology, research, and development organizations must adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We must continuously adapt and capture the benefits of new and emerging technologies, including successfully applying advances in the ability to process very large amounts of data to our businesses. Our results depend on management's ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, effectively control our business activities, and minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous management systems and continuous focus on workplace safety and avoiding spills or other adverse environmental events. Our cybersecurity measures include multi-layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection of disruptions, as well as non-technological measures such as threat information sharing with governmental and industry groups. If the measures we are taking to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient, ExxonMobil, as well as our customers, employees, or third parties, could be adversely affected. The success of our strategy for the energy transition will depend on our ability to recognize key signposts of change in the global energy system on a timely basis, and our corresponding ability to direct investment to the technologies and businesses at the appropriate stage of development. Our ability to develop and deploy carbon capture and storage and other lower-emission energy technologies at commercial scale will depend in part on the continued development of supportive government policies and markets. Failure or delay of these policies or markets to materialize could adversely impact these investments. The existence of supportive policies in any jurisdiction is not a guarantee that those policies will continue in the future. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts, and we must continuously improve our ability to identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our project management expertise. The long-term success of ExxonMobil's upstream and product solutions businesses depends on complex, long-term, capital-intensive projects that require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to negotiate successfully with joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others, and manage changes in operating conditions and costs. Our operational efficiency and management effectiveness will impact our performance relative to competition, and we depend on the management effectiveness of co-venturers whom we do not control for projects in which we are not the operator.